Love for smashing aces on the court, drilling crosses on the pitch, parrying strikes on the piste, running circles around the boys.

Love for the big moments and bright lights, but also the solo sessions, the hard days, the grind.

That passion is what drives you to break records and win championships.

It’s also what leads you to realize: this journey is bigger than you.

Because let’s be real as women and as athletes, so much of this wasn’t built for us.

Not the institution of sport, and not the system and structure of society.

As athletes and as women, our only playbook has been to be the change we want to see.

A Black girl from Compton who doesn’t fit the sport Don’t just break the mold.

Change the sport on your way to changing everything.

A champion becoming the world’s fastest mother Nurture what’s next and redefine the meaning of legacy.

A soccer player claiming her space with every play Build a platform to fight for everyone to win.

A trailblazer on the court who inspires a nation Show every girl watching: no dream is out of reach.

A fencer facing odds others call impossible Prove what’s possible when you begin with belief.

A footballer writing history on the world stage Shine a light for the next generation.

In our whole careers, in our whole lives, we haven’t waited on change.

And when it comes to the biggest challenges of our time, that is the spirit we want to bring.

Whether it’s advancing equity for women and girls, fighting climate change or uplifting our communities, we can’t just wait.

We all have a part to play in creating a better world, and that’s why it means so much to share this journey with NIKE, and with all of you.

Moving the world forward doesn’t happen overnight.

As women and as athletes, we’ve pushed to be seen and heard.

We’ve raised our voices to help drive that change, and NIKE, you’ve been there to listen and evolve with us.

More than anything, what our journey has shown is that real innovation and lasting impact happens when we create a new playbook together one built on engaging more deeply, championing women more meaningfully and expanding opportunity for generations to come.

So, to the changemakers out there: No matter where your journey takes you, our wish for you is to hold on to why you started.

We see you, we hear you, we believe in the fire you have inside you.

Our purpose is to move the world forward through the power of sport.

If you’re reading this letter, it’s because you understand the power of sport.

You know that sport changes the way we see ourselves, and the way we see the world.

Sport connects us with a shared language the joy of a run, the thrill of a game, the power of movement, the calm of a deep breath.

Sport builds community, opens minds, and changes hearts.

To me, that’s what NIKE’s potential for impact is all about.

NIKE’s mission is to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world.

Our purpose is to move the world forward through the power of sport.

And in the face of society’s most pressing challenges, our belief is that sport can bring us together to change the world for the better.

More than 50 years ago, the passage of Title IX in the United States opened doors of opportunity for women and girls through sport.

Within the same week, a small startup in Oregon would introduce its running shoes at the U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials.

And from the beginning, NIKE would define the word athlete through the lens of equality: If you have a body, you are an athlete.

The way we see it, sport has always been one of society’s most powerful catalysts for change.

And over the years, what we’ve learned has moved NIKE forward, too.

Our inspiration comes in many forms, and from many voices.

The teammates who help shape a more equal and inclusive culture.

The coaches and community leaders who step up to expand access to youth sport.

The innovators who help protect our planet, and the future of sport.

The athletes who stand up, speak out, and push us to grow.

We grow not just to serve today’s athletes, but also for the next generation the next Shelly Ann, Ada, Li Na, Megan, Bebe, and Serena.

And just like the athletes we serve, we’ll keep pushing to realize our full potential.

NIKE has long challenged itself to share its journey with humility and transparency.

When I think about how NIKE leads with purpose, two words that come to mind are boldness and humility.

NIKE has never been shy about setting bold, ambitious goals to create a better world through sport.

Equally, NIKE has long challenged itself to share its journey with humility and transparency.

More than twenty years ago, the NIKE, Inc. Board of Directors first established a committee tasked with overseeing matters related to environmental and sustainability initiatives, labor practices, diversity and equal opportunity, and other issues related to corporate responsibility.

Since then, NIKE’s commitment to corporate purpose has only deepened and grown building on the continuing commitment to strong governance, sustainable growth and responsible leadership.

Today, the Board’s Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability Governance Committee oversees NIKE’s corporate governance, as well as the risks and opportunities associated with NIKE’s three Purpose pillars People, Planet, and Play.

As a committee, our responsibilities include monitoring NIKE’s progress against its five year Purpose targets and long term sustainability goals providing oversight of significant Purpose related strategies, activities, policies, investments and programs and reviewing and providing guidance to management regarding the development of this annual Impact Report.

Purpose is embedded in NIKE’s DNA, and continues to guide NIKE’s growth.

On behalf of the NIKE, Inc. Board, we are pleased to share this FY22 NIKE Impact Report.

This year s report represents the second year of performance toward our 2025 targets.

Our Targets In 2005, NIKE published its first set of five year Purpose targets, and we have stayed committed to this practice ever since.

Today, we have a set of 29 ambitious corporate targets for the period from FY20 to FY25, focused on our Purpose across People, Planet and Play.

These targets represent our multi year commitment to drive impact, meet stakeholder expectations and align with NIKE’s business priorities.

About This Report This year’s report represents the second year of performance toward our 2025 targets.

For each target, our report provides context on our goal and approach, details the initiatives underway to reach the target and updates on the results of our efforts.

This includes reflecting on what areas of work have proven challenging, and sharing what plans we intend to pursue to address those areas in the future.

Throughout the report, we have included spotlights on the employees and athletes helping drive this work around the world, recognizing the people and stories behind our progress.

The final two sections of the report provide details on reporting methodology, Purpose governance, report assurance and data tables to provide additional transparency.

We know that success will not be linear, but accountability in this space means sharing our achievements and learning from our challenges openly we are proud to do so in our FY22 Impact Report.

When we set our 2025 targets, we did so with the ambition that they be bold but attainable and measurable.

Approaching the work with an athlete’s mindset, our targets are meant to push us to the edges of what we can achieve and in doing so, progress our enterprise meaningfully.

Simply put, if we are easily crossing every finish line, then we need a race that is more challenging.

We work toward progress through strategic planning, piloting innovations, implementing solutions at scale and sharing best practices with our partners.

There’s an inclusive, welcoming place to play just around the corner.

We have engaged 375k girls in local play and sport programs this year.

Your favorite college track star shares that she can train at any time of day without worries of excessive heat.

Since 2020, we’ve reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 64% through multiple avenues including 93% renewable electricity.

We’re well on our way to the world we want to see.

It’s a place where women and girls have a voice, inspire as athletes and serve as proud protectors of their planet.

It’s a world where everyone in our next generation sees a brighter future.

An inspiring female coach encourages a young trans athlete to join the team.

In FY22, we supported 17k coaches with our training tools.

A colleague’s promotion confirms your own path is just as possible as hers.

Her mentorship and support of you has made all the difference.

A world where waste is transformed into something new.

Sebastian Coe Building NIKE World Headquarters, Beaverton, OR.

The information in this report and NIKE, Inc.’s corporate responsibility sustainability reporting and website, inclusive of charts, graphs and discussion, and all other information presented, may contain forward looking statements, estimates, or projections based on expectations as of the original date of those materials.

Those statements, estimates and projections are not guarantees of future results or performance and are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, are often beyond our control and could cause actual results to differ materially.

These risks and uncertainties are detailed in our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10 K. Presented information may also discuss previously non public financial and statistical information.

Our approach to the disclosures included in this report and NIKE, Inc.’s corporate responsibility sustainability reporting and website differs from our approach to the disclosures we include in our mandatory regulatory reports, including our filings with the SEC.

This report and our corporate responsibility sustainability reporting and website are intended to provide information from a different perspective and, in certain cases, in more detail than that required to be included in our filings with the SEC.

Climate related science, data and methodologies are rapidly evolving those underlying our climate related analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution over time.

For example, we believe the methodology of carbon accounting will continue to improve over time, especially as it relates to Scope 3 GHG emissions.

As a result of improvements to the quality and completeness of our data and updates to our methodology over time, we may include information in future disclosures that differ from those contained in this report.

Unless otherwise specified, all information (including forward looking information) speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we disclaim any obligation to update or delete any outdated information contained in this report or in our website materials.

We have not, and do not intend to, independently verify third party data.

Actual results and outcomes may differ from those expressed in or implied in this report due to, among other factors, any applicable legal requirements and or industry standards, in providing such data.

While none of the strategic suppliers reached a mature level of gender equity in FY21, more than 95% of suppliers met our FY21 milestone to deploy and validate the SDT, develop an action plan and implement actions.

FY20 was the target year for our FY20 targets (FY15 20) and is the baseline year for the majority of our 2025 targets.

The continual expansion of our Purpose targets’ depth and breadth is a key element of our strategy.

As such, we introduced new areas included in target scope with the 2025 targets.

As a result, in many cases, FY20 values disclosed in the FY20 NIKE Impact Report differ from those provided in this report, reflecting the more inclusive measurement scope in our most current targets.

For the nine Planet targets and the three Supply Chain targets, the target year (when target value achievement is measured) is considered the full FY25.

For the Foundational Expectations target and the People targets, FY25 Q4 constitutes the final measurement period.

A diverse person may be defined as a minority , woman, disabled, LGBTQ and or veteran.

Minority is defined as African American, Hispanic, Asian American, Native American, Pacific Islander or other types of ethnic minorities here in the United States.

The basis for the revised spend data is based on three driving factors: We validated existing suppliers that qualified as diverse, but were not previously designated.

This included researching the suppliers’ certification, that the certification had been accurately recorded in our systems, and that the resulting spend data was reflected correctly.

We have increased our outreach to Tier 1 suppliers (prime contractors) to report their Tier 2 (subcontractor) spend.

We increased our survey scope from 16 to 200 suppliers (representing the majority of total indirect spend).

This resulted in suppliers retroactively reporting their historic Tier 2 spend, which was not previously asked for by NIKE.

We have been able to significantly improve the frequency and maturity of our data quality (validation) reviews.

This index measures the emotional commitment our teammates have for NIKE, influenced by their day to day experiences.

This index measures the extent that our teammates feel that NIKE supports a culture of diversity and inclusion, as well as their personal perceptions around feeling valued and included.

We are able to measure our percent favorability, and assess whether we score within the top quartile.

Level 3 safety and health maturity on Culture of Safety Maturity Assessment.

While most suppliers have started to measure worker voice in their facilities, none have advanced to the next phase, which involves responding to and improving worker experience.

We will begin reporting on progress next year as suppliers begin to enter this next phase.

The baseline for this target was created in FY21 and this information wasn’t measured in FY20.

Standards lay out the minimum standards we expect each supplier facility to meet.

Our scope for this target includes Tier 1 finished good suppliers, Tier 2 material suppliers representing approximately 90% of our footwear uppers and apparel materials, focus DCs representing at least 80% of volume, and our NIKE owned or operated manufacturing facilities (Air MI).

Apparel EPMs: recycled polyester, organic cotton, recycled cotton, third party certified cotton.

Apparel manufacturing waste not yet included in reporting scope as data sources for target tracking are under establishment.

Diverted: Includes waste to energy incineration, recycled waste and composted waste.

We use an apportioned methodology when accounting for units recycled, to address the constraint that a full unit cannot always be recycled.

To avoid overclaiming benefits from recycling, we only count the portion of the unit that is recycled in our target performance numbers.

Being seen, heard and included is much more than a numbers game.

But by measuring our progress and charting representation across gender, race, ethnicity and identity, we keep ourselves accountable.

In doing so, we’re moving closer to achieving the equity that every team, supplier, partner and organization we work with deserves.

I was a kid in Compton, a place that was most definitely not known for churning out world class tennis athletes.

My sister, Venus, and I knew that the courts we practiced on weren’t opened with us in mind.

As my game grew and my career advanced, I understood that so many elements of the game from the rules to the gear weren’t designed for players like me.

Whether it was the fit, the form, the function or the style, I was not represented and I had to make it my own.

So I’d be remiss if I didn’t fiercely advocate for the next generation of female players and young Black and Brown creators.

Often overlooked in design fields, the creative contributions we have yet to make are what’s needed to make our world brighter, bolder and better.

Whether on the court or in the studio, seeing more players and designers like me and like you, who are not afraid to bring our best game will make all the difference.

At Serena Williams Design Crew, we come from different backgrounds and think differently.

I was a kid in Compton, a place that was most definitely not known for churning out world class tennis athletes.

My sister, Venus, and I knew that the courts we practiced on weren’t opened with us in mind.

As my game grew and my career advanced, I understood that so many elements of the game from the rules to the gear weren’t designed for players like me.

Whether it was the fit, the form, the function or the style, I was not represented and I had to make it my own.

So I’d be remiss if I didn’t fiercely advocate for the next generation of female players and young Black and Brown creators.

Often overlooked in design fields, the creative contributions we have yet to make are what’s needed to make our world brighter, bolder and better.

Whether on the court or in the studio, seeing more players and designers like me and like you, who are not afraid to bring our best game will make all the difference.

It is what will dare people, like you and my young daughter, to dream even bigger, and maybe even achieve a major award or a grand slam or two.

Each year we choose 10 up and coming designers of diverse backgrounds and perspectives, with the mission of seeding a new era in design and expanding sport for a new generation.

Much like me, the SWDC apprentices have a bold and progressive vision.

I want to empower them to not follow trends, but instead create them.

What some say does not match, ends up coming together beautifully.

At SWDC, we represent different backgrounds and think differently.

When we set out to build the largest WNBA roster in Jordan Brand history it wasn’t about setting records, it was about setting the standard.

We wanted to show off the depth and diversity of play across the women’s game, and to create a legacy that invites in a new generation onto the court with us.

NIKE wants to be a leader in building a diverse, inclusive team and culture, and this target is important in our work to create the equitable playing field of the future.

Gender equity in the workplace is part of our goal of creating an environment that enables self identified women to reach their full potential and reflect the female athletes and the communities where we live, work and play.

Our FY21 representation of women in our global corporate workforce (50.4%) increased by 0.7 percentage points to 51.1% in FY22, allowing us to surpass our target.

And, we went from 43% of women in leadership positions to 44.1% in FY22, 0.9 percentage points shy of our 45% 2025 target.

We continued to expand our diversity recruitment, talent development and retention practices, adopting a data driven approach to guide our actions and decisions.

People Representation Hiring experiences specific to gender identity, race and or ethnicity, and sexual orientation.

The purpose of the FLDP is to help accelerate the movement, representation and retention of talent.

A cohort based series of professional development courses for Manager to Senior Director level women, ADL supports career advancement through highly interactive, learning focused sessions.

Participants gain access to best practices and new tools that help them be more effective as business leaders, and a wide network of like minded peers.

The courses are facilitator led and include opportunities for networking and individualized support.

We also continued to build deeper and stronger relationships with 10 strategic women only external partners, including Girls in Tech, Grace Hopper Celebration, Latinas in Tech, Lesbians Who Tech, Women Back to Work and the Society of Women Engineers, to help drive representation, retention and development opportunities.

In addition to helping NIKE source candidates from a variety of backgrounds, these partnerships offer unique benefits, supporting career development through professional memberships, leadership and technical trainings, networking and team building.

NIKE’s diverse group of employees participated in 50 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) conferences in FY22, of which 12 focused on professional women and their needs.

An opt in program in partnership with world class, expert leadership development firms, the purpose of the FLDP is to help accelerate the movement, representation and retention of talent.

I am very proud to inspire personal growth and career advancement with my women athlete peers by encouraging store athletes to participate in discussions on women’s topics and share their experiences at community events.

In FY22, we added new investments in professional development opportunities through stronger internal and external partnerships.

Based on the positive response from over 40 WIN participants and their managers, we are expanding the WIN program in FY23 to also include former U.S. track field athletes.

In FY21, we launched Valari, a nine month fellowship that engaged the talents of former caregivers who have already paved a way in the technology industry and are eager to get back in the game.

The program provided curated learning experiences for managers and fellows to accelerate their leadership development, including career coaching, executive sponsors and NikeUNITED Networks support, as well as mentorship.

In FY22, all Valari fellows were offered and accepted full time Director level positions in the technology organization, landing on teams that are critical to our overall Consumer Direct Acceleration offense, including Enterprise Data and Analytics, and Technical Product Management.

A retreat in Hawaii for Asian Americans and Pacific Islander (AAPI) women, LEAP is a first of kind leadership development and wellness program for those who identify as women in the AAPI community.

Internally, we have continued to work to accelerate the career trajectory of women in the workplace by investing in signature programs to increase a sense of belonging, community and professional development.

Building on the success of the previous cohorts, in FY22 we expanded this 24 month program designed for retired and retiring Women’s National Basketball Association (WNBA) players.

Our Women of NIKE and Friends Network has a mission to empower, inspire and invest in women at NIKE.

We identify and nurture high potential individuals to help develop strong talent for the future.

In FY22, we revamped the curriculum of two signature programs focused on Directors and Senior Directors, and we continued to offer mentorship and on the job training.

We also provided development opportunities with external partners.

At the executive level, we regularly conduct talent assessment evaluations that inform the types of training opportunities offered to our most senior leaders, including women in senior leadership positions.

We leverage a variety of programs, including executive coaching, 360 degree reviews that better inform individual development plans, and quarterly executive development meetings.

Since its establishment in 2010, WON continues to play a significant role in supporting gender equity in the workplace.

Its mission is to empower, inspire and invest in women at NIKE, which it activates through three pillars of focus: community, career development and connection.

In FY22, WON expanded its reach from 35 to 48 countries, hosting a variety of events and reaching more than 10,000 members globally.

In FY23, WON will work to elevate the needs of the women of NIKE through community building and career development opportunities, all while continuing to listen and learn, taking a data driven approach, conducting surveys, and sharing insights with the business and its members.

At NIKE, we are committed to attracting and fostering racial and ethnic minority leaders as we continue to create an inclusive culture and innovative company.

We believe that a diverse leadership allows us to not only serve our consumers and their communities better, but also be a better company.

We have focused our efforts in two different areas: hiring new, world class talent, and retaining them, which includes developing and promoting internal talent across all levels and across all U.S. racial and ethnic minorities.

In FY22, we increased the percentage of U.S. racial and ethnic minorities at Director level and above to 34.5%.

This is a four percentage point increase, putting us above our 2025 target of 30% in FY22.

Our DEI strategy has focused on increasing representation through key partnerships with organizations like The Alumni Society, driving awareness of NIKE as a career destination for racial and ethnic minorities, offering focused development opportunities for a diversity of internal talent at the mid level and above and enhancing the day to day sense of community for a diversity of populations at NIKE.

For example, in FY22 we continued to expand participation in McKinsey Company’s management program for mid level leaders and McKinsey Academy for our Senior Directors, Vice Presidents and CNEXT platform emerging leaders.

We continued to invest in NikeUNITED Networks and have steadily increased participation in NIKE’s DEI mentorship program for corporate employees in the U.S., which strives to further promote equity, opportunity, belonging and inclusivity.

In FY22, 1,028 employees participated in the program across 19 functions, and 98.5% of participants found the program a valuable experience overall.

The NikeUNITED Employee Networks bring together employees and allies who represent the unique experiences, perspectives, and ideas of our diverse global employee team.

Networks serve to advance the development of their members, promote NIKE cultural awareness, and demonstrate our commitment to Diversity Equity, Inclusion in the communities where we live and work.

All the Networks have Executive Leadership sponsorship and meet regularly with Executive Leadership and our President and CEO, John Donahoe.

Converse has also adopted this model with five distinct Employee Networks, collectively known as ConverseUNITED, including Converse Mosaic Network, Converse Pride Network, Women of Converse, Converse Military Veterans and Converse Abilities Network.

In FY22, NIKE increased from 34.5% to 38.8% representation of U.S. racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. corporate workforce, seeing a 4.3 percentage points increase, and surpassing the 2025 target three years early.

We are continuing our commitment to increasing overall representation of racial and ethnic minorities in the corporate workforce by investing in new hiring and retention practices and focusing on targeted development offerings for racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S.

From a hiring perspective, we have increased our DEI partnerships and financial commitments to include 50 organizations as part of our efforts to diversify our candidates.

I have an overwhelming sense of pride as I reflect on the work that the Native American Network is doing and will do for our community.

My passion and purpose is to provide positive representation and visibility for Indigenous peoples, and to amplify sustainable change within NIKE and beyond.

NIKE sponsored L’ATTITUDE, a business based national initiative and event bringing together over 3,000 leaders focused on the New Mainstream Economy and the U.S. Latino cohort.

NIKE’s engagement included a Fireside Chat with our President and CEO, John Donahoe and a session on Powering Latina Leadership with NIKE board member M nica Gil, and additional sessions featuring NIKE executives, athletes and partners, with discussions celebrating Latina leaders in sport and mental wellness.

NIKE’s presence at L’ATTITUDE brought together NIKE LatinX teammates across all levels and functions, including representation from LatinX executives, the Latino Friends Network and NIKE retail athletes.

Working in partnership with Raedio, LLC, NIKE sponsored Issa Rae’s HOORAE Takeover a four day festival celebrating Black creatives in art, music, media and other fields.

NIKE’s participation included an innovative community activation led by NIKE’s Until We All Win grantee and nonprofit partner, Beyond the Ball.

The event, NIKE Storytelling by Design, engaged local students from Howard University for a sneaker design competition.

This competition culminated with an inspiring storytelling panel featuring NIKE designers, followed by a design pitch from five student teams, with the winning team receiving scholarships.

NIKE launched a series of career content in partnership with Blavity, featuring three Black NIKE technologists from varying levels within the company.

The series celebrates our technologists and their professional journeys, as well as achievements throughout their careers.

The series received 214,000 impressions, reaching a global audience through Blavity and NIKE channels.

NIKE continues to support Harlem’s Fashion Row, a key strategic partner whose mission is to build community and elevate the voice and work of multicultural designers.

We hosted the third Annual Harlem’s Fashion Row Designer Retreat presented by NIKE, bringing together designers of color for a multiday summit featuring notable designers and brands.

This event provides resources and creates space for designers to learn tools and develop relationships that will help this community grow their brands and advance their careers.

The Converse All Star Design Team (ASDT) apprenticeship program actively allows young creatives from diverse cultural and educational backgrounds to be part of the Converse Design and Innovation team, with the two fold goal of potentially converting the apprentices to full time employees and strengthening the design community by adding more diverse talent and perspectives.

We grew our outreach from 210 creatives in Year 1 to over 300 in Year 2, specifically targeting the Boston, New York City and Philadelphia metro areas.

For both years, creatives were narrowed down to classes of 15 design apprentices.

Year 1 saw six apprentices join the Converse Design and Innovation team in roles across the function.

Of the six, three have been converted to full time employees.

Year 2 saw four apprentices join Converse Design and Innovation team in roles across the function.

Additionally, 31 employees received their first bachelor’s degrees at the University of Memphis with support from Lane Four, NIKE’s tuition paid benefit program in partnership with the University of Memphis for North America Distribution Center and Air Manufacturing Innovation (Air MI) teammates.

For the Converse intern program, the University Relations team has prioritized expanding its relationships and consideration set for the application pool, in terms of cities and schools.

The team has several sourcing strategies to ensure roles are posted and accessible to as many students as possible across the U.S. For FY22, Converse had a cohort of 20 interns, with 50% female participation and 80% from U.S. racial and ethnic minorities.

This is the most diverse intern class to date at Converse.

We also continued the rollout of the mentorship program for managers and above, which strives to promote equity, opportunity, belonging and an inclusive culture.

In FY22, we launched the fifth cohort of DEI mentorship, with a total of 1,028 participants across 19 different functions.

The cohort, which reported a satisfaction rate of 98.5%, will be expanded in FY23 with pilots in Converse and outside of corporate, hopefully leading to a global expansion.

NAN’s work throughout FY22 had measurable impact in each focus area, with highlights including representation, visibility and community.

As it relates to representation, NAN featured 32 speakers, seven guests and 160 Indigenous community members and advocates at various internal and external events.

The third annual NIKE Footprint Summit focused on increasing representation of Indigenous talent at NIKE by identifying tangible solutions that lead to real change.

On the visibility front, hundreds of teammates attended Native American Heritage Month (NAHM) events, and dozens of tribal flags flew at the third annual NAHM flag raising ceremony at NIKE World Headquarters.

When it comes to community, NAN partnered with the White House and the Center for Native American Youth to discuss sports and mental health at the White House Tribal Youth Forum.

In addition, NAN elevated Indigenous artists and activists through the power of NikeUNITED’s larger network.

Being a BIPOC designer, I know how important diversity is.

That’s the beauty of the Serena Williams Design Crew, it brings that diversity into NIKE, not just into design but into so many different departments.

We usually start a new season with a design meeting.

I come out of design sessions full of ideas: the history of NIKE as a heritage brand, the lives of the women we’re designing for, and the potential of the materials we’re working with.

So it’s time to sketch I always have a pencil in my hand.

At NIKE, I’ve learned that you need to take time to understand how people use the products we design.

This was especially true of the maternity range, NIKE M. I don’t have kids, so I had to work harder to understand that journey.

To suddenly have this growing belly, what does that feel like I looked at mothers.

I noticed how women were wearing their partner’s shorts, folding over the waistband to make room for their bumps.

She is literally showing us what she needs, right So that’s a lesson: I’m not in her shoes, but I can let her guide me.

Emiko knows how it feels to be that 13 year old girl on the field in the shorts from last year’s uniform, still getting comfortable with a changing body.

She wants to make apparel that brings girls back to sport, that gives them the compression and the self expression they need to feel confident in any kind of movement.

After school one afternoon, her mom left an article out on the counter about Serena and Venus Williams.

Emiko was gripped by what she read: the sisters had decided to complement their tennis careers by studying fashion design.

She found out where they went to school in Florida and applied.

To see someone that looked like me, designing, Emiko remembers, that was a defining moment in my life.

In 2020, she joined the first cohort of the Serena Williams Design Crew, a diverse collective of emerging designers committed to redrawing the future of design.

She now works at NIKE World Headquarters as an apparel designer for NIKE Pro, and previously on the maternity line, NIKE (M).

I love to take walks around the lake at NIKE World Headquarters.

I’m that person on campus who’s always taking pictures of the flowers.

I can find inspiration that way, for sure, but it’s also just a great way to decompress and refresh for the next part of the day.

It’s only by looking after yourself that you have the energy to give to others.

I try to reach out to students and young designers when I can.

Sometimes that’s a cup of coffee with someone just starting at NIKE, or giving a talk at a design school.

We need to listen to the people who are coming up after us.

First thing I do in the morning is find some movement.

She described to me once how she would enter the court, using the walk through the tunnel to the court as a place to focus her mind.

When I arrive at the NIKE campus, that’s my tunnel moment.

Out of the car, hoodie up, head down, earpods in, music blasting.

I usually have an idea of how I want to start my day, but it changes all the time.

I work between the Serena Williams Building and the LeBron James building, where I contribute to the Space Hippie line of sustainability minded footwear, so the first thing I need to do is figure out where I need to be.

When I was working in New York, I realized most designers don’t have balanced lives.

When you’re working on a creative project it’s hard to know when to stop.

But my puppy Cooper helps me take care of both of us.

He’s a Shih Tzu Bichon mix, a real cutie patootie.

I’ll take him out, so we can walk and just kind of breathe out the day.

NIKE’s commitment to taking action to create a better world is reflected in its continued support of HBCUs and HSIs through Purpose driven product, storytelling, recruitment and investments.

At NIKE, we’re working to enable representation to exist at all levels and that starts by cultivating and hiring more students from a diverse set of institutions.

In FY22, we saw positive movement in the diversity of our interns and direct hires.

We continue to build and execute on a comprehensive HBCU and HSI strategy through year round engagement.

In alignment with NIKE’s Black Community Commitment, we increased our virtual and on campus engagement with HBCUs.

Our Diversity Recruitment team hosted resume writing workshops, interview preparation sessions and informational meetings to help our ecosystem of HBCUs to have multiple points of contact and access to NIKE opportunities throughout the year.

For the first time since the pandemic, we returned to the NIKE World Headquarters (WHQ) campus for an in person, comprehensive summer internship experience to help drive recruitment, interest and hires.

During a nine week experience, our talented group of over 300 interns worked on meaningful projects across a variety of business areas.

Within our summer 2022 intern class, 56% identified as U.S. racial and ethnic minorities and 58% identified as women.

The students from 113 universities around the country included representatives from 15 HBCUs and HSIs and brought a diverse range of skills and backgrounds to help create the future of sport.

Students from HBCUs and HSIs represented 21% of our intern class (HBCUs: 4%, HSIs: 17%).

NIKE’s summer internship program aims to convert 50% of interns into full time employees in FY23.

During FY22, we also laid the foundation and recruitment efforts for our global internship program.

The Global University Relations team recruited and hired 88 interns for internships in NIKE’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) offices.

We continue making progress toward our target of investing 10 million over five years in the form of scholarships and academic partnerships to increase direct hires and interns from HBCUs.

In FY22, we delivered 100,000 each in academic scholarships to seven HBCUs, 500,000 to Morehouse College and 100,000 to the United Negro College Fund (Atlanta).

NIKE donated an additional 25,000 in scholarships directly to Howard University students through a bespoke Storytelling by Design Panel and Sneaker Lab Competition.

In addition to supporting HBCUs and HSIs, and to help further increase diversity and inclusion within our pool of applicants, NIKE’s University Relations and Recruiting programs continue to strengthen existing relationships and build new partnerships with more than 30 Tribal Colleges and Universities (TCUs).

In FY22, we hosted our third annual NIKE Footprint Summit focused on creating pathways for Native and Indigenous community members with an emphasis on university and industry candidates.

This year, the engagement was once again 100% virtual and included a mix of internal and external speakers including NIKE executives and sponsored athletes.

NIKE continued our investment in the American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) and sponsored the registration fee for 50 members of the University of Oklahoma AISES chapter.

As a result of our AISES partnership, we made valuable connections with students pursuing careers in STEM.

Additionally, NIKE also worked with and invited community members from multiple tribes in Washington state and Idaho to a customized event to learn more about our internship and career opportunities.

Early in career and emerging talent development programs are critical to NIKE’s strategic hiring.

We continued our investment in the Marketing Vanguard Program (MVP), built to accelerate the flow of graduate level talent from diverse backgrounds and experiences.

We have also launched, and recruited students for, an HR rotational program modeled after MVP.

Our inaugural class yielded six interns and four full time employees from diverse backgrounds and we will continue to grow the program in FY23.

Additionally, we continue to leverage diversity conferences and partnerships like Management Leadership for Tomorrow and The Consortium to attract talent for programs like our summer internship, direct hire and graduate level rotational programs.

This year, the NIKE Yardrunners program founded by NIKE HBCU alumni served as an opportunity for teams at NIKE to partner with HBCU trailblazers and community creatives to create inspirational storytelling and philanthropy for the community.

Through Yardrunners 3.0, NIKE worked with the community to tell authentic stories, co create culturally relevant product, deliver scholarships, activate on campuses throughout homecoming and establish networking opportunities through NIKE’s University Recruiting team with a sharp focus on engaging candidates from a diversity of backgrounds.

In the spirit of co creation, NIKE worked with four Yardrunners alumni who identify as Black women on the design of HBCU licensed footwear, leveraging the iconic NIKE Dunk silhouette to highlight four institutions: Tennessee State University, Clark Atlanta University, Florida A M University and North Carolina Agricultural and Technical University.

We also continue to track our progress in representation from universities relative to U.S. racial and ethnic minorities and women globally we understand that there is no finish line.

This allows us to understand how our university and early in career efforts impact and contribute to NIKE’s 2025 Black Community Commitments.

During Pride month, we created space for members from our first line to come out to teammates and share their personal stories.

These moments further my passion to do more, to push more and to be a part of more so all employees can be their truest and most authentic selves.

I want to inspire others to believe in themselves, by being my own authentic self.

Our Firstline athletes employees who work at NIKE retail stores, distribution centers and Air MI, are talented individuals from different cultures and backgrounds across the globe.

They reflect the communities where we live, work and serve, and possess a wealth of product knowledge and consumer insights.

For that reason, the NIKE Athlete Experience (NAX) function exists to obsess the end to end experience for our retail Firstline teammates.

One pillar of NAX, Firstline Programs, equips our retail Firstline teammates with accessible pathways to broaden their skills and competencies through corporate and retail work opportunities.

The suite of NAX programs provide curated and intentional experiences at WHQ and in the field to elevate talent within the NIKE ecosystem, and develop the future leaders of NIKE.

In FY22, we were able to tap into and elevate the largest and most diverse talent pool yet at NIKE. We currently have five programs that sit within our suite of career experiences in the NAX program for Firstline retail athletes, and hope to expand into Converse, distribution centers and Air MI in FY23.

Our firstline athletes can access programs to learn more about the business while upskilling.

Sixteen cohorts, totaling 81 employees, participated in the program in FY22 compared to 53 participants in FY21.

Twenty participants were hired into new full time employee roles: two within the store and 18 at WHQ.

These metrics highlight that Track Stretch HQ is a great platform to create exposure and engagement for Firstline athletes to find their future path creating the potential future leaders of NIKE from within.

We also expanded and scaled the Track Stretch HQ framework to Asia Pacific and Latin America (APLA) and Greater China, creating a consistent and equitable experience for our Firstline retail athletes globally to stretch from retail to a corporate role.

The Academy is a one year rotational program that is open to both past and present U.S. retail store managers and assistant store managers.

Participants spend four months working at the manager level across three business functions, allowing for exposure across all of NIKE Direct.

At the end of the Academy program experience, participants are placed in a full time, manager level role within NIKE Direct, North America.

In FY22, The Academy launched its fourth cohort, with six total Head Coach participants from three different territories.

The participants had rotations in North America store concepts, consumer services and online to offline (O2O), and landed full time, manager level roles in Unite, Live, consumer services, NAX and O2O.

We also expanded the eligibility for the FY23 cohort of The Academy to include our Assistant Head Coach population.

REP invests in the development of our Firstline athletes through a four month program within NIKE tech and digital disciplines that leverages their retail experiences.

After completing the REP, individuals return to stores with an opportunity to apply what they have learned as they continue to build their career in retail or at WHQ.

In FY22, REP had three new cohorts of eight individuals totaling 24 participants.

Two participants achieved promotions to in store leadership and four participants were hired into roles at WHQ after the program.

The main objective of Track Stretch HQ is to provide exposure and experience of various career paths for our Firstline athletes across a breadth of functions at WHQ through a six month development experience stretch.

Our Firstline athletes bring their strong marketplace, product and consumer knowledge into the corporate environment, and at the end of the stretch experience, participants return to their store and roles with an opportunity to apply what they have learned.

In FY22, we piloted Track Stretch Retail to serve those interested in growing their career within retail creating an experience for in store retail stretches with structured onboarding and a curated learning journey through the cohort model.

The initial program had 11 participants from 10 stores, of whom four participants were promoted to the retail leadership roles they were stretching into.

We are planning to scale this program to all of North America in FY23 and allow the framework to inform in store stretch experiences across other geographies.

Unified Firstline was another net new program in FY22, designed to bridge the gap between physical and digital consumer service, enabling our part time athletes to expand their skills and capabilities developed in stores by also serving consumers digitally on our nike.com and NIKE app channels as NIKE experts on demand.

This program is exclusive to our part time population, in partnership with the Consumer Services team in North America.

The pilot cohort had 10 part time athletes participating, two of whom saw career growth moves to WHQ roles in Consumer Services.

In addition to employee experience programs, we have also updated our approach by providing greater visibility into Gateway roles, which are functional roles at WHQ that are a good match for the transferable interests of Firstline employees.

While our NAX efforts are specifically for our Firstline retail teammates, Gateway roles are accessible to all employees (in retail, distribution centers and Air MI).

The NAX and Recruiting Programs team partnered with functions to identify roles and job families that would make good Gateway roles and then made these roles visible to Firstline employees on an ongoing basis.

Firstline employees can now view a curated list of open corporate roles that match their interests on the external NIKE careers site, so that they may easily find and apply for open roles and participate in the competitive process.

NIKE’s total rewards are designed to sustain a culture in which everyone feels included, empowered and rewarded for the success we create as a team.

Our competitive and equitable total rewards aim to meet the diverse needs of our global teammates and reinforce our values.

A personalized and holistic rewards system is essential to attracting, inspiring and developing premier talent.

We link pay to company performance, demonstrated and expected individual performance, contributions and impact, and key talent needs for NIKE’s long term growth.

Company performance plays a significant role in our short term and long term incentives individual performance informs rewards like base pay increases and milestone bonuses, as well as promotions into roles with more scope and responsibility.

We believe that competitive and equitable rewards go hand in hand while recognizing that pay can be managed and assessed in a number of ways.

Each year, NIKE analyzes benchmark data from other leading global companies to inform salary investments and adjust pay rates and ranges.

During FY21, we implemented a minimum hourly rate of 15 for retail store teammates in North America and in FY22 we increased our starting hourly rates for store employees across EMEA and Mexico.

We also increased hourly rates to 18 for distribution center employees in North America in FY22.

At NIKE, we define pay equity as equal compensation for employees who undertake the same work at the same career level, location, experience and performance.

Globally, we assess this across gender, and in the U.S., we also assess this across racial and ethnic minorities.

Since signing the White House Equal Pay Pledge in 2016, we have developed an ongoing discipline of reviewing our pay practices annually to achieve and maintain pay equity for our approximately 80,000 teammates across all geographies, functions and business units.

Our FY22 data shows that NIKE has maintained 1:1 pay equity.

Since FY20, for every 1 earned by men, women globally earned 1, and for every 1 earned by white employees in the U.S., racial and ethnic minority employees earned 1.

An investment was also made in merit increases to enable continued market competitiveness.

We are reviewing and refreshing our internal pay infrastructure to strengthen market relevancy and competitive positioning in an ever changing external macro environment.

We have made additional investments in high performing talent, aligning to their performance and potential.

Transparency at NIKE is the sharing of relevant information to drive better decisions related to pay for employees, leaders and candidates.

We believe that by infusing transparency into our policies and practices, we build trust and accountability both of which are integral to our culture.

In FY22, we enhanced our commitment to educate employees on talent and pay practices creating expanded resources and hosting live training sessions.

The goal of these global information sessions was to strengthen manager capability and confidence in having productive pay conversations.

The live training sessions were well received, with managers reporting greater understanding and increased comfort levels educating their teams on how pay decisions are made.

Growing up in my small Northern California town, there wasn’t a girls’ soccer team for me to join.

Now we have the eyes of the world on Women’s Championship matches.

Our games are breaking global records of attendance.

That’s what progress looks like, and what it means to be acknowledged.

When I was young, I could play on boys’ teams and I was able to find my feet, hone my craft, and discover my gift.

That was before off the field comments made it clear that many thought girls shouldn’t com pete with boys, let alone beat them.

But I kept playing, and win ning, and fighting my way onto teams where I not only felt like I belonged, but began to understand that I had an critical role to play.

As I rose to play on the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team, so did the public’s interest in women’s soccer what still needs to increase is equal pay for Women across the board.

That’s why I use my skill as a player and my voice as an athlete to ask what true equity looks like, so that we are not leaving anyone behind.

I use my skill as a player and my voice as an athlete to ask what true equity looks like, so that we are not leaving anyone behind.

Growing up in my small Northern California town, there wasn’t a girls’ soccer team for me to join.

Now we have the eyes of the world on Women’s Championship matches.

Our games are breaking global records of attendance.

That’s what progress looks like, and what it means to be acknowledged.

When I was young, I could play on boys’ teams and I was able to find my feet, hone my craft and discover my gift.

That was before off the field comments made it clear that many thought girls shouldn’t compete with boys, let alone beat them.

But I kept playing, and winning, and fighting my way onto teams where I not only felt like I belonged, but began to understand that I had an critical role to play.

As I rose to play on the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team, so did the public’s interest in women’s soccer what still needs to increase is equal pay for women across the board.

That’s why I use my skill as a player and my voice as an athlete to ask what true equity looks like, so that we are not leaving anyone behind.

Creating that sense of belonging, for everyone in the next generation, is as important to me as playing the best game I can.

I appreciate the steps Nike is taking inside its business, and beyond, to prioritize inclusivity, and give all voices a moment to be heard.

Playing alongside amazing athletes, like my teammate Quinn, pushes me to the edge of my game.

Our society today can only be stronger, when we are more inclusive in how we see each other, and champion one another.

We believe benefits should be comprehensive and inclusive.

To best serve our diverse team of approximately 80,000 employees, we offer a variety of benefits so teammates can choose the best options for their life and family.

We design inclusive, value driven programs and practices that anticipate and serve the needs of teammates at all stages of life and positively impact their well being.

Our decisions and program design are guided by NIKE’s values and goals, employee insights and feedback, and market data.

In FY22, NIKE teammates and their dependents engaged in more than 35,000 counseling sessions.

NIKE offers a variety of family building benefits including fertility treatment, adoption and surrogacy coverage to support all paths to parenthood.

During FY22, we expanded our fertility benefits through Progyny, Inc. so U.S. NIKE teammates now have access to unlimited Smart Cycles for fertility services like IVF, egg retrieval, sperm freezing, and more.

We offer inclusive family planning benefits and transgender care, including travel costs when services are not available locally.

Our comprehensive transgender healthcare is inclusive of services recommended in the latest World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH) standards of care and includes access to a dedicated transgender healthcare advocate to help navigate care and insurance coverage.

A big part of supporting our teammates is listening to their feedback to inform what we offer.

We’re always asking ourselves whether our programs and practices are having the desired impact and where we can improve.

Health to provide mental health support for our employees in the U.S. With Lyra, employees have access to timely care through a high quality and diverse provider network, as well as guided self care and meditations.

Ninety two percent were satisfied or very satisfied with the care approach meeting their needs.

At the same time, NIKE expanded its Employee Assistance Program (EAP) so that all global employees and their family members have access to 20 fully covered therapy sessions per year.

EAP counselors are carefully chosen and trained to support mental health, substance abuse, marital and family challenges, depression, anxiety, building stress resiliency and achieving balance.

Beyond COVID 19, we support employees in a variety of ways during times of crisis.

We continue to support our employees through challenges related to the COVID 19 pandemic.

NIKE provides pay continuity when stores or operations need to close due to natural disasters or other unforeseen situations.

During FY22, we extended and replenished our COVID Sick Leave policy, which in addition to existing paid time off benefits provides up to two regularly scheduled work weeks of paid sick leave.

Teammates can take COVID Sick Leave when they experience symptoms associated with COVID 19, need to take time off to care for their children due to school or childcare closure, or need time away to prioritize their mental and emotional well being.

In light of the COVID 19 pandemic and related challenges, NIKE absorbed healthcare premium increases for the past two years, so NIKE teammates were able to continue their coverage at the same cost year over year.

We provide mental health support through our EAP with individual, group or onsite counseling.

Through our Natural Disaster Assistance program, we provide financial and lodging support to employees who have been severely impacted by a natural disaster.

NIKE matches employees’ cash donations to organizations supporting those affected by the crisis through Give Your Best, the company’s employee giving platform.

To support teammates impacted by the war in Ukraine, we provided pay continuity to retail employees when stores were closed, continued access to life insurance and provided additional EAP support to teammates across EMEA who were affected by the conflict.

NIKE offers a range of benefits to support the emotional, physical and financial well being of our teammates and their families.

NIKE continues to prioritize and invest in the holistic well being of our employees and their families, supporting their physical, emotional and financial well being.

From mental health support to unlimited free financial coaching and, of course, access to sport we are committed to helping our teammates live their most fulfilling lives at work and outside of it.

When we support the well being of our employees and inspire each individual to be their best self, we do our best work as a team.

To support emotional well being, NIKE offers 20 free therapy and coaching sessions to employees and their family members through Lyra Health and EAP, as well as a range of meditation, mindfulness and caregiving resources.

We also offer onsite EAP support at our distribution centers.

NIKE is also a proud supporter of Crisis Text Line, a nonprofit that provides free 24 7 crisis counseling via text messaging.

As champions of physical well being, we encourage employees to make sport a daily habit by providing free access to NIKE Sports Centers, wide ranging fitness discounts and comprehensive preventive programs, healthcare and family building benefits.

To support the financial well being of our teammates, we offer unlimited free financial coaching through Ernst Young, as well as a 401(k) match, scholarship programs, tuition reimbursement, dependent care subsidies, performance bonuses, stock purchase plans and more.

NIKE offers workplace flexibility and generous time off, including half day Fridays throughout the summer and a closing of our corporate offices for a dedicated Well Being Week in August where we take time off together as a team to focus on our well being, plus Well Being Days for teammates in our retail stores and distribution centers.

During FY22, amid the ongoing pandemic and in conjunction with our return to the workplace in many locations, we intentionally focused our investments and energy on mental health.

Based on employee feedback, we evolved our approach to support the well being of our retail store and distribution center teammates and introduced dedicated Well Being Days for teammates to use at their convenience.

We also launched a new internal Well Being Hub to make it easy for teammates to find inspiration, events, resources and benefits to support their well being.

As a community, we are deeply committed to helping break down the stigma associated with mental health and promoting habits that nourish mind and body in everyday life.

One of the ways we do that is by engaging our NIKE family in conversations about mental health.

We frequently invite athletes to join employee meetings so our teams around the world can hear firsthand about their mental health and well being strategies.

In FY22, we also produced a new podcast, No Off Season, where our partners from Crisis Text Line interview NIKE athletes about their mental health journeys.

Episodes feature candid conversations with athletes such as Laurie Hernandez, Raven Saunders and Karl Anthony Towns.

We believe it’s our responsibility to maintain an inclusive, empathetic culture where every employee can be their most authentic self and that means creating a safe place where we can be vulnerable, ask for help and admit when we’re not okay.

Our leaders strive to model behaviors and create an environment where employees feel empowered to prioritize their well being.

We celebrate leaders who lead with a well being mindset and train leaders around the world on how to model behaviors that best support their team.

Many of our most senior leaders have been open about their own mental health experiences and routines, which has helped advance the dialogue among employees and teams.

We partner closely with our NikeUNITED and ConverseUNITED Networks to understand the unique well being challenges facing diverse communities, and we strive to provide resources to meet those needs.

During FY22, we scheduled dedicated EAP sessions with specialized counselors for several of our networks, including the Black Employee Network, Ascend Network, Pride Network, NIKE Military Veterans Network and more.

Well being was a core element of our return to the workplace in FY22.

In addition to offering over 60 days’ notice of our return date, we offered a ramp up period to allow employees an opportunity to gradually reacclimate to the office.

We also returned in a new 3 2 hybrid work approach for the majority of employees three days a week in the office and two from home.

Employees in the 3 2 work approach also benefit from Four Week Flex an opportunity to work from another location of their choice up to four weeks per year.

As teammates returned to campus and work locations around the world, we offered mindfulness and meditation activities alongside our fitness facilities and classes.

We also continued our virtual offerings for a subset of our employees who are a part of the remote work approach as well as people in other locations around the world.

In addition, we intentionally re onboarded teammates who had joined NIKE during the pandemic, and provided resources for leaders and teams supporting hybrid work and new ways of working as they transitioned.

In the fall of FY22, we continued to provide onsite access to flu shots and COVID 19 boosters.

At NIKE, we are committed to creating an engaging and inclusive culture where all teammates can authentically express themselves, become their best selves and reach their full potential.

In FY22, we continued to measure employee engagement and our culture of belonging through our annual All Employee Engagement survey and several corporate pulse surveys and listening sessions focused on topics that are important to employees, including well being, career progression and culture.

The results show the Engagement and Inclusion Indexes are strong and stable, and employees continue to respond favorably to NIKE’s support of their changing needs while creating a culture of inclusion and belonging.

As part of our strategic focus on building a leading internal employee listening function, in FY22 we moved to a new survey platform and benchmark provider.

Due to this change, this year we are reporting the percentage of employees who agree or strongly agree (on a five point scale), while in prior years we reported percentiles.

Additionally, we are unable to report on a full Global Inclusion Index benchmark.

However, we can compare to a global benchmark for a subset of our Inclusion Index (four out of six items).

For that subset of items, favorability was 77% in FY22, up two percentage points from FY21 and five percentage points below the 75th percentile benchmark.

The two items within our Global Inclusion Index that do not have benchmarks provide further insight into the holistic, felt experience of inclusion at NIKE.

Moving forward, we will continue to evaluate and enhance our survey strategy and inclusion measures to best represent our employees’ voices and experiences as part of our continued commitment to our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion priorities.

We continued to focus on employee engagement in FY22, including building out a rigorous employee voice program to gather more frequent feedback and drive meaningful action and promoting key programs that aim to enhance the employee experience in a holistic way.

Benefits to support teammates’ emotional, physical and financial well being (see Pay Benefits section for more details).

Launched a new internal Well Being Hub to make it easy for teammates to find inspiration, events, resources and benefits to support their well being.

Fridays: For the second year in a row, we encouraged employees to participate in Well Being Week, when the company closes its corporate offices and Air MI facilities for a full week in the summer.

We also introduced dedicated Well Being Days for retail and distribution center teammates to use when it’s convenient for them.

And we continued our Summer Fridays, when employees are encouraged to stop working around noon on Fridays throughout the summer.

We believe taking time to step away from work is important to help our employees be healthy, creative and productive.

We also expanded NIKE’s digital learning platform, The Source, to increase employee development through curated learning experiences.

FY22 was also a significant year in our company’s history.

We celebrated our 50th anniversary and hosted a series of events to show our appreciation to our employees, partners and the communities we serve.

We hosted Appreciation Days in offices and on campuses around the world, reconnecting employees to our purpose with engaging programming that started in April and continued through September with Just Do It (JDI) Day and the Maxim Awards ceremony.

FY22 also marked our return to the workplace with a new hybrid model for our corporate employees.

We hosted a series of events that eased the transition back to the workplace and strengthened the bonds that we have as NIKE employees.

For example, we hosted a Welcome Week Experience for U.S. based corporate employees hired between March 2020 and April 2022.

The experience included events, campus tours and giveaways to help newer employees feel connected to NIKE and their new workplace.

And we continued to host a series of virtual offerings for employees who are a part of the remote work approach or in other locations around the world (see Pay Benefits and Well Being sections for more details).

We are committed to addressing the needs of all employees, but we place a strong focus on supporting underrepresented groups through our pillars of representation, education, development and creating community.

Places to Work for LGBTQ employees for the 20th consecutive year on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.

NIKE is one of only seven out of more than 1,200 participating companies to achieve a 100% rating for the last two decades.

The Corporate Equality Index is the preeminent national benchmarking tool on corporate policies, practices and benefits pertinent to LGBTQ employees, and the primary driving force for LGBTQ workplace inclusion.

Increasing representation at all levels of the organization.

Creating DEI learning and development programming internally through the NikeUNITED Networks and externally through our DEI partners.

Expanding the DEI mentorship program for U.S. corporate employees.

Increasing accessibility efforts to create equitable and inclusive experiences for our employees with disabilities.

As a result, NIKE was recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion with a score of 100 on the Disability:IN Disability Equality Index a globally recognized benchmarking tool to evaluate disability inclusion and equality.

We have a long history of disability inclusion at NIKE, from hiring disabled employees to sponsoring adaptive athletes and innovating new products such as FlyEase.

To deepen our strategic commitment, NIKE established the Accessibility Center of Excellence (CoE) to lead our global enterprise strategy on accessibility and disability inclusion.

Our vision is to create an accessible, inclusive experience for all athletes because if you have a body, you are an athlete, and that includes people with disabilities.

Our mission is to foster disability inclusion that drives innovation in collaboration with the disability community.

Our global enterprise approach brings together teams from across NIKE. We run a hub and spoke model with the Accessibility CoE collaborating with business units to drive forward accessibility and disability inclusion because we win as a team.

I am a proud disabled leader who is honored to champion accessibility in all things we do.

We help create a strong disability culture by driving accessibility for our employees and consumers, because we know disabilities are a strength at NIKE.

We push boundaries of what is possible to ensure the disability community is part of NIKE.

We know that disability is part of diversity and that accessibility creates equitable experiences which, in turn, drive inclusion.

NIKE is recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion with a score of 100 (up from 90 the previous year) on the Disability:IN Disability Equality Index a globally recognized benchmarking tool.

Product Our FlyEase sneakers are created with insights from the disability community.

FlyEase technology makes it seamless to put shoes on with no hands and or easily with limited interaction.

We now have a FlyEase model of many of our sneakers, across price points, to support independent living and self expression for people with disabilities.

We have continued to scale these learnings across our products, and this year launched our Dynamo Go sneakers and our adaptive clothing line for kids.

People At the heart of the Accessibility CoE are people including our disabled employee community and the consumers we connect with every day.

In celebration of disability and sport, we launched our new adaptive workouts on the NIKE Training Club (NTC) with adaptive athlete Amy Bream.

The classes were created with accessibility and adaptive workouts in mind, all designed for people with and without a disability.

Program In collaboration with our Social Community Impact team we provide grants to disability organizations across the world.

Mental health, for example, is a disability with global impacts, and NIKE partners with several mental health organizations.

One such group is the Ben Raemers Foundation, which highlights how skateboarding can help people develop the skills and tools needed to support themselves and each other as well as to help understand and address mental health through community and sport.

In sport, and in life, it’s easy to let your own doubts weigh you down to tell yourself you don’t have what it takes.

I envision a world where everyone believes in the endless opportunity in being told you don’t have what it takes.

When I lost my lower legs and forearms to meningitis at 11 years old, I was sure my dreams of fencing had come to an end.

I knew so much was going to change that I was going to have to put my foil down.

I’d tell myself, Gold medalists in fencing need their arms and can’t be in wheelchairs.

Then my mother told me something that turned my world upside down (in a good way, don’t worry ).

Fencing, like art, lives in your mind, not your hands, she said.

It made me believe that just because everyone else does something in a specific way, it doesn’t mean that I have to.

I stand proudly today as an athlete with a disability.

In sport, and in life, it’s easy to let your own doubts weigh you down to tell yourself you don’t have what it takes.

I envision a world where everyone believes in the endless opportunity in being told you don’t have what it takes.

When I lost my lower legs and forearms to meningitis at 11 years old, I was sure my dreams of fencing had come to an end.

I knew so much was going to change that I was going to have to put my foil down.

I’d tell myself, Gold medalists in fencing need their arms and can’t be in wheelchairs.

Then my mother told me something that turned my world upside down (in a good way, don’t worry ).

Fencing, like art, lives in your mind, not your hands, she said.

It made me believe that just because everyone else does something in a specific way, it doesn’t mean that I have to.

I stand proudly today as an athlete with a disability.

I’ve not only found my own way, but I have the privilege of standing on the shoulders of those who wouldn’t let adversity take them down.

This includes my family, coaches and mentors who believe in me.

And NIKE, who like me, understands that good coaches can help kids see their potential.

In 2021, I founded the Bebe Vio Academy and NIKE has been my partner to help grow the Paralympic movement in Italy.

I want athletes like me, and the medalists of tomorrow, to live in a world where the only limitations they have are their imaginations.

When I, as the only fencer in the world who competes without arms in a wheelchair, won my second Paralympic gold medal I realized something.

To change the world, we have to let those who look up to us in on the most beautiful secret: Our imaginations our minds are what will create a safer, more equitable world for everyone regardless of ability, or disability, origin, skin color, sexual orientation or gender identity.

I firmly believe imagination is the most powerful way to bring people along on our journey.

Certain NIKE owned and operated facilities undergo external audits and internal assessments.

When those processes reveal gaps in EHS standard implementation, we initiate management plans and develop tools to address and correct those problems.

In FY22, COVID 19 response continued to be a priority and a dominant component of our work over the year.

Our mitigation efforts spanned the globe and touched all functions and locations.

NIKE procured and distributed more than 200,000 self administered COVID 19 tests free of charge to employees and contractors.

We hosted COVID 19 and flu vaccine clinics for both employees and family members in the fall of 2021 at many of our high density locations globally.

NIKE’s provision of face coverings and KN95 masks and sanitation supplies also continued in FY22.

COVID 19 notifications and contact tracing were universally applied, with isolation and quarantine policies that aligned to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and local requirements.

We closed out FY22 with the return to workplace for our corporate office employees.

The response will continue into FY23 with newfound support and resources to manage day to day governance as we return our focus to core EHS initiatives and objectives.

NIKE focused on updating life safety programs in FY22 with a focus on occupational health, emergency medical response programs and injury prevention.

In Greater China, we partnered with International SOS to procure and install automated external defibrillator systems across 11 office locations a deal that included embedded training content.

Our North America distribution center facilities implemented 24 7 onsite registered nurse and emergency medical technician oversight through a combination of internal and third party vendor services.

Air MI locations embarked upon a comprehensive injury prevention program that established onsite medical suites with licensed occupational athletic trainers and injury prevention specialists to treat and mitigate hazards associated with both personal and occupational injuries and illnesses.

The Air MI team also launched an employee wide culture of safety campaign focused on eight SAFE (Safety and Accountability for Everyone) principles.

The program includes employee led training and individual commitments, ensuring safety is an everyday commitment.

Our Innovation EHS team elevated chemistry and machine safety programs across all units with an enhanced job safety assessment digital application for equipment and machine safety operations.

In FY23, NIKE plans to launch its Global Office Safety program within select key city locations around the world.

The program provides each NIKE office location with systems and tools to effectively implement injury response and reporting, life safety programs, EHS committee function and robust ergonomic management systems.

Establishing baseline assessments across our globally owned and operated locations will not only aid in legal compliance with local EHS regulatory requirements, but also serve as NIKE’s foundational baseline and complement existing conformance assessments conducted in accordance with NIKE Code Leadership Standards and industry wide Social Labor Convergence Program (SLCP) assessments for certain participating facilities.

We will be partnering with industry experts to develop site specific Emergency Response Plans for all NIKE owned and operated locations, which will include hazard specific protocols in addition to updated evacuation procedures, maps and complementary first aid, automated external defibrillator, CPR and fire extinguisher education.

With a renewed focus on employee awareness and individual preparedness, NIKE is working to secure and offer Occupational Safety and Health Administration online training course content globally through the NIKE University learning management system.

We are also continuing to leverage and expand our internal EHS management system, which gives employees the ability to report injuries, hazards and near misses across our office, distribution, retail and manufacturing locations.

Understanding our leading and lagging indicators with regards to EHS performance will enable our future investments are made against risk based priorities.

We have also worked closely with our business and supporting functions to provide strategic design consultation on topics such as inclusive communication, inclusive sponsorship, cultural appreciation versus cultural appropriation, and inclusive and accessible design.

For our Firstline distribution and manufacturing teams around the globe, we look to expand our comprehensive cross cultural curriculum programming, designed for teammates in non traditional work environments to advance their DEI acumen and Inclusive Leadership skills.

The ongoing program has focused on race and the impact of culture on our personal and work relationships in the U.S., Singapore and China.

This year, we hope to gain a deeper level of understanding for our teammates and their experiences in Vietnam and Indonesia.

Our overarching objective is to develop inclusive leaders who are held accountable for fostering our culture of belonging.

As part of our five year DEI strategy, in FY21 we piloted two education programs for our Vice Presidents and our NikeUNITED and ConverseUNITED Network Leaders.

The programs, both rich in dialogue through facilitation, generated an appetite for even deeper learning around DEI.

Leveraging the feedback from these two programs, we decided to evolve how our Vice Presidents are certified and receive their training.

To renew our commitment, in FY23, we will launch Inclusive Leadership education certification within our ongoing Vice President leadership training, designed for all NIKE executives across the globe.

Additionally, we began development of a new custom unconscious bias awareness training that will be rolled out to all employees, with the goal of 96% completion.

Disability inclusion is an area in which we are also exploring new and innovative ways to make content more accessible to our employees with disabilities.

Our investment in professional development remains a key component of our talent strategy.

We are investing in the development of racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. and women globally at all levels to drive career mobility, advancement and retention.

Our mentorship program, which was launched in June 2021, has had two full cohorts complete the nine month program while maintaining a 98% satisfaction rate among participants.

Given the success of the program in the corporate environment, we are partnering with our Firstline teams to modify the program, with an aim to pilot in FY23.

Additionally, we have invested in a technology platform to facilitate matching of mentorship pairs.

As part of our opt in Focused Leadership Development program we expanded two external relationships with McKinsey Company Executive Leadership and Leadership Education for Asian Pacifics (LEAP).

Through our work with McKinsey, we have had 40 participants complete the Black, Asian and Hispanic Management Accelerators programs and 12 complete the McKinsey Company Executive Leadership Program.

Across all of our associations we have had over 200 underrepresented leaders throughout the enterprise participate in leadership development opportunities with the goal to grow future executive leaders.

We continue to enhance and expand our external relationships in efforts to offer world class programming designed to meet the changing needs of our talent.

In FY22 we added a new senior development program in conjunction with our partner CNEXT, and began building a custom leadership program for executive leadership, which we aim to roll out in FY23.

We also began researching vendors for targeted leadership development for Native American and Indigenous leaders with plans to launch a new program in FY23 for this specific demographic.

We are partnering with CultureAlly and American Indigenous Business Leaders (AIBL), along with the NikeUNITED Networks’ Native American Network leadership team to design and create this new program.

We also launched a monthly career development series for the NikeUNITED and ConverseUNITED Networks to further amplify the network membership experience and increase resourcing for our internal communities at NIKE.

This is an opt in, career development series for network members and leadership teams to advance their suite of skills and increase their personal growth, in conjunction with external organizations like Bleeker, Out Leadership, Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility and Workplace Change.

Topics included goal setting, storytelling, the art of negotiation and conflict resolution, and the series amplified the network membership experience through increasing the available resources for NIKE’s internal communities.

The curriculum aligned with Leadership Defined behaviors and key career moments during NIKE’s fiscal year to prepare teammates for career conversations and planning.

We had over 2,000 attendees over the course of 11 months, with an 85% satisfaction rate overall.

Finally, we are investing in professional development of potential talent outside of NIKE through our partnerships with The Asian American Foundation (TAAF), Management Leadership for Tomorrow and OneTen.

NIKE has a four year community grant agreement with TAAF, worth 5 million 1 million per year over five years (2020 2025).

In FY22 we committed to OneTen, whose mission is to hire, promote and advance one million Black individuals without four year degrees into family sustaining careers over the next 10 years.

We are focused on developing a strategy to connect with our talent acquisition team and identify key roles that fit OneTen eligibility, with the goal of hiring in FY23.

Business Diversity Inclusion (BDI) is more than the right thing to do it delivers strategic business results.

Suppliers are players on our team and a diverse team is a winning team.

During FY22, NIKE increased supplier access, drove strategy awareness across the enterprise and expanded programs to fuel the development of diverse suppliers.

Our approach to business growth is fueled by the belief that diversity in all its forms fosters creativity and accelerates innovation.

We know that leveraging different perspectives, experiences and backgrounds generates unique ideas and makes our value chain stronger.

To enable this work, we will continue to build a roster of suppliers who can actively support our business requirements, while also sharing our commitment to DEI.

As a graduate of a women’s college and a collegiate athlete , my life goal has always been to use the power that sport has to bring people together to change the world.

I feel grateful that I have the opportunity to create meaningful impact in the lives of diverse business owners by giving them insights to build sustained business relationships with NIKE.

We worked with a minority owned training and consulting company to facilitate a diverse supplier training program, The Academy.

To support more minority owned businesses, NIKE encourages our suppliers to also engage with their diverse supplier network.

An example of this approach is the LeBron James Father Time video project, where 91% of the subcontractors hired were minority owned businesses, demonstrating the impact that can be made with intentional sourcing.

Executing on NIKE’s strategy to increase our diverse supplier base and educate our buyers resulted in a delivery of 777 million cumulative spend on diverse suppliers.

Increased our outreach to diverse suppliers by collaborating with supplier diversity councils to host How to Do Business with NIKE webinars and attending the National Minority Supplier Development Council Conference Exchange in New Orleans.

Launched an internal training campaign to educate our sourcing professionals on how to embed BDI principles into their process.

Partnered with WEConnect International and the Minority Supplier Development United Kingdom to help certify diverse suppliers in the region.

Worked with other corporations and supplier diversity counterparts in EMEA to determine best practices and support diverse businesses across the countries and regions.

Built the foundation of the BDI program in the region by integrating the strategy into requests for proposals, tracking diverse spend and educating business stakeholders.

Invited over 30,000 diverse suppliers from North America to apply for Year 1 of the Business Diversity Academy, dramatically scaling the program from six companies to over 75.

This program is designed to accelerate the capabilities of diverse suppliers so that they improve their ability to win new business with NIKE and other Fortune 500 companies.

The program helps address the challenges many diverse suppliers face in building their business, gaining access to new opportunities, and presenting themselves to corporations.

Participants in the Business Diversity Academy are often located in economically disadvantaged communities where the economic impact is felt far beyond those who complete the program and extends into their communities where they employ diverse workforces.

In line with the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) recently amended Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, NIKE believes in the fundamental right of the protection of life and health in the workplace for all people.

This is a key component of our responsible supply chain strategy, which is why we have an expectation that suppliers provide safe and healthy workplaces for all workers.

We focus on fostering a culture of health and safety by having leaders and workers collaborate to adopt, refine and standardize industry leading safety management systems and policies and develop education, training, certification programs and safety leadership capabilities.

Personal protective equipment is essential for Pham Thi Thuy Van’s work in a materials testing lab at Feng Tay Vietnam.

We believe that a skilled and capable workforce is a critical enabler to achieve this target.

As we continue to develop new products and innovate new materials, we also create new manufacturing processes and adjust workplace safety practices to proactively manage new risks.

As a part of this, health and safety professionals must demonstrate a broad range of skills and competencies to not only effectively manage risk and compliance programs, but also foster a culture of health and safety in their facilities.

Strong technical skills combined with business and soft skills equip facility health and safety personnel with the skills they need to improve safety performance and influence and drive change.

In order to support this, we have developed programs to upskill individuals and improve organizational capabilities, which foster peer to peer and peer to manager conversations about relevant health and safety issues within the facility and enable workers to be more engaged and actively involved.

Since we set this target in FY20 and started measuring impact, we have already seen substantial improvements in the rate of supplier lost time injuries per worker.

We analyzed 6.7 billion hours worked from the beginning of FY20 through the end of FY22 and saw a 47% reduction in Lost Time Injury Rates (LTIR) during this time period.

By FY22, all in scope factories were implementing the program, and LTIR stabilized throughout the fiscal year.

Fire prevention and action planning during emergency situations continue to be areas of focus.

To improve fire safety practices among workers and managers, we implemented a facilitator program, which guides workers, managers and leaders on having peer to peer conversations on fire safety and other topics.

This program started as a collaboration between the Fair Labor Association (FLA) and the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health (IOSH).

Since 2015, over 96 Tier 1 finished goods suppliers have implemented the Workplace Safety Facilitator program and trained nearly 375,000 workers on fire safety by the end of FY22.

A well rounded Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) team has been identified as a key enabler to continually drive health and safety initiatives that result in reductions in incidents, non compliances and overall negative impacts to the workforce.

In FY22, we selected the IOSH competency framework as the tool to develop our internal NIKE Health and Safety team as well as suppliers’ teams.

It is a standardized assessment process that gives the OSH professionals an opportunity to determine their current skill level with respect to technical, behavioral and core competencies.

Then it gives them a personalized development track that focuses on enhancing either their technical knowledge, their business acumen or their interpersonal skills.

In FY23, our NIKE internal teams will go through the framework.

Then, we plan to scale the framework to strategic supplier facilities.

When new materials and manufacturing processes are introduced in our supply chain, it’s a priority for us to anticipate, recognize, evaluate and control potential workplace hazards that may arise and cause sickness or impaired health.

NIKE developed an Industrial Hygiene Playbook that guides in scope suppliers on how to implement occupational health programs, policies and procedures to improve workplace conditions.

Since the launch of the playbook at the end of FY22, 10 factory based health and safety professionals have completed the Fundamentals of Industrial Hygiene training course offered by the Phylmar Academy or an equivalent program.

Additionally, 19 have completed more advanced courses on industrial hygiene.

We plan to continue to build out these courses in FY23.

A teammate checks fire safety equipment at Shenzhou’s Worldon apparel factory in Vietnam.

Another health and safety priority is helping improve suppliers’ ability to operate and maintain modern and automated machinery.

As part of our Code Leadership Standards (CLS) suppliers are required to implement machine management programs and track their performance toward international machine safety standards.

Working closely with Pilz, an internationally recognized safety expert, we provide advanced machine safety training and certification for suppliers.

Since FY18, 253 machine safety practitioners have completed the Pilz training course, with 79 people designated as Certified Machinery Safety Experts, and have run safety checks on 63% of in scope machines (over 49,000 machines), which include the following measures: 1) machine safety risk assessments, 2) job hazards analysis, 3) risk reduction controls, 4) safety work instructions and 5) training operators and maintenance staff on the work instructions.

After beginning discussions in FY21 with the ILO’s Vision Zero Fund (VZF), a G7 funded initiative focused on eliminating severe or fatal work related accidents, injuries and diseases in global supply chains, we expanded our relationship and collaboration in FY22 to reduce road and commuter accidents among workers in our supply chain.

VZF and NIKE developed of a Theory of Change (TOC) framework on road safety, using ILO collected feedback from workers, employers, governments and ILO specialists from a number of countries.

Workers are empowered to make decisions and act to avoid and or mitigate known risk factors when commuting.

Workers have access to and use safe transport alternatives when commuting to and from work and are insured in case of accidents.

Road infrastructure adjustments are made and assistance services that mitigate road safety risks of commuters are available.

National legislation is aligned with international best practice and is effectively enforced.

We seek to continue our relationship with VZF in FY23 and will pilot the TOC road safety framework in a select country, focusing on the first two outcomes.

The aim is to develop a scalable tool that can be deployed in other countries.

Teams at Dong Jin Textile in Indonesia operate state of the art knitting machines.

We believe effective leaders set the ethical tone for the company, hold themselves accountable for safety performance, drive safer behaviors at work and motivate their colleagues to do the same.

With IOSH, we have successfully piloted an enterprise level program with our largest supplier groups to help their company leaders evaluate and improve the effectiveness of existing safety governance structure and safety leadership.

Seven supplier groups representing 72 factories and more than 445,000 workers have completed the program by the end of FY22.

We plan to scale to the supplier groups in the Supplier Sustainability Council (SSC) in FY23 and to the remaining in scope supplier groups by 2025.

The SSC is a group of suppliers’ enterprise level representatives committed to innovating and scaling sustainability programs to enhance their operational performance and mitigate risk while sharing out best practices in the hopes of elevating worker safety across the sector.

At the end of FY22, there were 11 suppliers in the SSC.

The SSC workstreams, including transformational leadership in health and safety, come to life through the supplier group leadership.

The program is aimed at enterprise level leaders and governing bodies that are accountable for the strategic direction and oversight of health and safety in their organization.

The program enables these leaders to gain confidence and better understand the key elements of effective corporate health and safety governance, their strategic strengths and areas where they can improve.

We developed our Culture of Safety Maturity Assessment (CoSMA) in 2017 to assist suppliers in measuring their progress.

The tool, our maturity roadmap and assessment methodology are based on Professor Patrick Hudson’s research on Safety Cultural Maturity.

When we piloted this initiative at eight different manufacturing facilities with over four million working hours, we found that supplier lines where the health and safety systems were piloted had 85% lower injury and illness rates compared to traditional manufacturing lines34.

The maturity roadmap, assessment methodology and CoSMA tool are offered to suppliers through a third party online training platform hosted by the Phylmar Academy.

In FY22, we added a companion guide, the Culture of Safety Playbook, to further assist facilities through their journey to develop mature safety cultures and systems.

At the end of FY22, 292 factory personnel, third party consultants and NIKE internal staff had completed the online training and were able to self evaluate their health and safety culture maturity using standard methodology and metrics.

While working closely with third party consultants, 46% of our in scope suppliers (51 suppliers) have self assessed their culture and have met our threshold for building safe and healthy workplaces, with mature management systems now covering more than 439,000 workers in our supply chain.

This data has been validated by feedback from workers through a worker voice platform.

We have implemented a new method to collect worker voice through MicroBenefits’ data platform and Safemap’s safety perception survey questions.

Our multi pronged approach starts with engaging suppliers to help them build strong capabilities that we know enable cultures that promote and enable equity and will help result in an increase in representation of women in leadership and skilled roles.

In order to achieve this goal, we continue to leverage partnerships with global gender experts, including long standing relationships with the International Center for Research on Women (ICRW) and the International Finance Corporation (IFC).

Our Purpose is to move the world forward through the power of sport and help create a level playing field for all.

And we know that operating a responsible and resilient supply chain includes enabling access to career opportunities and upward mobility for women.

In our manufacturing supply chain, women make up over 70% of the total workforce and 80% of the finished goods production workforce.

Yet female representation decreases with the movement into leadership positions.

We aspire toward a level playing field by focusing on creating career opportunities and upward mobility for women, because we know diverse organizations are more resilient, financially outperform their non diverse peers,35,36 and more effectively attract and retain talent.

While none of the strategic suppliers reached a mature level of gender equity in FY21, more than 95% of suppliers met our FY21 milestone to deploy and validate the Gender Equity Diagnostic Tool, develop an action plan and implement actions.

The need to support working parents has been amplified through the COVID 19 pandemic and is becoming increasingly top of mind for all employers worldwide.

Suppliers who now have a strong foundation and understanding of gender equitable practices were able to focus on understanding the root causes of areas of concern for working parents.

These included childcare and balancing work and family responsibilities.

As a result, suppliers have increased flexibility where they can, from adjusting transportation times to adapting childcare policies such as increased parental leave.

To meet this target, suppliers must implement strong policies and practices that incorporate gender equity.

We measure this target by validating supplier performance on the Gender Equity Self Diagnostic Tool (SDT), which analyzes 10 domains of gender equity in areas from how organizations embed an equity lens into their recruitment and hiring practices to how they support and care for working parents in their workforce.

With the launch of our gender equity target in FY20, we worked in collaboration with ICRW to build the SDT to measure gender equity in the footwear and apparel manufacturing industry at the organizational level.

After consulting with industry experts, as well as a representative group of suppliers, we were able to help ground the tool in real life experience.

With this input, ICRW was able to work with gender experts to bring this work to life.

Anyone can access the tool on ICRW’s website, along with supporting materials to help those in the industry, including suppliers, build robust gender equity capabilities.

After setting this target, we worked with strategic suppliers to lay the foundation by helping build an understanding of the importance of gender equity, with the acknowledgment that every organization is starting from a different point on the gender equity journey.

In FY21, the first year of our five year target, our in scope suppliers deployed and validated the SDT assessment, which helped many of them to identify the stronger elements in their policies and practices, along with areas needing improvement.

This tool helped suppliers think about gender equity as core to their business strategy and operations and not as a separate, standalone women’s empowerment program.

In FY22, suppliers completed the SDT for the second year.

Overall, we saw an increase of 9% in their ratings on the tool globally.

The SDT measured an increase in almost every domain, with the biggest gains in suppliers advancing internal metrics and key performance indicators to understand gender equity and in advancing policies and practices to support working parents.

Over half of our in scope factories began collecting data on unplanned absenteeism or turnover through a gender lens, allowing them to understand what factors help employees feel better supported.

With programs focused on movement and play, Feng Tay has provided childcare for thousands of working parents at factories in Vietnam since 2008.

Beyond NIKE’s supply chain, we also kicked off a collaboration, led by ICRW, with six other like minded brands in the footwear and apparel industry and beyond, to co create a gender focused worker voice tool, which will be piloted in FY23.

This tool is an industry first and is designed to complement our Engagement and Wellbeing (EWB) worker survey.

It will allow us to more accurately triangulate with the SDT results to provide a full picture of gender equity in facilities.

By working with other large brands, we are able to help drive change at scale across our industry and beyond, as well as learn and share best practices with our peers.

To support this, we worked with IFC to share research and educate suppliers on the most effective policies to attract and retain working parents.

This included case studies from three suppliers in which Pou Chen (Vietnam) saw increased productivity worth 470,000 each year, and TKG TAEKWANG (Vietnam) experienced reduced absenteeism which helped save 945,000 annually.

MAS (Sri Lanka) launched a daycare center providing valuable support for working parents and saw sick leave absenteeism drop by 9%.

In FY22, the first of our supplier facilities were deemed to have gender equitable policies and practices, meeting the threshold for our 2025 target.

These facilities showed a deep commitment to measuring and understanding their current state and displayed strong cross functional prioritization of implementing key actions identified in the SDT.

The impacts are already evident, with much stronger return rates post holiday, where we often see high rates of attrition, and lower turnover and unplanned absenteeism rates compared to other factories.

We are excited to continue these efforts and scale the learnings from our initial success in the coming years.

One of the ways we continue this progress and help suppliers advance gender equity is by offering capability building training.

To this end, we worked with IFC to host a five part training series with global suppliers helping suppliers build foundational gender equity knowledge as well as providing targeted and actionable guidance on how to set meaningful and actionable representation targets.

These sessions were attended by an average of 160 participants representing facilities across all strategic suppliers.

In early FY23, the remaining sessions will focus on gender inclusive recruitment and promotion, care and support for working parents and creating harassment free environments, which are all key areas of interest requested by suppliers.

IFC also offered direct bespoke support to interested suppliers.

This included several facilities who will complete EDGE Gender Certification, a leading global assessment methodology and business certification standard for gender and intersectional equity.

We believe that organizations need to have strong equitable policies and practices in place to help advance more women into leadership roles and set women up for success.

We also recognize that representation looks different for every organization.

In FY22, IFC trained suppliers on how to set meaningful representation targets.

From there, 98% of in scope suppliers set meaningful representation targets after looking at their own business priorities and workforce demographics through a gender lens, and submitted personalized representation targets focused on increasing career opportunities and upward mobility for women employed in their facilities.

The self set targets fall into three focus areas: increasing the representation of women in initial levels of management, senior leadership and technical roles.

Within technical roles, we have seen an uptick in interest of increasing the representation of female engineers specifically.

We have seen suppliers set meaningful targets in areas that make sense for the shape of their business and the demographic contexts they are working within instead of deploying a one size fits all approach.

Supplier workforce data analysis indicates men advancing into the first rung of leadership at over three times the rate of women.

In response, the Women’s Leadership Accelerator pilot program in Vietnam was implemented in partnership with IFC and local research organization Mekong Development Research Institute, with a focus on high potential female employees in strategic suppliers’ facilities in Vietnam to strengthen women’s career advancement.

This disparity at the initial entry to leadership roles exacerbates the underrepresentation of women in leadership at all levels.

In order to help facilities close this gap, we are helping support female candidates for leadership roles through the Women’s Leadership Accelerator pilot program.

This program, along with aligned factory self set representation targets, has brought meaningful input for leadership.

Three strategic suppliers, Huali, TKG TAEKWANG and Ramatex, joined us to serve as a supplier steering committee for the pilot program.

Accelerator participants were nominated by their factory leadership to participate in the six month pilot to learn both hard and soft skills, as well as to create a network with other women.

The program kicked off in March with over 50 women representing 16 different supplier groups who collectively employ over 380,000 people in the country in facilities that supply NIKE product.

The pilot concluded in September 2022, and we are now measuring its impact and scaling in areas where it can provide the most benefit.

Tra Lam Thao (left) and Tran Vu Bich Hang (right) help lead a team of more than 10,000 workers, 60% of whom are women, at Feng Tay’s Dona Pacific factory in Vietnam.

Another key aspect of operating a responsible and resilient supply chain is investing in suppliers who engage and value their workforce.

Higher engagement leads to a more efficient, agile and committed workforce, which results in beneficial outcomes for both workers and the organization.

Not only are engaged workers more likely to feel physically and mentally secure they are also more likely to actively and positively contribute to their work.

NIKE’s EWB program aims to drive employee engagement and well being as a supplier owned model to increase facility performance, including through key metrics such as higher productivity and decreased turnover.

This program will help enable NIKE to work with suppliers that are committed to improving the lives of the people making our product.

We begin by measuring worker experience, then support suppliers in developing and embedding the capabilities needed to respond and improve these experiences.

Criteria for measuring and improving engagement must be met for the factory to count toward the target KPI of measuring and improving.

While most suppliers have started to measure worker voice in their facilities, none have advanced to the next phase, which involves responding to and improving worker experience.

The target baselined in FY21 and wasn’t measured in FY20.

Lilis Komala operates a cutting machine at a Chang Shin footwear facility in Indonesia, where workers now have access to HR systems and training via mobile app.

NIKE developed the EWB Survey, a comprehensive and anonymous tool that helps capture the voice of workers across several experience categories.

Once a supplier has deployed the EWB Survey, we have a suite of tools and supports, such as the EWB Action Planning Guide, to help suppliers develop and implement a process for converting survey insights from workers into action and embedding practices into their human resource management (HRM) systems.

In FY22, 89 of NIKE’s strategic suppliers deployed the EWB Survey, exceeding our expectation of 87 strategic suppliers.

Since 2017, we have been scaling the EWB Survey to reach more suppliers.

Since that scaling began, the EWB Survey has reached 106 unique factories representing around 580,000 workers across 15 countries.

Recognizing that no two suppliers are the same or at the same point in their employee engagement journeys, we work to meet them where they are and actively support building capabilities that increase engagement.

Throughout the year, we monitor supplier target progress and conduct regular check ins to encourage continued commitment to the target and enable suppliers to share challenges.

Based off these conversations, the NIKE team provides targeted support as needed.

In FY22, 24 in scope facilities measured and improved engagement.

There is a natural journey in a supplier building their capabilities in measuring worker voice prior to being able to convert insights into action and embedding new practices in overall systems to drive sustained improvement.

We continue to tap into survey insights to help prioritize and develop a more data driven approach.

For example, the top scoring questions across geographies and demographic groups in FY22 were around social connection, getting input from employees and safety awareness.

We also share common trends with suppliers and work to make sure these areas are prioritized.

Suppliers can then begin to further understand the root causes of any issues and build capabilities to best address them as we progress toward 2025.

In FY22, we introduced the second phase of the target, providing a clear methodology for suppliers to implement the capabilities needed to improve engagement with their workforce in a consistent, scalable manner.

Twenty four in scope facilities measured and improved engagement.

We seek to drive supplier led measurement of worker voice.

NIKE helps enable a standardized approach through our guidelines and best practices in implementing worker voice tools.

We have developed for survey vendors an action planning guide to drive supplier ownership and accountability.

We continue to have strong relationships with organizations like MicroBenefits, Labor Solutions and Ulula, which provide not only the ability for facilities to digitally deploy the survey, but also a broader suite of services connecting workers and management.

For many suppliers, their employee engagement strategy involves adopting solutions from these organizations, such as worker voice tools that are available on mobile devices and or made available via tablets at convenient and private kiosks in the facility.

These solutions have a variety of capabilities such as confidential, anonymized grievance mechanisms, training platforms and employee portals with access to things such as wage visibility and pay stubs, hours and benefits.

As we look at the journey of progression, suppliers are increasingly identifying ways to leverage these types of digital solutions to increase their engagement with workers on a daily basis.

Workers at Feng Tay Vietnam have access to sport facilities to promote engagement and wellbeing.

Starting in 2015, we began working with strategic suppliers to develop compensation and benefit models as a part of their overall strategic HRM systems.

These systems include integrated IT systems, benchmarking with the local labor market, aligning incentives and incorporating feedback from workers though worker voice platforms.

Three of the 21 questions in our EWB Survey focus on workers’ experiences around pay.

Through our EWB program, we support our suppliers on building capabilities and converting insights from our EWB Survey into actions.

Aligning with the Fair Labor Association’s (FLA) definition of a fair wage, we expect suppliers to pay a wage that progressively meets workers’ basic needs, including some discretionary income.

We share our standards and expectations with suppliers in our Code of Conduct and Code Leadership Standards (CLS).

Strategic and fair compensation is a key priority for our responsible supply chain because it not only supports workers’ livelihoods, but to also help suppliers remain a competitive employer of choice in local labor markets by attracting, retaining and developing talent.

Operator Yanti prepares fabric for cutting at a Pratama footwear facility in Indonesia.

NIKE and Shenzhou teammates work together in a facility dedicated to manufacturing Flyknit, one of our most sustainable innovations.

We have continued to build better wage visibility year over year, and we continue to partner with the FLA in this effort.

This is our third year of collecting robust and standardized wage data across a representative sample of our supply chain based on the FLA’s methodology and guidance.

We collect this data alongside other key HR and workforce key performance indicators to allow us to have a complete and thorough picture.

In addition, we compare this data to various benchmarks including minimum wages, national poverty lines and living wage benchmarks.

It’s important to us that we have a credible, robust and accurate methodology for measuring wages.

Having credible third party benchmarks is critical to understanding wage gaps.

With this in mind, we have provided support to Anker Research Institute (ARI) as they develop their next living wage benchmark in Indonesia, which will be published later this year on the Global Living Wage Coalition (GLWC) website.

ARI also has a thorough and detailed methodology, including extensive on the ground research that assess cost of living to determine an accurate benchmark.

We plan to use GLWC in other regions where it is available.

This effort will help us have approximately 80% of strategic suppliers in all regions compare their wages against an updated and more credible living wage as part of their overall benchmarking.

We plan to supplement this data with other benchmarks where there are gaps or when more localized, accurate or up to date data is available from other sources.

As we look to the future, we will continue to improve our data governance in collecting meaningful and actionable wage data and identifying ways to use this information in capability building and program focus.

We will also continue to work with GLWC and others on expanding and updating robust wage benchmarks (including living wage, where available), and we will continue to use this information where available to identify gaps and build capabilities by evolving our programs and policies.

Another key element of our wage strategy is our responsible purchasing practices.

We are not only driving compliance with the CLS with suppliers, but also looking internally at how our business practices impact those who make our product.

We do this in several ways and continue to adapt as we learn more from suppliers and the industry to continue to steward and implement best practices.

We have long standing partnerships with most of the Tier 1 finished goods suppliers.

Over 90% of NIKE footwear and apparel is made by factory groups that we have worked with for over 15 years.

To enable suppliers to have time to plan and act responsibly with workforce decisions, we meet with suppliers on at least a quarterly basis to discuss current and future business forecasts.

Working across our Sourcing, Costing, and Government and Public Affairs teams, we help give suppliers visibility into areas for improvement and collectively work together to address the root cause of issues.

Better Buying also continues to be an important partner for us and provides critical, anonymized input from suppliers on our purchasing practices.

We have been participating in the Better Buying survey since 2018 and just received our most recent results back, in which we improved our total score since last year, increased our participation rate to above 50% and scored above the industry average overall.

We regularly review our purchasing practices to make sure they both address marketplace demands and do not adversely impact compliance with our CLS.

For example, during COVID 19 we paid in full for finished product from all suppliers globally, while honoring previously agreed payment terms for product in production.

In the case of canceled orders, our policy with suppliers is, and has been, that NIKE will pay the appropriate amount of the order, depending on the stage of production as communicated by supplier, to enable the supplier to recover costs associated with the canceled order.

Feng Tay teammate Pham Thi Thu Huyen on the Air Force 1 production line at a facility in Vietnam.

At NIKE, we believe a world class responsible supply chain is grounded in standards that demonstrate respect for the environment, the people who make and move our product, and the principles of a healthy and safe workplace.

With that in mind, we build long term relationships with suppliers who share our commitment to making products more responsibly.

We expect that all of the in scope suppliers and third party logistics providers we work with meet or exceed our foundational labor, health, safety and environmental expectations, which we share with them in our Code of Conduct and Code Leadership Standards (CLS).

When we set this target in FY20, we launched the most ambitious and accelerated expansion of our compliance program to date updating our Code of Conduct and CLS in FY21 to continue to align with international standards, our strategic priorities and risk mitigation within our supply chain.

We also committed to transitioning from using proprietary tools to industry tools, enabling verified data sharing across the industry to increase transparency.

This transition reduces repetitive audits, giving suppliers the opportunity to free up resources that they can, in turn, deploy toward programs that support workers and the environment.

Our material suppliers, Air MI facilities and distribution centers who are being assessed for Foundational Expectations for the first time are just starting on their journey.

We anticipate that as facilities adapt to the new tools and processes, they will learn quickly as they take advantage of targeted remediation and capability building programs described in more detail below.

We are already seeing some improvement as facilities complete their second assessments.

We assess Foundational Expectations through verified Social Labor Convergence Program (SLCP) assessments, Higg Facility Environmental Module (Higg FEM) assessments and Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC) wastewater testing.

At the end of FY22, 97% of facilities have used at least one industry tool and the remaining facilities are currently scheduled to transition in FY23 based on industry tool availability.

In FY21, we also expanded the scope of this target.

We added additional Tier 2 material suppliers representing approximately 90% of total footwear upper materials and apparel textile production, in scope distribution centers representing at least 80% of volume and our NIKE owned and operated Air MI facilities.

We publicly disclose Tier 1 finished goods and Tier 2 material supplier facilities on the NIKE Manufacturing Map.

As a result of this expanded scope, we are seeing a dip in the compliance rate during this transition period.

As expected, our finished goods and material suppliers who have been a part of our audit programs some for more than 20 years are adjusting to the switch of audit tool, assessment process and our elevated Code expectations.

A forklift operator at a Far Eastern textile facility in Vietnam, which is now in scope as a Tier 2 materials supplier for our foundational labor, health, safety, and environmental expectations target.

Suppliers manufacturing branded licensed products or branded footwear uppers and branded outsoles.

We are applying what we have learned over the last 50 years building long term relationships with suppliers who share our commitment to making and moving products more responsibly.

In FY22, we strengthened existing partnerships with third party experts who help suppliers address the root causes of non compliance though remediation and training programs.

Our remediation strategy leverages a compliance management systems approach to diagnose problems, enable critical thinking and drive facility ownership.

As a part of this strategy, we created three third party remediation programs targeting the unique needs of suppliers.

The remediation programs are geared toward building knowledge and capabilities while recognizing that suppliers have different levels of experience with these types of assessments.

For Tier 1 finished goods suppliers’ who are not meeting Foundational Expectations on any industry tool, the program focuses on capability building to help address the issues impacting the supplier rating.

Since these suppliers are used to being assessed for compliance, the overall goal is to confirm that all non compliances are remediated in a sustained manner.

This program provides an opportunity for suppliers to meet our Foundational Expectations in between industry assessments.

By the end of FY22, 37 facilities were enrolled in the program, and we expect them to successfully remediate findings in FY23.

For Tier 2 material suppliers, who are likely less used to being assessed for compliance, we worked with a third party to develop a program to provide trainings and dedicated coaching to build the capabilities unique to their needs.

The program is designed to help set the foundation of suppliers’ compliance management systems and enable issue remediation as the result.

Many Tier 2 material suppliers have more than one non compliance because they weren’t accustomed to these assessments, and we expect them to take more than a year to build the capabilities to remediate their non compliances and meet our Foundational Expectations.

Our remediation program includes both trainings and dedicated support to follow up on plans that aim to improve suppliers’ compliance management systems.

We expect to see more Tier 2 suppliers successfully meet our Foundational Expectation as they continue to set their foundations and build compliance management systems.

As of the end of FY22, 63 facilities were enrolled in this remediation program.

We also created a third party facilitated remediation program targeting the needs of distribution centers.

In scope distribution centers take part in a third party facilitated, interactive remediation program that guides them through the process of root cause analysis and the development of sustainable improvement plans for each finding.

Through this four month engagement, distribution centers demonstrated improvements on or addressed 80% of the findings.

We are also going beyond these tailored remediation programs to find opportunities to build capabilities across the supply chain that cover areas where we see trends in non compliance.

For example, in chemical management, where we continue to raise the bar on our requirements suppliers are encouraged to engage with the ZDHC Foundation Supplier to Zero program, which brings to life the ZDHC ethos and supports our industry tool approach.

The employment of foreign migrant workers specifically creates an increased risk of forced labor.

At NIKE, we believe in the Employer Pays Principle prohibiting workers from paying fees for their employment which is a critical component of a responsible supply chain and in eliminating forced labor risks in the industry and beyond.

NIKE’s approach to foreign migrant workers focuses on strengthening our standards and expectations, identifying risks, and working with global and local cross industry, multi stakeholder organizations.

Along with adopting the Employer Pays Principle, we are also a member of the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment (LGRR) an initiative of the Institute for Human Rights and Business.

We support them with their mission to drive positive change in the international recruitment industry by advocating that governments and organizations adopt the Employer Pays Principle.

We also updated our Code of Conduct and CLS to help drive clarity on our expectations of suppliers and facilities and the types of prohibited fees.

We also work to provide robust resources for suppliers to identify risks in their operations and build capabilities to recruit workers more responsibly.

This includes partnering with global and local experts to provide regional training to suppliers.

In FY22, NIKE worked with the Responsible Labor Initiative (RLI) to deliver a responsible recruitment post training program to all strategic material suppliers in Taiwan.

This six month program built on prior trainings with a series of practical coaching and consultation sessions between RLI experts and suppliers.

In the program, the suppliers developed a gap analysis of their own recruitment systems and practices and prioritized key areas of improvement.

All suppliers worked to strengthen their systems and practices in recruitment fees and recruitment agent due diligence.

They were then divided into three smaller working groups based on their other areas of focus: responsible recruitment compliance monitoring, labor contract and job advertisement.

These groups work directly with an RLI expert weekly in root cause identification, improvement plan development and implementation deployment.

The suppliers also gather monthly for learnings and best practice sharing with their top management, and suppliers are coached to conduct self evaluation of the improvements, so they have the capability to continue their improvement journey.

Since FY19, NIKE has used CUMULUS Forced Labor Screen a due diligence tool to help identify risks related to the recruitment of foreign migrant workers.

In FY22, we also expanded the use of the tool to all Tier 1 finished goods and strategic Tier 2 materials suppliers hiring foreign migrant workers in countries and regions in our extended supply chain that we have identified at heightened risk for forced labor including Malaysia, Thailand, Taiwan, Japan, Jordan, Egypt, South Korea, Mexico, Argentina, and Brazil.

In FY22, a new feature was added to the tool for verification of recruitment fee payment and reimbursement to the foreign migrant workers.

This process helps us identify risks and opportunities, with focus on more impactful risks such as recruitment fees, to further support suppliers and their recruiting agents in implementing best practices.

It also helps us continue to evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of the programs put in place to address and minimize risks related to forced labor.

Addressing complex and critical human rights risks, like forced labor, often requires industry collaboration, which is why we continue to work with multi stakeholder and external organizations such as the FLA and the ILO’s Better Work program to address labor risks in our supply chain.

Through these partnerships, we are able to address a wider range of human rights risks, including those related to forced labor.

In FY22, we supported Better Work’s delivery of trainings to workers at several suppliers in Jordan, focused on topics like mental well being, sexual harassment prevention and workplace communication.

In FY21, NIKE began a Strategic Partnership Program with Issara Institute with the kick off of Issara Worker Voice program at all Tier 1 finished goods and Tier 2 material suppliers operating in Thailand that employ foreign migrant workers.

This work focuses on empowering suppliers to strengthen human resources systems to address issues and build trust with workers while focusing on issues impacting foreign migrant workers.

In FY22, 243 calls were received through Issara Worker Voice’s multilingual hotline channel.

These calls focus on areas such as working conditions, employer employee communications and relations, and labor recruitment.

Issara works with the suppliers in sharing workers’ concerns anonymously, providing support and follow up throughout each supplier’s improvement progress.

In FY22, NIKE expanded our partnership with Issara Institute by launching their Foreign Migrant Workers assessment survey in a factory in Thailand.

This survey assesses gaps in the foreign migrant worker recruitment process, implementation of the Employer Pays Principle and working conditions.

In FY23, we plan to expand the survey to other Thailand facilities employing foreign migrant workers.

Leaders discuss priorities during a shift change at a Chang Shin footwear facility in Indonesia.

Climate change is impacting athletes around the world.

We see it in flooded football pitches and drought parched fields, in the limited practice times of the young people we coach.

We believe that we, along with our industry, have a responsibility to reduce our impact on the planet.

That’s why we’re reimagining how we make products through the lens of sustainability and circularity.

We’re focused on using recycled materials, creating more durable materials, using better chemistry and making products that are easier to refurbish or recycle.

We take the same innovative approach to reducing impact across our entire value chain from the way we manufacture and distribute products to the way we operate our offices, stores and distribution centers.

Reducing impact isn’t enough though we acknowledge the importance of creating positive impact through efforts such as water restoration.

We are radically reimagining our materials, production methods and processes.

We know we must commit to innovating solutions that help protect the planet, and with it, the future of sport.

Climate change takes collective action, so we’re working across our industry and beyond to lower our shared impact.

We are not waiting for solutions we are helping to create them.

The longer I am a professional footballer, the clearer it becomes that sport has the power to open hearts and change minds.

Even when I’ve chosen to sit out from international football to make a statement about gender disparity in football, I never saw it as time that I was giving with up, but rather time I was investing for tomorrow.

If we get equality right Ada Hegerberg today, the future for women, girls and, frankly, everyone else is much better.

That’s actually the reason I opted out of playing for the Norwegian national team in 2017, over the clear unequal treatment of the women’s team versus the men’s.

Equality isn’t the only thing that will ensure a better future for sport.

When soaring temperatures force the cancelation of football matches, it’s youth teams who are left with nowhere to play.

And extreme weather creates dangerous playing conditions that increase likelihood of injury.

I think it’s pretty simple: If you love football... if you love sport, you need to care about our collective playing field our planet.

I think it’s pretty simple if you love sport, you need to care about our collective playing field our planet.

The longer I am a professional footballer, the clearer it becomes that sport has the power to open hearts and change minds.

Even when I’ve chosen to sit out from international football to make a statement about gender disparity in football, I never saw it as time that I was giving up, but rather time I was investing for tomorrow.

If we get equality right today, the future for women, girls and, frankly, everyone else is much better.

That’s actually the reason I opted out of playing for the Norwegian national team in 2017, over the clear unequal treatment of the women’s team versus the men’s.

Equality isn’t the only thing that will ensure a better future for sport.

When soaring temperatures force the cancellation of football matches, it’s youth teams who are left with nowhere to play.

And extreme weather creates dangerous playing conditions that increase likelihood of injury.

I think it’s pretty simple: If you love football... if you love sport, you need to care about our collective playing field our planet.

The more people and brands we have standing up, wanting to move all parts of athletics in the right direction, the more impact we can have, this is why NIKE’s commitment to social and environmental equity is so important to me.

Together, we need to ensure that the future is one where sport accounts for all genders in an equitable, affirming and environmentally responsible way.

To keep us on a path toward a better future, I promise to keep having meaningful conversations and to push my sport to lead by example.

Globally, our owned and operated facilities are an important part of managing our impact.

While small compared to NIKE’s overall footprint including supply chain and materials, we have direct (through ownership) or indirect (through lease) control of energy use in over 1,000 facilities.

In FY15, we set our RE100 commitment to reach 100% renewable electricity by 2025 in NIKE corporate offices, distribution centers, Air MI and retail locations.

This has been a primary contributor to the emission reductions we’ve seen thus far.

We focus internal planning and resources toward supporting new renewable electricity project development.

We continue to build our experience and expertise in the renewables space while supporting our supply chain and expanding into other forms of Scope 1 decarbonization.

Due to our renewable electricity procurement, Scope 2 market based emissions have dropped significantly.

At baseline, Scope 2 emissions comprised 75% of this target in FY22 for the first time ever, Scope 1 emissions exceed Scope 2 (now 33%).

Office closures (due to COVID 19 and building construction) and energy efficiency work also contributed to these reductions.

Natural gas use and related emissions increased in Air MI and distribution centers due to spikes in cold weather and increased ventilation due to COVID 19 operating requirements.

Since our initial assessment of our overall energy footprint, NIKE has worked to improve energy efficiency of our operations.

NIKE seeks a variety of energy saving opportunities, but prioritizes projects at locations with high electricity consumption and opportunities for energy efficiency upgrades.

NIKE has sizable onsite renewable electricity projects at large scale distribution centers in Belgium and China, with onsite solar in the U.S., Vietnam and Mexico.

Renewable electricity use drives the majority of reductions of this target.

We have secured renewable electricity globally through power purchase agreements (PPAs), virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs), onsite projects at six distribution centers, green power purchasing contracts, and by securing unbundled Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) in select markets as a bridge solution.

We progressively adopt renewable electricity in locations where we have a large load and where marketplace solutions are available.

In countries without feasible solutions, we pursue other options as bridge solutions while we continue to explore and advocate for better options for procuring renewable electricity.

Where we have a small, dispersed footprint, NIKE began purchasing unbundled EACs. We sourced such certificates in 15 countries, making up 22% of our overall renewable electricity footprint.

We also continue to collaborate with the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), U.S. Department of State, as well as other global brands to support the Vietnam government’s launch of a new renewable electricity program.

Toward the end of FY22, NIKE became a founding member of the Asia Clean Energy Coalition (ACEC), a collaboration of renewable energy buyers, developers, and financiers to strategically shift policy in key Asian national and regional markets41.

We continue to monitor our energy and carbon growth trajectories alongside business planning to develop more accurate forecasts for our energy needs and understand emerging solutions while balancing cost, risk and additionality.

In 2016 we entered a direct power purchase agreement (DPPA) for the electricity we use at our WHQ in Oregon, which is powered from wind farms in the nearby Columbia River Gorge, and have further expanded similar initiatives.

We have large scale VPPAs at wind farms in Texas and Spain, which give us the renewable electricity for our consolidated loads in the U.S. and Canada, and across Europe.

In Japan, NIKE distribution centers secured 100% renewable electricity through green power purchasing contracts.

In Greater China, we developed a project to expand renewable electricity coverage onsite with new wind turbines adding to the existing rooftop solar power at the Greater China Logistics Center for FY23.

With estimated production of 14,000 MWh per year, the new wind project is expected to bring renewable electricity coverage at the facility to 100%.

We deliver energy management and efficiency projects by type of building and part of the business.

Distribution Centers We completed an LED light retrofit project at the North American Logistics Center facility in FY22.

Retail NIKE piloted energy management systems that allow stores to see actual energy use in real time and adjust operations to reduce energy use.

In FY23, NIKE expects to scale implementation with European stores in Italy, the U.K., Germany, Poland and France among the first stores globally to enroll.

In addition to operating systems and controls, NIKE is addressing energy use through design, build and retrofitting with more energy efficient choices.

These include heating and ventilation systems and LED lighting.

NIKE has expanded its commitment to LEED standards for new and remodeled stores.

To date, 31% of NIKE owned retail stores are LEED certified.

Offices FY22 was a transition year for our HQ facilities globally.

We began the year with low on campus attendance as our workforce continued working from home.

Building efficiency programs assured that facilities were operating at the lowest energy possible, while meeting the needs of those who continued or returned onsite.

We conducted energy audits in FY22, with staff prepared to leverage efficiency findings as we welcomed athletes back to campus.

While we observed upticks in carbon and waste compared to FY21, our impact metrics remain significantly below the FY20 baseline.

Natural gas emissions at our HQ facilities increased 13% compared to FY21 but landed 24% below the FY20 baseline.

Across buildings and offices at WHQ, early FY22 energy and emissions reductions can be credited to the Building Turn Down programs.

We deployed strategic energy management programs, achieving energy reduction through regular data analysis and controls optimization.

Together, these measures led to 15% energy cost savings from reductions in electricity and natural gas usage.

Air MI Facilities Our facilities remained open through COVID 19, with enhanced operating procedures requiring increased ventilation.

Heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems (HVAC) increased energy use as they pulled in additional external air.

Corporate Jets NIKE’s fleet management program for aviation is pursuing the National Business Aviation Association’s Sustainable Flight Department Accreditation to achieve sustainability practices across our operations.

The home base sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) program is well established and NIKE aims to begin purchasing fuel from the SAF program monthly in FY23.

Fleet We have made strides in fleet electrification, addressing the greatest concentration of fleet vehicles and planning for new solutions where fewer vehicles are needed.

In EMEA, we’re transitioning 300 fleet vehicles to electric at distribution centers.

At our WHQ campus in Oregon, we launched the process to develop a dedicated EV charging lot with 50 ports to serve our fleet vehicles, which will help us transition to a fully electric fleet.

This builds on our existing 135 on campus EV charging locations for our fleet, and more than 1,500 registered employee users.

Because we’re working on future product innovations, we rely on data to guide us and our intuition.

If something shows promise, then we start testing and iterating.

In that sense, both data and emotion are crucial to how we approach new technologies.

My job is to find and nurture ideas, Namrata Amin explains, it’s finding the seeds, nurturing them, making them into little saplings and then planting them into the industry as trees.

She knows growth requires two things: a positive environment and consistent care.

As Senior Director, Material Innovation, Namrata puts this ethos into practice as the leader of a team of apparel innovators at NIKE World Headquarters in Oregon.

Namrata started her career working with heritage handloom textiles in India.

At the heart of her passion for textiles was a deep respect for our world, for what she calls the higher level of creative unity of our planet.

Namrata’s role at NIKE connects to this ethos, as she is charged with innovating new and next generation materials solutions in four areas of impact for NIKE: carbon, waste, water and chemistry.

Namrata is inspired by the belief that sustainability needs to evolve from a purely technical space to an emotional and behavioural one.

At NIKE, Namrata has witnessed the impact of aligning values with action.

When we feel in our bodies that this is our planet to nurture, together, she tells us, that’s when we’re empowered to act for our collective future.

Some of the most exciting mornings start with innovation meetings.

This is when the whole team gets together to share new ideas.

Everyone’s invited because the next great innovation could come from anyone on the team.

At every meeting, we remind each other that there will always be more failures than successes in our role.

So much of my work is about building relationships and trust, listening to new ideas and giving feedback.

Our challenge is to find those rare innovations that are really going to make athletes’ lives better.

My team works on environmentally preferred materials.

We’re seeing a huge surge in demand for more responsible apparel, and that’s exciting because there’s a lot we can do.

Creating a cohesive culture is key to successful innovation.

Most afternoons, I’ll meet one on one with my team to check in on their progress and discuss challenges.

But I’ve learned that good leadership is more organic than scheduled meetings.

It’s the way I greet people in the morning or ask questions in a meeting.

For me, showing up and supporting my team is being excited to meet people where they are.

After we meet on future innovation, there’s important work to be done tending to our ongoing projects.

NIKE Forward was my team’s biggest launch in 2022.

Our aim was to reduce our carbon and water footprint by completely rethinking the way we make textiles.

We took an existing tool in the textile industry (needlepunch machines) and applied it to sportswear with a brand new approach to assembling fibers and creating apparel textiles.

That game changing non woven textile was 5 years in the making because at every stage we had to make sure we were applying principles of sustainability, and that we weren’t cutting corners when it came to water or carbon.

Because I work with manufacturers all over the world, I spend a lot of time traveling.

I might be visiting our team of innovators based in Greater China, who work with our partners overseas to bring ideas and concepts to life.

In fact, I just got back from Sri Lanka, where I worked with our factory partners to align strategy for our next cycle.

It can be hard to cut off completely during the week.

I’m immersed in this experience of material iteration: being with experimenters and innovators, that’s my happy place.

But on weekends, I switch off completely no phone calls, no emails, nothing.

And Bollywood movies, bad ones as much as the classics.

At the end of every week, every Friday afternoon, I carve out time for reflection: How did we work as a team Was there a moment someone felt they didn’t belong that I could have done something differently as a leader It’s a dialogue with myself.

I build a bank of observations, make notes and look back over longer periods.

That shows me patterns and tells me a story of what’s going on.

I also do a lot of reflection with other people, whether it’s with my life coach or my NIKE mentor.

As you grow in leadership, it can get lonely in a strange way.

My coach and mentor are guides I can bounce ideas around.

My mentor brings so much experience to our conversations.

They’ve had some of the experiences I’m having now, so they are able to ask me questions that will help me grow as a leader.

That kind of empathy is very nurturing: it’s helping me to become a better version of myself, for me and for my team.

Reducing emissions from manufacturing and transportation is critical for NIKE to meet its 2030 Scope 3 science based emission reduction target and its longer term 2050 target.

It’s also critical to our visions of a responsible and resilient extended supply chain, which accounts for over 90% of the company’s greenhouse gas footprint with finished goods and materials manufacturing accounting for over 30% and logistics roughly 10%.

Under business as usual scenarios, absolute emissions are anticipated to rise therefore, we must push beyond incremental reductions and unlock transformative solutions in the supply chain.

In order to achieve our goals in this space, we have to accelerate the use of alternative fuels.

I’m filled with optimism, humility and gratitude that the work I am doing directly drives change to create the best possible tomorrow.

One of the foundations of NIKE’s efficiency work with suppliers is the NIKE Energy Minimum Program, which brings organizational capabilities, data analytics and energy management activities to contract manufacturers.

Additionally, NIKE works with suppliers to scale key opportunities that are likely to have the greatest impact on their unique energy and carbon footprint.

We are also working to create better methods to track the energy and emissions impact of specific activities in the value chain, which will empower NIKE to make better data driven decisions for a future lower carbon product supply chain.

At NIKE, we have a long history of working toward shared sustainability targets across our supply chain.

Our programs help drive operational efficiencies and energy savings among our owned and operated facilities, as well as with suppliers and transportation providers.

This helps us build operational resilience across the value chain for a future where climate impacts will become more apparent.

Across the supply chain, our strategies are focused on the areas that offer the greatest near term opportunities to reduce emissions.

Our strategies include building engagement models and supplier capacity programs that enhance supplier ambition, action and resiliency over the long term.

To amplify our impact, we are also leveraging industry groups across shared supply chains.

A Shenzhou facility in Vietnam has replaced a centralized coal fired boiler system with electric boilers, greatly reducing GHG emissions.

Costs of onsite solar installations have fallen to the point where they are often less expensive than grid purchased electricity, thus offering financial savings for suppliers while also reducing their carbon footprint.

Onsite solar PV can typically cover up to 15% of electricity requirements at supplier facilities and can be scaled fairly quickly across sites, thus making it a major component of our renewable energy strategy with suppliers.

Since 2019, NIKE has offered an onsite solar PV consulting program to suppliers in key markets including China, Vietnam and Indonesia.

Through the program, NIKE has provided suppliers with technical advice and assistance, helping to reduce risk for suppliers during the contracting process and make the business case for these investments.

During FY22, suppliers signed contracts for 96 MW of new onsite solar.

Since NIKE started the program, 190 MW of rooftop solar has been contracted at 64 facilities in NIKE’s supply chain.

Due to the onsite solar PV program, NIKE’s manufacturing base avoided 16,400 MT of CO2e in FY22.

Rooftop solar projects, which are concentrated in Vietnam, Greater China and Thailand, have helped suppliers grow their rooftop solar capacity42 by 184% from FY20 to FY21 and 69% from FY21 to FY22.

Policy barriers have slowed the pace of adoption of renewable energy in FY22 in countries that don’t have regulatory frameworks in place.

NIKE is working with energy regulators to advocate for better policies that support additional onsite solar installations.

We will expand our work with onsite solar programs in new geographies in FY23.

In 2022, manufacturing supplier Shenzhou significantly grew their rooftop solar capacity in Vietnam.

Rooftop solar capacity increases based on signed contracts between suppliers and solar developers.

While suppliers are making significant emissions reductions through deployment of onsite solar PV, facilitating access to offsite renewable electricity will offer even greater opportunities for suppliers to reduce their emissions footprints.

In FY22, NIKE began developing a Renewable Electricity Procurement Guide for suppliers to support their transition to cleaner electricity.

NIKE is also working with a cross industry group of multinationals to support capability building for suppliers across Asia.

Additionally, NIKE is exploring policy frameworks to support offsite procurement across our sourcing regions and encouraging suppliers to take advantage of those opportunities where they exist.

In FY22, through collaboration with the Clean Energy Investment Accelerator (CEIA), NIKE helped facilitate a bundled Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) agreement between Indonesia’s state owned electricity company and local suppliers.

The program enables suppliers to purchase a verified and traceable source of renewable electricity at a fixed, competitive price for 10 15 years.

NIKE anticipates that a market based solution, such as a corporate power purchase agreement mechanism, could take years to develop in this market.

The bundled REC program offers a good interim solution since buyers will be purchasing local energy, helping to encourage additional local development of renewable energy.

This initiative will significantly reduce factories’ carbon emissions from their electricity consumption.

We anticipate supplier participation will result in over 55% reduction in carbon footprint from electricity in Indonesia and 10% across the manufacturing source base.

The impact could grow as factories in Indonesia increase their volume of electricity purchased in the program.

In most of our major markets, NIKE suppliers do not have the ability to procure cleaner electricity through mechanisms that are considered most beneficial in terms of pricing, complexity and impact such as direct power purchase agreements.

We are continuing to advocate for government policy frameworks supporting offsite procurement mechanisms in these major markets.

Along with a dozen other multinational companies, NIKE supported the launch of the Asia Clean Energy Coalition (ACEC) in FY22.

The coalition seeks to align the world’s leading cleaner energy buyers, project developers and financiers to help policy makers, utilities and energy regulators innovate and deploy cost effective cleaner technologies across the Asia Pacific region.

Through the ACEC, NIKE representatives sat down with Indonesia’s national utility at the B20 in Bali in November 2022 to share our priorities on corporate renewable electricity procurement in Indonesia.

In Vietnam, NIKE has collaborated with the USAID’s Vietnam Low Emission Energy Program (V LEEP) to advocate for policy supporting the government’s renewable energy DPPA pilot since 2018.

Although the launch of the DPPA pilot continues to be delayed, NIKE has actively engaged with the Vietnamese government to show multinational business support for the finalization of the program and continues to push for that engagement through the ACEC and other platforms.

NIKE also supports the U.S. State Department’s Clean Energy Demand Initiative (CEDI), which encourages countries and companies to work together to advance shared clean energy goals by leveraging corporate clean energy commitments.

NIKE signed letters of intent to procure renewable electricity in key sourcing countries and has engaged with CEDI leaders to highlight policy issues we would like to see raised with government officials.

NIKE has also shown leadership in policy engagement though USAID’s Corporate Clean Energy Alliance, a coalition of businesses working with governments across Southeast Asia to facilitate the rapid deployment of cleaner energy.

Through a growing suite of renewable electricity solutions, NIKE hopes to continue accelerating supplier emissions reductions toward meeting long term climate targets.

Prior to 2020, NIKE ran a program to eliminate and optimize centralized steam boiler systems across finished goods manufacturing.

Coal fired steam boilers typically were replaced with a more efficient electric heating process, contributing to a 10% reduction in energy consumption per pair of footwear manufactured between 2015 and 2020.

By the end of FY21, all in scope supplier coal use was eliminated across footwear and apparel finished goods manufacturing.

Through the UN Fashion Charter, NIKE and participating brands have a goal to eliminate coal from finished goods and material suppliers by 2030.

In materials manufacturing, the transition from coal to other sources of energy is more challenging given the higher heat requirements in that segment of the supply chain.

To encourage more sustainable fuel use in thermal processing of materials, NIKE joined seven other brands in our industry with the Apparel Impact Institute to explore options for coal elimination across the industry.

Through this initiative, NIKE co chaired a working group that developed coal phase out plans for 48 boilers at 17 facilities across Vietnam including five supplier facilities.

Beyond Vietnam, nearly all suppliers have plans in place to meet this target.

NIKE continues to seek options to pilot new thermal technologies through our engagement in the Renewable Thermal Collaborative.

Additionally, NIKE’s Innovation teams are considering a whole suite of cross cutting technology solutions that may deliver long term emissions reductions in materials manufacturing.

At the beginning of every five year target period, NIKE works with manufacturing suppliers to set both five year and annual targets to help achieve longer term goals.

NIKE field teams regularly analyze supplier emission performance data and help suppliers meet their 2025 targets by identifying locations that are not keeping pace with their commitments.

As suppliers’ own climate programs have matured, their respective targets have evolved from energy intensity to carbon intensity, and many prioritize absolute carbon emissions reductions in alignment with NIKE’s 2030 Science Based Target.

The NIKE Supplier Climate Action Program (SCAP) is a critical component of supplier engagement work, supporting ambitious climate action for new layers of the supply chain.

Eleven manufacturing suppliers belonging to the Supplier Sustainability Council (SSC) in FY22 accounted for up to 65% of strategic supplier emissions.

These suppliers have set Scope 1 and Scope 2 science aligned targets for 2030.

In collaboration with the SSC, NIKE will create a joint climate action plan to serve as a roadmap for collective emissions reduction pathway over the next 10 years.

SSC members helped to pilot this program, which is expected to be rolled out to all strategic manufacturing suppliers.

Suppliers often face difficulty obtaining financing to invest in decarbonization solutions.

NIKE is working with the International Finance Corporation’s (IFC) Global Trade Supplier Finance (GTSF) program, to provide competitive financing rates to eligible suppliers based on their performance against our Foundational Expectations.

At a Far Eastern textile facility in Vietnam, biomass is replacing coal in steam boiler systems.

Transportation Industry Decarbonization To engage our logistics service providers on decarbonization solutions in FY22, NIKE continued to be active in the industry groups Clean Cargo and the Sustainable Air Freight Alliance.

Both groups are business to business leadership initiatives involving major brands, inbound air and ocean carriers, and freight forwarders dedicated to promoting responsible shipping practices.

Additionally, NIKE continued driving positive change in the logistics industry with our Supply Chain Sustainability Index (SCSI), an evaluative framework that sets clear and consistent sustainability expectations for NIKE logistics service providers.

FY22 was the sixth consecutive year that our inbound air and ocean providers have participated in the SCSI process.

NIKE is working to enhance its supply chain climate resilience by integrating considerations for climate risk into enterprise sourcing and planning.

This includes considering risks to water scarcity, clean energy supply, grid stability and rising temperatures.

NIKE plans to assess key climate risks to the workforce in its extended supply chain over the next 10 15 years.

We’ll assess the impact of climate risks on individual workers’ health and productivity, as well as how those risks impact our operations.

This research will consider the disparities in exposure, and the sensitivity and adaptive capacity of workers based on location, gender, and other demographic factors with gender as a crucial dimension to our assessment.

Air Freight In FY22, we continued to see low inbound air freight usage (from manufacturing facilities to destination distribution centers).

While there was a small increase in inbound air freight usage from FY21 to FY22, air freight was still well below our pre pandemic levels.

We continued to help ensure internal controls and best practices are in place.

NIKE aims to keep inbound air freight usage low for future years.

In North America, we reduced our digital outbound air freight usage (from distribution centers to digital consumers) by 10 percentage points year over year.

We achieved this through cross functional initiatives like fulfillment optimization, expansion of our regional service centers, the implementation of our No Rush sustainable shipping option and the discontinuation of our free two day shipping upgrade program.

Together, these initiatives resulted in a 23% reduction of CO2e unit for purchases made through nike.com in North America in FY22.

Alternative Transportation Fuels NIKE is working closely with our logistics transportation providers to expand the use of electric vehicles as well as lower carbon fuels in ocean, air, and road freight.

In FY22, approximately 6% of our inbound ocean shipments benefited from the use of sustainably certified biofuels, reducing our inbound transportation emissions by approximately 15,000 MT CO2e.

We engaged in ocean transportation biofuel pilots in FY22 and laid the foundation with an aim to scale up our ocean biofuel program in FY23.

In EMEA, we continued expanding the use of hydro treated vegetable oil a biofuel derived from vegetable oil oils in outbound logistics (from distribution centers to final destinations).

Hydro treated vegetable oil can deliver an 85 90% carbon savings compared to traditional fossil fuels and can be used in conventional diesel engines.

In FY22, 100% of our outbound linehaul deliveries to the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden were on trucks using hydro treated vegetable oil.

While electric heavy duty trucks are still a relatively new innovation in long haul trucking, they are an important next step in reducing transportation emissions.

In FY22, NIKE started piloting the use of electric heavy duty trucks for long distance outbound deliveries in Belgium, helping to reduce carbon emissions by more than 45% compared to conventional fuel heavy duty trucks.

By focusing on improving the environmental impact of materials within our products, we have the opportunity to implement sustainable innovations throughout our products and work toward our emissions reduction target at scale.

Additionally, we have continued to evolve how we think about our roadmap for new foams.

Examples include bio based replacements of traditional fossil based foams, as well as new foams that utilize less energy intensive methods of make.

Most of our efforts are placed on replacing materials with the largest impact.

For footwear, we continue to focus on improving specific, high volume materials (polyester, rubber and leather), through significant efforts to increase the use of recycled versions of these materials and developing the necessary business strategies to support their use at scale.

Innovation will be increasingly important, focusing on circular and new recycling methods and material types that meet our product and consumer requirements.

NIKE is well ahead of our recycled polyester plan in both footwear and apparel.

We have made significant progress toward our leather target since last year’s report but are still tracking behind our goal for rubber.

Polyester, cotton and a blend of the two are responsible for most of the material used by NIKE Apparel and its carbon footprint.

Our focus is to drive impact at scale in reducing our carbon footprint and selecting better materials.

We are concentrating our efforts on material conversions to recycled polyester and recycled and organic cotton on our largest volume materials and products, which requires cross functional collaboration from Innovation and Supply Chain to Marketing and our consumers at retail.

Two years into our five year journey to 2025, our focus on key materials with scalable options that can drive impact at scale has enabled NIKE to make tremendous progress toward our carbon reduction targets.

NIKE is ahead of its recycled polyester plan in apparel and continues to see excellent momentum through the teams to convert more materials and products.

Apparel is on track for its organic cotton plan, but slightly behind in recycled cotton.

NIKE continues to explore plans to increase recycled cotton usage and close this gap in future years.

Polyester, found in nearly every pair of NIKE footwear, is a core material due to its performance and durability.

Because polyester is such a versatile and widely used material in NIKE footwear, it is also the primary option to focus on transitioning to recycled polyester at scale, as it can be replaced with little to no compromise to material performance, aesthetic and hand feel.

In FY22, we saw a 10 percentage points increase for recycled polyester in apparel compared to 38% in FY21.

NIKE continues to convert global sports kits that are showcased on the biggest stages around the world in federation kits for Global Football, including the kits for the Women’s European Championship, and WNBA and NBA basketball uniforms.

We are also driving tremendous scale with the conversion of most of our apparel icons the Legend Tee and Club Fleece to recycled polyester.

At the end of FY22, recycled polyester made up 46% of NIKE Footwear’s total polyester usage, up from 28% the previous year.

Progress was driven by our focus on foundational polyester based materials that cut across our product portfolio, such as laces, linings and reinforcements.

In addition, we have prioritized converting textiles and yarns to recycled polyester used in our business volume drivers (such as the Better Essentials collection and the Downshifter 12) and iconic silhouettes (such as Air Max).

While we have made great progress in our journey toward recycled polyester, we still have more work to accomplish and have plans in place to continue to convert our top materials and products.

Our Innovation teams are researching closed loop alternatives like feedstock or chemically recycled polyester44, as well as bio based versions to further improve NIKE’s polyester footprint and work toward a circular future.

The output may be reused for polymerisation into new plastics for the production of other chemicals or as an alternative fuel.

Dong Jin Textile in Indonesia knits fabric for footwear from recycled polyester.

Cotton remains an important material for NIKE Apparel.

Demand for cotton continues to grow due to our focus on sport lifestyle products and increased interest for both t shirts and fleece.

Our organic cotton usage is supported mainly through a 10% blending program across most of our cotton materials.

This usage and strategy places NIKE among the top users of organic cotton globally.

FY22 was the beginning of our cross functional recycled cotton strategy to establish priorities and build roadmaps and plans.

We now have a strategic plan for conversions of major materials and products that will consist of blends of recycled cotton that should reach the consumer in the near future.

We are supplementing our cotton portfolio of organic and recycled cotton with third party certified cotton.

We are planning even more adoption and capabilities in FY24 and beyond as we increase our recycled cotton usage and our closed loop recycling rates, as well as reducing waste at Tier 1 suppliers.

Rubber is the key outsole traction material used across NIKE footwear as such, our goal is to reduce how much rubber we use.

We aim to move to high recycled percentage formulations that maintain material benefits while lowering environmental impact.

In parallel, we’re innovating ways to reduce the amount of rubber used through additive design and manufacturing while also exploring other materials and methods to replicate the performance of rubber at a lower impact.

NIKE Footwear aims to achieve our 2025 goal of 10% recycled rubber but broad use in lifestyle models has been limited.

Progress to date has been driven by using recycled rubber formulations primarily on Running and Global Football models and Kids Performance products.

In the future, we want to standardize those formulations across footwear including high volume lifestyle products.

We are working across our Innovation and Manufacturing teams and rubber compound suppliers to unlock high recycled content rubber options that meet our design and durability expectations.

Converse is tracking toward 10% recycled rubber across all footwear by 2025.

Converse has introduced several key programs in FY22 using its Grind process that depending on footwear style and rubber color is able to incorporate approximately 22% 40% reclaimed reused rubber scraps from the manufacturing process back into select outsoles.

Converse aims to incorporate the Grind process across additional product lines, while continuing to explore new processes that would allow for higher contents of non virgin rubber45.

Leather is one of the highest impact materials for both carbon emissions and waste across the footwear and apparel industry.

On the other hand, it also provides value in product durability and longevity.

Due to the consumer preference for classic NIKE leather icons such as the triple white Air Force 1, Air Jordan 1, Blazer and Court Vision, leather models continued to outpace the growth of the rest of NIKE Footwear.

To meet consumer demand while reaching our 2025 target we want to use the lowest impact materials available from the best in class suppliers.

Our plan for 2025 is to decarbonize our portfolio of leather materials by shifting our sourcing toward those materials that are measurably lower impact (for carbon emission and waste) than average.

In FY22, we have partnered with key suppliers to measure their impacts across the full value chain, from farm to factory, to inform our sourcing and identify opportunities for additional impact reduction across the supply chain.

We continue to explore other alternatives for leather from non animal sources and scale the use of synthetic and recycled synthetic leather in our key essentials.

We are also maintaining our standards, and require 100% of our leather suppliers to be members in good standing with Leather Working Group.

We continue to explore ways to help grow our sustainable cotton percentage in alignment with the expanded measurement scope.

Cotton and polyester data includes NIKE Brand footwear, apparel and socks, and Converse footwear and apparel.

Rubber, EVA foam and leather data includes NIKE Brand footwear only.

Total material use reflects EPM and conventional materials.

As we have shifted data sources to enable more inclusive scope of measurement in our 2025 targets, our percentage has dropped.

We continue to explore ways to help grow our organic, recycled and third party certified cotton percentage in alignment with the expanded measurement scope.

Cotton and polyester data includes NIKE Brand footwear, apparel and socks, and Converse footwear and apparel.

Rubber, EVA foam and leather data includes NIKE Brand footwear only.

Recycled EVA foam dropped due to methodological shifts in underlying data, combined with key suppliers of recycled EVA being offline several months due to COVID.

Non virgin rubber is defined as rubber scrap from Converse factories or scrap from the NIKE supply chain.

We talk about the obstacles we’ve overcome and how we build strength from these experiences.

Failure is such a scary word, but I think it’s essential to growth.

The beauty of the Global Leadership Development Program is that we’re given space to learn from each other.

If one of us solves a problem, we all benefit and can share that knowledge with our wider teams.

Communication between North America and Asia is essential to my role.

I might start early for a breakfast meeting with my Global Leadership Development Program (GLDP) cohort here in Beaverton, but also have a late call to speak with one of our teammates in Asia.

Because of the time difference, I need to be able to work flexibly: it’s not your typical 9 to 5.

I always start the day with yoga, to begin with a really fresh mind.

For me, it’s as much about mental as physical health.

If I’m struggling with an idea, I can take that with me on my run, refresh it and address it in a different way.

Sometimes, I have a very specific problem to solve like identifying external speakers who can bring inspiration and learnings to NIKE and our suppliers in the Supplier Sustainability Council (SSC).

Other times, it’s much broader in scope, such as the 2030 Vision for the SSC.

In this rotation, I’ve been investigating ways to scale impact across the supply chain by working with suppliers and industry associations.

For example, I start by asking: What opportunities are there for us to accelerate this work What programs are we currently implementing with suppliers How can we collaborate pre competitively with the industry to amplify impact I will carry these questions through the rest of my day, whether I’m in a meeting with NIKE teammates or on my run.

When we talk about supply chain, she says, we’re talking about people.

Thuy has been driving impact for NIKE for more than 16 years starting in Vietnam.

Originally from Hanoi, for Thuy this work is personal.

A majority of NIKE’s manufacturing footprint is in Vietnam.

Whether she’s working on programs that help get kids active or advancing policy engagement to expand renewable energy, she’s driving impact for her community.

Thuy was invited to relocate to NIKE World Headquarters in 2020 and later joined a supply chain leadership development program.

Now in her third rotation of four, she is focused on creating the 2030 vision for NIKE’s Supplier Sustainability Council, which advances programs around climate action and gender equity beyond NIKE’s footprint.

NIKE’s extended supply chain, with over 1.2 million workers, is made up of mostly women.

When we talk about our vision for the future of sustainability with suppliers, we’re talking about women.

Thuy makes sure the team has one foot in the future with the other firmly grounded in community because this work isn’t about supply chain it’s about people.

When I begin a new six month rotation, the most important thing is building trust and understanding the team I’m working with.

To be a good leader, you have to be committed to learning all the time.

One person I’ve learned a lot from is Marine Graham, Vice President of Responsible Supply Chain.

She was in the very first cohort of the GLDP, so her journey is a powerful example for me.

It’s one of those full circle moments that I’m on her team now.

More than 50% of NIKE’s footwear manufacturing and 30% of apparel manufacturing takes place in Vietnam.

One of my key responsibilities is to bring knowledge from working in the country to our global team.

I can help the team see how policies actually come to life in country within facilities and with our suppliers.

Each high performing, high potential cohort spends two years doing four six month rotations across NIKE’s supply chain teams.

Participants bring their diverse experience to each rotation.

And, we learn from each other: from how to adjust our leadership style to different cultures to how to drive action and inspire NIKE teams all over the world.

My time at NIKE World Headquarters has provided me with new ways to drive impact.

NIKE has supported my ambition to create ties between Oregon and Vietnam by approving my board position on the Oregon Vietnam Economic, Education and Cultural Association (OVEECA).

The organization, which I co founded, focuses on leveraging education, cultural and language exchange, and investing in young leaders.

We share what we did during the day, and just enjoy being together.

Because of the time difference, after work is a good time to call family and friends in Vietnam.

If I call my best friend in Ho Chi Minh City before I go to bed, that’s lunchtime for her.

Even if I work late during the week, my weekends are a time for rest and spending time with loved ones.

When you prioritize rest, you have the capacity to be there for others.

My resolution this year was to think about all the positive things I can do for other people to make them smile and laugh.

We have been working to reduce carbon emissions stemming from our business for decades, and in FY17 we committed to setting long term carbon targets aligned with the emerging consensus on climate science.

In line with the SBT initiative’s commitment criteria, we used FY15 as our baseline, calibrating the start of our 15 year SBT tracking period with the Paris Agreement50 as well as with our shorter term five year Purpose targets.

We finalized defining our SBT reduction goal in FY19, at which time we galvanized coordination company wide to start systemic changes across NIKE to advance our progress toward this ambitious goal.

Much bigger than any of NIKE’s historical carbon targets in duration, scope and ambition, our SBTs represent the first full carbon footprint targets we have set as a company.

Stretching from FY15 to FY30, they significantly exceed our standard five year Purpose target cadence.

Extending deeper into our supply chain than ever before, our SBTs address much more than our own operations under our direct influence, and goes beyond the parts of our supply chain we’ve targeted in the past it requires nothing less than extensive, disruptive innovation.

Similar to our FY25 carbon targets, our SBTs are absolute rather than relative, per unit targets.

Together, these factors render our carbon targets more difficult to achieve the more our business grows.

While our FY25 targets are designed to support our progress toward our SBTs, achieving our FY25 targets doesn’t guarantee successfully achieving our FY30 SBTs.

This highlights the criticality of deepening our work beyond the areas covered by our FY25 targets in order to accomplish our SBTs.

Scope 1 and 2 We have met our Scope 1 and 2 SBT several years early.

However, we know that maintaining these emissions reductions requires ongoing effort, and thus are actively focused on ensuring these reductions persist.

Our Scope 1 emissions continue to grow versus our FY15 baseline ( 43%) and year over year ( 9%) due to our expanding owned and operated facility portfolio combined with the limited availability of scalable, lower carbon alternatives to replace natural gas and other carbon intensive fuels.

FY22 brought momentum through procurement of sustainable aviation fuel via a regular supply to our home aviation base, and we continue to explore sources of renewable natural gas, leveraging our internal sustainable fuels policy to enable consistency in decision making.

At 93% renewable electricity adoption ( 79 percentage points compared to our FY15 baseline) via onsite solar and wind, power purchase agreements and unbundled Renewable Energy Credits, we’ve seen an 89% decrease in Scope 2 emissions against our baseline (and a 67% decrease versus FY21).

We continue to explore options to expand our renewable electricity portfolio to reach our goal of 100% renewable electricity by FY25.

Scope 3 As a growth company, decoupling our total emissions footprint from unit growth remains a critical challenge to address as we strive to reach our absolute carbon targets.

Another obstacle stems from the fact that given long product timelines, the products currently in market reflect decisions made several years ago, which creates a lag in realizing the carbon reductions due to strategies and investments made since the announcement of our SBT.

While we continue to see an increase in emissions against the FY15 baseline, this growth has slowed, as seen in our year over year reduction, indicating the impact of our long term decarbonization efforts.

To achieve our ambitious emissions reduction goal, we will focus on increasing use of EPMs, helping factories convert to use of more renewable energy and working across industries to accelerate decarbonization of fuels, packaging and other components of the value chain necessary to produce, move and sell NIKE products.

Scope 3 Performance vs. Last Year Along with these improvements in materials manufacturing driving year over year reductions, further advancements in materials used in product and packaging have also made an impact.

Within raw materials, we have augmented our emissions factors (derived from LCAs) to better reflect the reality of our material supply chain.

Some of our associated material emissions decreased due to operational and business improvements (e.g., among our primary leather suppliers), and some of our materials emissions have changed due to methodology revisions associated with more accurate materials process mapping (see Appendix for more information).

Within packaging, material emissions intensity reductions due to improvements in packaging material emissions methodologies and more accurate packaging material mapping led to a drop in overall packaging emissions.

Scope 3 Performance vs. Baseline Growth in our product offering (i.e., units) remains a primary driver in our emissions rising against the baseline, along with the continued popularity of higher carbon intensity materials in footwear (such as leather).

Additionally, the soaring emissions intensity of the electricity grid in manufacturing regions (particularly Vietnam) against the baseline has contributed to growth in our emissions footprint.

In contrast to these factors, renewable energy adoption across our finished goods manufacturers and materials dyeing and finishing suppliers, and within some raw material source countries, has helped mitigate emissions in our supply chain.

We’ve realized further reductions in apparel materials emissions due to increased efficiency and proactive management of manufacturing activities across our materials dyeing and finishing suppliers.

This has resulted in the ability to leverage direct measurements of energy consumption in textile manufacturing operations (e.g., knitting, weaving, leather tanning and non woven manufacturing) rather than solely relying on estimated data using general lifecycle assessment (LCA) emission factors.

Additionally, we’ve seen emissions from logistics continue to drop as inbound air freight remains at near historic lows for our company.

Teammates at a Far Eastern facility in Vietnam load a dye machine with fabric made from recycled polyester.

Reducing waste reduces carbon emissions, the consumption of natural resources, the strain on ecosystems and the full range of impacts associated with making and disposing of manufactured materials and products.

Preventing waste typically provides at least twice the carbon reduction and economic benefit of recycling.

At our size, scale and growth, reducing waste per unit will be essential to mitigate the total impact of our products.

I am proud of our work to reduce our carbon emissions and hungry to do more I want everyone to feel like they are part of our journey.

It is amazing to feel that at NIKE, we also influence and inspire our partners and those around us to do better, which makes the impact of our work go far beyond our own efforts.

Within apparel, we consider the material efficiency of our designs early on in our product creation and development process, which reduces waste throughout the manufacturing process.

This can be achieved through adjustments to patterns to optimize fabric yields, using lighter weight materials where possible and increasing our reliance on inherently less wasteful methods of make, such as Flyknit.

We are also working to reduce packaging both on and around our products, as well as in transportation.

In our FY21 report, we shared the challenges we had in using available data to estimate product waste.

In FY22, significant progress has been made on both data quality and accessibility, which helps us implement baseline standards and reporting in the product creation process to build more efficient designs.

We hope to share our results with suppliers in FY23.

NIKE has a holistic strategy for achieving this target that focuses on the major drivers of waste.

At its core, this strategy includes using less material and maximizing materials we use through manufacturing efficiencies and improvements, and reusing whatever we can.

We do this by using lighter materials, increasing pattern efficiencies in our material cuts and using lean 2.0 principles for continual improvement.

We measure and report on waste across our full value chain from product creation to manufacturing facilities and distribution centers.

We then set goals for reducing it and implement plans to achieve those goals in partnership with thousands of teammates across the world who are working tirelessly to contribute toward these waste reduction targets.

Eighty two percent of finished goods manufacturing waste is from footwear.

About 60% of that is from creating the upper part of shoes and 40% from making the midsole and outsole.

Most of the materials used in footwear manufacturing use petroleum or leather, both of which are environmentally intensive to produce.

We work with suppliers to minimize upper materials scrap by optimizing the size, shape and layout of parts that are cut out of upper materials.

This includes maximizing the use of leather hides, sheets of textile, synthetic leather and other materials.

We also support suppliers’ efforts to reduce midsole and outsole (bottom) defects, rubber waste and carton waste, which comprise more than 75% of the waste that suppliers can control or influence.

To reduce defects and rubber waste, we improved our lean 2.0 manufacturing systems and are scaling systems to track the sources and root causes of these waste types.

In FY22, we scaled our bottom defect tracking system to factories responsible for 50% of bottom component defect waste.

This reduced the midsole defect rate at targeted factories by 45% and prevented approximately 2.5 million kilograms of waste.

We also started to track rubber flashing waste by model at 28 targeted factories that drive 80% of this waste stream, and are strategically focusing root cause analysis on the models that drive this waste stream the most.

To reduce carton waste, we are replacing single use cardboard cartons with reusable boxes where possible.

In FY22, we continued to scale our reusable carton initiative to 12 more suppliers and 34 finished goods factories in three countries, preventing an additional 500,000 kilograms of waste per year.

With suppliers like Feng Tay, we are tracking root causes to prevent and reduce rubber waste.

NIKE’s business growth and reach to consumers across the globe requires that we move our product throughout our supply chain with care for the product and the expectations of our consumer related to cost, convenience, service, quality, and sustainability.

As a result, we constantly challenge ourselves on our waste steams to first reduce and then, once optimized, recycle.

At over 90%, corrugated cardboard used for product packaging continues to be the primary waste driver at our distribution centers.

While corrugate is a recyclable waste, its volume grows with our business.

Reducing and reusing packaging where possible before recycling it enables us to reduce the extraction of finite natural resources and the carbon and cost associated with new corrugate production.

The key process to reducing corrugate waste in our distribution centers is addressing the master outer cartons (MOCs) used to ship products from manufacturing facilities to distribution centers.

When stores order quantities that differ from the factory supplier case sizes, for example, distribution centers unpack inbound corrugated cardboard cartons and repack them in new cartons that process creates more waste.

About 45% of the outer cartons must be disposed and recycled to repack manufacturing cartons into smaller quantities for our customers.

In FY22, NIKE completed a comprehensive waste audit of its WHQ in Oregon.

We developed a targeted waste roadmap that will inform actions needed to achieve our waste reduction targets.

We identified key levers, such as promoting employee behaviors and procurement guidelines.

Then we acted on them, by enhancing centralized waste stations and introducing durable express containers in to go dining areas to reduce disposable containers.

In FY22, we cut the weight of footwear MOCs by 24%, for over 30% of our footwear MOC portfolio, and removed 770,000 kilograms of corrugate weight shipped from factory suppliers.

We plan to continue scaling this effort in FY23 targeting apparel and accessory MOCs in addition to footwear MOCs.

With the return to workplace at our headquarters (HQs) around the world, we were challenged to reintroduce and strengthen sustainable behaviors.

We determined that the most effective way to achieve our waste goals was to produce and procure less waste.

As NIKE’s business grows, it’s critical that we decouple this growth from a dependence on constrained natural resources by keeping materials circulating at their highest value.

Our diversion and recycling targets represent our goal to operate a responsible supply chain and circular systems that maximize material reuse and recycling while minimizing value loss and diverting waste more responsibly in the communities where we work and make our products.

Our strategy for reaching this goal is focused on minimizing waste generation, increasing reuse and recycling, and recovering energy from waste that can’t be prevented, reused or recycled at this time.

I am happy to see we can change the way people look at waste together and influence their behavior by showing them how we turn waste into valuable material.

Diverted waste: Includes waste to energy incineration, recycled waste, and composted waste.

Recycled waste: Includes recycled and composted waste.

In FY22, we achieved 100% diversion of waste to landfill in apparel and continued 100% diversion in footwear for the second year.

Recycling rates increased to 54% in footwear and to 87% in apparel in FY22, helping us move one step closer to our ambition for full circularity.

Some materials are harder to recycle than others, with few scaled recycling options for mixed materials.

Through our Foundation for Excellence Program with suppliers, we can help them segregate, handle and store their scrap materials according to our high standards to maximize their marketability.

We have seen local markets emerge and evolve in response to the constant availability of these high quality, sorted materials particularly in the countries where most of our manufacturing scrap is generated.

We are also actively working with suppliers, along with third parties, to identify promising recycling innovations and operators for our highest volume and highest impact materials for the future.

Globally, we face a critical lack of scaled, in market recycling technologies and quality operators located near our manufacturing locations that can process the full range of waste materials our product supply chain generates into usable feedstock for new products.

We know that creating a circular future for NIKE and the industry is going to require innovation and collaboration.

Year over year, we recycled 21% more kilograms of total manufacturing waste, which helped to drive up the overall manufacturing waste recycling rate by five percentage points despite increased waste generation in manufacturing.

NIKE hopes these efforts will result in increases in closed loop apparel fabric recycling from late FY23 and build into FY24 and FY25.

Closed loop recycling is our highest aspiration and the goal we are continually working toward.

By increasing closed loop recycling we can maximize the recycling of our waste back into footwear and apparel or similar products.

Apparel Textile to textile recycling takes pressure off virgin material supply chains for cotton and polyester.

In the near term, NIKE intends to focus on cotton and polyester supply chains to reduce our dependence on higher impact versions of important fabrics.

Part of our strategy focuses on increasing NIKE’s use of recycled cotton by increasing the amount of cotton manufacturing scrap that Tier 3 recyclers (yarn suppliers) and Tier 2 fabric suppliers source from Tier 1 finished goods factories.

We are also targeting polyester fabric waste in key locations where feedstock or chemical recycling technologies44 are available and encouraging scaling of these technologies in other areas where polyester product manufacturing is predominant.

In the years to come, additional solutions for blended textile materials, which are more challenging to recycle than materials made entirely from cotton or polyester, must be found.

We are working to identify and scale promising technologies in our key manufacturing geographies as part of our long term strategy.

Footwear Our strategy for closing the loop on footwear materials is two pronged, with a near term focus on reincorporating higher volumes of more readily recyclable materials while seeking innovations for more challenging materials.

Our immediate focus is on closed loop recycling of rubber and EVA foam scraps, which make up over 22% of our footwear waste.

The output may be reused for polymerisation into new plastics for the production of other chemicals or as an alternative fuel.

High quality, sorted materials help maximize the marketability of manufacturing scrap at facilities like Chang Shin’s in Indonesia.

For example, we are working to find more efficient ways to color sort rubber waste to overcome the aesthetic challenges of using mixed recycled rubber.

We are also focusing on expanding the usage of recycled EVA midsoles with standardized formulations that are available in all manufacturing countries.

Some materials like leather and mixed materials provide more challenges when it comes to closed loop recycling, but we are continually exploring and testing new innovations.

We are also working with vendors to explore closed loop polyester waste as a potential replacement for polyester from ground up plastic beverage containers.

In FY22, we increased recycled rubber usage across footwear to 2.2%.

We also increased the creation of higher recycled content midsole foams by implementing incremental changes through chemical engineering.

When we face limitations on what can be reused in our own products, we drive higher recycling rates by segregating, consolidating and processing scrap materials for reuse in other industries.

Our focus is on finding markets for our largest material waste types blended textiles, rubber, foams, leather and synthetic leather.

Our Nike Grind program, which turned 30 this year, gives what was once considered waste a new life in Nike Grind partner products from flooring to furniture, skateboards to iPhone cases and playgrounds to Olympic training facilities.

In FY22, we saw a 4% increase in open loop recycling as demand from regional markets for NIKE manufacturing scrap materials grew faster than expected.

The Home Depot named Nike Grind and Future Foam as its 2021 Environmental Partner of the Year in recognition of NIKE’s dedication to innovation and a circular future.

The Home Depot is the largest distributor of products made with Nike Grind, representing over 4.5 million pounds of waste recycled every year.

Over 10 years of collaboration with The Home Depot and Future Foam, we have collectively recycled 58 million pounds of waste.

We also made progress on solutions for harder to recycle materials like leather.

DECODED, a premium lifestyle tech accessory brand, launched a new sustainability minded collection, RE_CODED, made with Nike Grind leather.

NIKE’s post tannery leather scraps are historically challenging to reuse, and DECODED is the first brand to launch a product using this material stream.

The RE_CODED collection with Nike Grind launched sales through Apple, Verizon and other tech accessories distributors.

Open Loop Recycling refers to recycling NIKE footwear waste by third parties, who subsequently use it to manufacture other non NIKE products.

Unsellables refers to NIKE sample products, defective products and returned products that aren’t fit for resale as NIKE products.

In addition to the footwear data detailed in the table above, 20,000 metric tons of post industrial apparel was open loop recycled.

Not surprisingly, returning to campus more than doubled the waste at WHQ on a quarter over quarter basis.

The majority of the resulting waste, however, was recyclable cardboard packaging and furniture that was donated or reused between buildings as occupancy plans shifted.

Despite the challenges created by returning to the workplace, the teams continued to drive progress toward the FY25 sustainability goals.

We educate and engage our athletes to foster a sustainable mindset and adopt sustainable practices and choices in their day to day lives through campus events, sustainability pop ups, lunch and learn sessions and internal communications.

Our Converse HQ in Boston has made major strides toward waste diversion by upgrading to premium service with a local composting company, Bootstrap, to increase ease and frequency of compost pickup, saving approximately 47,000 annually.

This service includes compost accessibility to Converse teammates on every floor and the nearby Converse Concept Creation Center (C4) in Charlestown.

In FY22, Converse completed a transition to paper bags in all North America retail stores.

Through this initiative, Converse eliminated the use of an estimated four million plastic bags by the end of 2021 and is continuing to extend the effort globally.

The effort is part of NIKE’s participation in the Fashion Pact a global coalition of companies in the fashion and textile industry working toward a common set of environmental goals.

In FY22 NIKE recycled 85% of distribution center waste, cardboard accounted for 94% of that waste.

We aim to drive higher and more consistent recycling across all distribution centers.

We are focused on understanding the composition of waste that’s not being recycled and improving waste sorting and training to maximize the percentage of recyclable material that is properly segregated and shipped to recyclers.

We are also working to increase landfill diversion within our distribution centers.

In the EMEA and Greater China geographies, we have already achieved 100% diversion with operations.

In North America and APLA, we are closing the gap and expect to engage additional energy recovery capacity to increase recycling in FY2356.

For North America markets we are challenged by limited opportunities to increase recycling infrastructure.

In North America we emphasized distribution center education and training on collecting and converting food waste to compost.

That compost is used as nutrients for our own NIKE community gardens.

These are volunteer led gardens help facilitate landfill diversion, circularity and community engagement.

In FY22, we completed a comprehensive waste audit of NIKE WHQ in Oregon and developed a targeted waste roadmap to our waste reduction goals.

The waste audit demonstrated that there were opportunities to reduce waste stream contamination rates by approximately 40%.

We also identified food service as the largest waste source, contributing 30% of overall waste generation.

Key reduction levers focused on encouraging employees to engage in more sustainable behaviors to achieve our waste reduction goals.

Based on the audit, NIKE developed a comprehensive Zero Waste Roadmap leveraging our strongest asset our people.

One example is the TerraCycle glove recycling program, which launched in our kitchens and custodial teams in FY22, helping divert 28 metric tons from landfill.

By introducing programs that make recycling and landfill diversion easier, we tap into the potential of our NIKE employees.

NIKE’s FPW target is accelerating our journey toward product circularity.

Scaled progress will require the footwear and apparel industry to come together to develop pre competitive solutions for the toughest barriers, including textile to textile recycling, cost efficient reverse logistics and technology systems to unlock our ability to close the loop for a truly circular ecosystem.

From setting up internal operations to enable circularity to learning how to offer compelling takeback services to consumers and working with marketplace partners to innovate how we recycle product back into new out of the box solutions, our work continues to both excite and challenge us.

In FY22, we remained focused on learning how to create circular systems for FPW, which we define as product that is unsellable across our supply chain (e.g., worn digital returns) or taken back from consumers through our takeback programs.

We also accelerated our capabilities to keep FPW out of landfill and incineration by refurbishing and reselling, donating or recycling 3.1 million units of finished product.

Our goal is to continue this acceleration, maximizing product refurbishment to extend the life of products through resale and reuse, and increasing donation and recycling to keep units at their highest use for as long as possible.

When the time has come to say goodbye to a pair of Nike Refurbished shoes, customers can do their part to help keep them out of landfills by choosing to donate or responsibly recycle them through our takeback programs.

The Nike Refurbished footwear product line launched in select stores in the U.S. in March 2021.

By the end of FY22, Nike Refurbished was live in 35 stores across the U.S. and six stores in EMEA.

We are encouraged by feedback from our consumers, who are delighted to find unique styles at the right prices while knowing they are joining NIKE in its sustainability journey.

We also celebrate the contributions from our Retail and Operations teams to make these new offerings possible.

As such, we plan to continue scaling this program in FY23.

Nike Refurbished extends the life of unsellable products (i.e., worn returns, cosmetically flawed products, e.g., stains) by taking products that cannot be restocked, refurbishing them by hand and grading them as Like New, Gently Worn or Slightly Imperfect.

This new reverse logistics operations process enables us to offer these products at discounted prices at select NIKE Factory, Unite and Community Stores.

Product that is not eligible for Nike Refurbished still has a chance at a second life too, as we partner with donation consolidators, such as Good360, to donate gently worn footwear to local communities in need.

Or, if it’s truly at the end of wearable use, we recycle it through our proprietary Nike Grind system into materials, which are then sold to third parties for different uses.

Using a systems approach, we are implementing circular operations (capabilities to enable extension of product life or reuse of materials) in key locations and working with strategic partners to receive, process and dispose of product in accordance with its highest value in alignment with our product waste hierarchy.

Today, our product channels include Nike Refurbished (consumer sales), the vAn (internal employee sales), donation and recycling.

Energy recovery is being utilized as a last resort.

We recognize that managing our own FPW is just one side of the equation, and we seek to help consumers responsibly manage the product they are no longer using through consumer product takeback programs (i.e., Reuse A Shoe and Recycle and Donation).

In FY22, we expanded access to consumer product takeback services to most of our geographies, offering the service across 300 NIKE stores.

While our expansion efforts have been successful, we’re learning we need to improve awareness of this offering so more consumers can take advantage of this program, which gives consumers a better option than throwing product away and enables more people to partner with NIKE on our Move to Zero journey.

Through consumer insights, we have found that close to 80% of NIKE consumers are interested in using our RAD service.

Moving forward, we intend to expand access to such services, while also exploring ways to integrate information about these services into digital and marketing plans to improve utilization of these services and create seamless integration with the NIKE member experience.

As consumers have limited options to donate or recycle worn products, for the past 25 years, NIKE has offered a service called Reuse A Shoe (RAS) for consumers to bring their end of life footwear product back to NIKE stores so that it can be recycled into something new.

As apparel and footwear waste continues to grow, we are working to expand this offering and have introduced a new Recycle and Donation (RAD) service, which is an evolution of RAS that includes apparel and offers a donation pathway in addition to recycling.

These consumer takeback programs empower consumers to drop off apparel and footwear at select NIKE stores, and based on the condition and level of wear, NIKE will either donate to nonprofit partners or recycle in a more responsible manner to divert end of life product waste from landfill.

Product not fit for consumer sale (i.e., samples or products with quality issues) is sold at a discount through our internal employee website, The vAn. Our goal is to reduce volumes through this channel as we continue improving manufacturing quality and reduce the need for physical samples.

At NIKE, we continually look for opportunities to bridge our work across People, Planet and Play.

Our product donation program is a perfect example of this intersection.

Not only are we able to extend the life of products, but we are also able to deliver them to those who need them most.

When product is no longer deemed sellable but still has a functional life or when unforeseen events impact our communities we work with consolidator nonprofit organizations like Good360, Soles4Souls, Good Sports and Delivering Good to help deliver product where it’s needed, in a responsible manner.

In FY22, we were able to donate nearly 1.02 million units to schools and community organizations.

An additional 45,000 units were donated to nonprofit organizations around the globe through the product donation disposition channel.

This product, which would have otherwise been recycled or destroyed, benefits the community by serving the highest need, closest to source.

When product is truly at its end of life and cannot be used again through resale or donation, our goal is to recycle the product through responsible end of life processes.

For footwear, recycling means sending product through our state of the art Nike Grind machines in the U.S. and EMEA.

After grinding up this product, materials are separated by type (rubber, foam and textile fluff) so that they can be incorporated into new items.

In our other locations, where we don’t have Nike Grind technology, we work with providers to manage our end of life process.

We have been incorporating Nike Grind into products, retail spaces, workplace environments, athletic facilities, skateboards and more for nearly 30 years.

That means fewer materials in landfills, and more in the hands (and under the feet) of athletes.

In FY22, we collaborated with Kirei, an acoustic solutions company in California, to recycle our upper textile fluff material from finished product waste into their Air Baffle product.

The Air Baffle is an acoustic element filled with Nike Grind fluff to help absorb sound in open spaces.

We continued to work with Playtop and Hero Flooring, among others, to recycle rubber from ground up shoes into play surfaces and flooring, respectively.

Additionally, in EMEA, Hooks Creative designed a clothes hanger with 50% fluff content and 50% non NIKE recycled material that has been introduced to the entire European Logistics Center campus and will start to roll out in other EMEA offices.

We have pursued multiple other destinations for recycled footwear FPW, specifically mixed foam and additional fluff grind.

With a focus on sport surfaces and flooring, we work closely with external companies to research and develop product offerings that can utilize these waste streams as feedstock.

For apparel in geographies outside of the U.S., we work with third party pre processors and recyclers to maximize recycling solutions.

In FY23, we plan to expand apparel recycling capabilities to the U.S. as well.

We choose third parties based, in part, on the level of transparency of their processes and their ability to help us achieve our sustainability goals.

Recycling technologies today may not be the recycling technologies of the future.

Greater China is working with the Circular Economy Research Institute of Tongji University to study advanced shoe and apparel recycling technologies to improve overall recycling efficiency through heat separation and artificial intelligence sorting systems.

This will help us reduce inefficient manual processes and improve overall recycling capacity.

As we continue the search for true, structural and sustainable recycling solutions at scale for harder to recycle materials, we also work with waste to energy vendors to responsibly dispose of remaining materials.

Cuong Luong (right), a member of NIKE’s Responsible Supply Chain team in Vietnam, talks footwear recycling options with Feng Tay leadership.

Without a robust water sustainability program, textile industry suppliers will face tough and costly decisions related to their businesses.

NIKE is working to decouple business growth from constrained resources by minimizing our overall environmental footprint.

We can’t do this without the commitment of suppliers, and encourage every facility to pursue in terms of business growth, productivity and social responsibility a more sustainable and water efficient future.

For the past decade, the World Economic Forum (WEF) has listed water crises as one of the top five global risks that negatively impact economies and societies.

Historically, water has been available in the driest areas, and flooding patterns were predictable across the globe.

As the climate warms, the world is beginning to see more extremes which often means too little or too much water.

An increase in population, industrial and socio economic growth will add more stress to existing water resources, resulting in scarcity and competition.

Increasing droughts contribute to wildfires and other problems.

A decrease in the water table can degrade water quality, often leading to increasing concentrations of minerals and salts that are expensive to treat, resulting in increased cost.

On the other extreme, more violent storms are already making flooding a new risk in areas that didn’t worry about it before.

Experiences around the world water rationing in Taiwan droughts in Brazil, California and India demonstrate the WEF’s concerns are real.

Create Awareness among suppliers that water crises are real, and it’s necessary to reduce our dependence on freshwater.

Drive Commitment from suppliers to do their part to reduce their freshwater use.

We collaborated with suppliers to establish freshwater reduction targets that will help us reach our 2025 target.

Build Capability among suppliers so they are executing their freshwater reduction targets using generally accepted best practices for water management and wastewater treatment.

The indications are that training and adoption of best practices are consistent and robust.

In FY22, we reduced freshwater usage per kilogram by 9% from our FY20 baseline by implementing process improvements and investments in recycling technologies, with the support of seven of our supply chain’s top 10 water users.

Among them, we saw notable reductions from their respective FY20 baselines achieved from facilities.

The Tong Hong Tannery in China reduced its freshwater use in FY22 by 12.4% from its FY20 baseline through several process improvement strategies.

The Tong Hong site consolidated its product order category and used higher manufacturing efficiency equipment to achieve the exact product specification, which resulted in reduction of water and energy usage.

Also, the facility optimized the wastewater treatment system to produce higher wastewater reuse quality, which helped the site reduce its overall freshwater consumption by increasing the recycling rate.

The Sadesa facility reduced its water intensity by 20.8% in FY22 from its FY20 baseline with investments in advanced oxidation and recycling technologies in the wastewater treatment plant.

Since FY15, the number of wastewater recycling installations has continued to increase to the point where wastewater recycling is a standard feature of any new construction by suppliers.

In FY22, our in scope facilities faced headwinds largely brought on by impacts of COVID 19, resulting in the stalling of certain water reduction projects as well as staffing issues.

Nevertheless, suppliers displayed continued commitment to their sustainability targets and were able to rise above these difficulties to still achieve the overall collective water reduction target of 9% from the FY20 baseline for FY22.

Focus suppliers represent key suppliers involved in the dyeing and or finishing of materials, which directly support footwear and apparel finished product assembly.

Responsible water management at Chang Shin’s footwear facility in Indonesia includes wastewater treatment and recycling.

Cotton accounts for 69% of NIKE’s water footprint and is directly impacted by water stressors such as drought, water scarcity, floods and pollution.

In addition to effects on the cotton supply, local communities including those within water basins that support cotton farming and ecosystems are disproportionately affected by these water stressors.

We continue to adapt to uncertainty as global climate patterns shift, geopolitical issues emerge and other natural phenomena arise leading to shifts in project scope and impact.

Creating water resilience in our cotton sourcing is critical to helping NIKE continue to produce products in a way that protects the workers and ecosystems that make up our supply chain.

We aim to restore 13 billion liters by 2025 in water stressed regions within our extended cotton supply chain including Australia, India and Pakistan.

Our strategy to reach our target is driven by collaboration with conservation leaders.

We work in partnership with globally recognized environmental nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), including The Nature Conservancy (TNC) and World Wildlife Fund (WWF), who help us define project scope and strategy, implement interventions in priority basins, and monitor and report on the social and environmental impacts generated from restoration activities.

From FY20 22, NIKE’s support contributed to the inundation of 47,277 hectares in the region, a much larger area than expected.

This in turn supported a massive colonial bird breeding event and a second breeding event for many pelicans in the region.

In addition, the project facilitated enhanced wetland fringe vegetation growth and improved habitat for a range of species, resulting in feral animal control and increased sightings of critically endangered fauna, such as the plains wanderer, a vulnerable ground dwelling bird.

The project also supported ongoing efforts to enable a return of land management to the Nari Nari Tribal Council the Aboriginal landowners in the region.

This included the finalization and launch of Gayini: Our Home, a guidebook of native plant and animal species found on the land by the Nari Nari Tribal Council.

In Pakistan, NIKE also laid the groundwork in FY22 for additional water restoration projects in the Indus River basin with WWF. This work included implementing integrated watershed management strategies to improve overall water quantity and quality, educate and support farmers with water efficient agricultural practices and help protect endangered species native to the region.

Every NIKE product leverages chemistry to drive innovation, influence design, improve performance and achieve our sustainability ambitions.

While the essential role of chemistry within our business is clear, we recognize that it must be well managed to maximize its value and minimize possible risks.

To accomplish this, we have developed a chemical prioritization strategy that integrates our approach to global regulatory compliance with proactive efforts to scale and integrate cleaner chemistry seamlessly into our business.

To develop NIKE’s chemical prioritization strategy, we consider the health and environmental impacts of the individual chemicals as well as chemistry mixtures used to make our products.

We closely track the continually evolving regulatory landscape and review the latest scientific findings to help us to proactively influence chemistry decisions in our supply chain.

Finally, we assess how chemicals are used, including the volumes, types of application and availability of safe alternatives, to help us set realistic targets for the future.

Materials suppliers like Dong Jin Textile in Indonesia manage color and chemistry with automated precision.

The foundational requirements in NIKE’s Code of Conduct set the basis for our chemistry strategy.

Based on this policy, all suppliers must properly manage chemistry and create approaches that help meet our Restricted Substances List (RSL) and ZDHC Manufacturing Restricted Substances List (MRSL) requirements.

We continue to support development of transparent guidelines, tools and training programs within our industry through work in groups such as Apparel and Footwear International RSL Management and the ZDHC Foundation.

Together, these programs continue to accelerate us toward realizing the vision of zero discharge of hazardous chemicals.

Our facility compliance program includes significant requirements on chemicals management and measurement that are elevated through tools such as the FEM and SLCP.

Members of our supply chain are on a journey to continually improve their ability to manage chemistry safely and effectively, and we continue to raise the bar on our foundational requirements.

By creating training and effective remediation programs as well as driving engagement with industry groups, we will continue to elevate these capabilities and monitor implementation across our supply chain.

In addition to our facility compliance program focusing on chemicals management, use and disposal, we continue more than 20 years of chemistry engagement and implementation with suppliers through our Chemistry Playbook and RSL program.

The NIKE Chemistry Playbook RSL represents our approach to managing chemicals throughout the supply chain, from procurement of input chemistries that meet ZDHC MRSL requirements all the way to testing thousands of materials and finished goods annually.

We will continually strive to create innovations that support helping athletes perform their best while we move toward cleaner chemistry inputs and proactively steward resources.

We created a list of 10 priority chemistries where we have a target to go above and beyond our list of more than 400 substances that are tightly controlled within our RSL.

These priority chemistries solve specific challenges that we have uncovered and help us advance safer materials flowing into and through a circular economy.

Adopting these cleaner chemistry alternatives is NIKE’s 2025 chemistry target.

Another critical part of our work to scale cleaner chemistry is our chemical assessment process.

This embedded process is used on new chemistries coming into our supply chain and provides a consistent measure for compliance that can be used across a variety of chemistry types.

The presence of contaminant chemicals in recycled material streams is an ongoing challenge that will be amplified as we diversify our recycled content streams (an example of this is PFAS). The introduction of new material streams that haven’t traditionally been used in our industry can be challenging from a sustainable chemistry perspective.

In FY22, we made significant progress toward our per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) phaseout in water repellent finishes in all product engines.

In 2017, we set a target to eliminate all Perfluorochemical based finishes from our product line.

We have achieved our PFAS phaseout goal without sacrificing our high durability and performance standards or aesthetics.

Throughout this phaseout, we completed thorough chemistry assessments on all PFAS alternatives to help us scale only better chemistry across the supply chain.

We continue to track toward our goal of 100% PFAS free durable water repellents through close collaboration with material and chemical suppliers.

The final phase of our work to eliminate PFAS from our supply chain is phasing out of polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) membranes, commonly found in waterproof apparel and footwear.

PTFE membranes use PFAS chemicals in their production and may release PFAS at end of life under extreme conditions.

We currently anticipate we will be able to phase out PTFE membranes by the end of the 2024 calendar year.

NIKE is also working to push suppliers in the supply chain to reduce the use of Dimethylformamide (DMFa).

DMFa is a common industrial solvent for chemical reactions used in the production of synthetic and coated leather.

We have worked with material and chemical suppliers to trial DMFa alternatives, and are impressed by the amount of innovation in this space.

We have achieved 100% DMFa free coated natural leathers, and we have seen strong adoption of DMFa free synthetic suedes.

However, we anticipate challenges meeting our overall goal of being 100% DMFa free by 2025.

COVID 19 related slowdowns delayed essential research and development needed to validate safe DMFa alternatives.

Further, we expect pricing and scaling challenges as suppliers work to build up scale for DMFa free materials.

We are working cross functionally to overcome these challenges and eventually phase out the use of DMFa in all NIKE materials.

We have transitioned more than 70% of our total EVA foam usage in footwear dicumyl peroxide (DCP) free.

DCP is a crosslinking agent for polymers, including in EVA foam manufacturing, that can be problematic in some environments.

Our goal is to reach over 80% DCP free across all our footwear EVA foam in FY23, putting us in a good position to achieve our 100% DCP free EVA foam target by 2025.

Neoprene58 (aka polychloroprene) is a family of synthetic foam rubbers that are produced by polymerization of chloroprene.

Neoprene materials can be manufactured using substances that are skin sensitizers, and in addition, the production of neoprene can have negative impacts on the climate.

For our neoprene target, we identified several alternatives that are aligned with our sustainable chemistry requirements.

To slow continued proliferation of neoprene, we have implemented a policy that styles introduced after 2023 will only use alternatives approved through our chemistry assessments.

We are also scaling industry tools to capture and assess chemical inventory conformity to the MRSL.

While this will not give us complete information on every substance in use at this time, it helps make sure that any MRSL listed substance is prohibited from intentional use.

Future efforts to push for an industry approach that enables capture of all chemical details are a key area of focus.

In addition, the production of neoprene can contribute to climate change and volatile organic compounds emitted in the chemical processing plants can be harmful to human health and the environment.

All athletes should benefit from the joy and and movement of play.

But we know that not every child and not every community have access to the same opportunities.

Girls are dropping out of sport at twice the rate of boys, and systemic inequities leave some communities in greater need.

That’s why we continue to focus our investments on leveling the playing field for all athletes , now and for future generations to come.

At NIKE, we believe in the transformative power of sport to move the world forward.

Creating a more active and healthier world requires an inclusive approach.

With more barriers to sport than ever before, the world is moving less leaving girls and kids from marginalized communities, who are disproportionately impacted, on the sidelines.

As a brand guided by our values, we are uniquely positioned to see the intersectional opportunities and leverage our resources to take action and create greater access to sport for all.

We know by driving inclusivity in spaces off the field, we can continue to elevate equal participation on the field.

That’s why in addition to supporting partnerships and programs that get kids moving, we also invest in organizations that advance equality through economic empowerment, education innovation and social justice reform.

With our strategic focus, we will continue to influence the future of sport so that it can be a place where everyone belongs.

Our ambition is to remove barriers to positively change the culture of sport, with a lens toward tomorrow.

Throughout my life, I’ve learned that there’s power in play.

From my first childhood races with friends in my hometown of Kingston, Jamaica, to winning my fifth 100 meters title at the World Athletics Championships last summer in Eugene, Oregon (and yes, Olympic gold medals in between), I can confidently say that sport has made me stronger, both on and off the track.

It’s made me a better athlete, a better teammate, a better member of my community, and most meaningfully, a better mother.

When I was in high school, there was a woman who saw something in me that I didn’t see in myself.

Her kindness lit a fire, allowing me to dream bigger and inspiring me to make a similar impact on other kids’ lives.

That initial kindness eventually inspired me to launch the Pocket Rocket Foundation to help young athletes in Jamaica who also hope to reach the top of their sport.

May you learn from the wisdom I’ve been lucky enough to experience first hand: that success neither begins nor ends with you.

Throughout my life, I’ve learned that there’s power in play.

From my first childhood races with friends in my hometown of Kingston, Jamaica, to winning my fifth 100 meters title at the World Athletics Championships last summer in Eugene, Oregon (and yes, Olympic gold medals in between), I can confidently say that sport has made me stronger, both on and off the track.

It’s made me a better athlete, a better teammate, a better member of my community, and most meaningfully, a better mother.

When I was in high school, there was a woman who saw something in me that I didn’t see in myself.

Her kindness lit a fire, allowing me to dream bigger and inspiring me to make a similar impact on other kids’ lives.

That initial kindness eventually inspired me to launch the Pocket Rocket Foundation to help young athletes in Jamaica who also hope to reach the top of their sport.

I went back to where my journey began, now with the support of all of those who believe in me, including NIKE.

It matters to me that I’m able to make a difference and show up my best self in all forms.

My wish for you is to find the strength in play to find somewhere that will support you as an athlete, and all that you are and will be.

And may you learn from the wisdom I’ve been lucky enough to experience first hand: that success neither begins nor ends with you.

I’m not slowing down anytime soon, and neither can you.

In FY22, we focused on our key strategies to accelerate greater change for girls at scale.

First, to help increase girls’ participation in sport in our key cities and employee backyards, we continued to invest in new play and sport based programs through our partnerships with local community organizations.

Second, to create a global and cultural shift, we collaborated with some of the most influential female athletes from around the world to amplify girls’ voices and the need to improve their sport experience.

We also partnered with renowned institutions in the coaching space to create industry leading tools and training materials that help coaches everywhere be more inclusive and responsive to girls’ needs.

As a result of these efforts, we directly helped nearly 760,000 kids to move 50% of whom were girls through our community partners’ diverse offering of play and sport programs.

Knowing the critical role coaches play, we also shared our best practices and tools with more than 17,000 coaches and helped train nearly 9,000 of them in delivering fun, inclusive experiences to all kids.

Around the world, NIKE is helping to increase girls’ participation in sport locally in our key cities and employee backyards by investing in partnerships with more than 120 grassroots community organizations that deliver play and sport based programs.

In Los Angeles, we teamed up with the Play Equity Fund to launch LA Made to Play Neighborhoods.

The three year, 1.5 million program empowers 13 grassroots youth play and sport organizations through an innovative, place based approach that focuses on neighborhoods and brings together local partners to leverage resources and tackle root causes that prevent girls from participating in play and sport.

To create the most transformative change, the programs focus on LA youth who are the least able to access play and sport Latina girls in two of the neighborhoods with the greatest opportunity to close the gap in play equity: Boyle Heights and Watts.

In Mexico City, we launched Jugamos Juntas, an initiative designed to give girls access to safe, inclusive and fun experiences in play and sport, in collaboration with Laureus Sport for Good.

The three year investment provides funds to strengthen five community organizations so they can expand opportunities for girls to play.

Jugamos Juntas also emphasizes the important role that coaches play in inspiring girls on and off the field.

The program will recruit and train coaches, with a focus on women, to help them create positive environments where girls and boys play and thrive together.

In Paris, we extended our partnership with sport based community organization Sport dans la Ville, maintaining our commitment to increasing girls’ access to play and sport.

Through our support, Sport dans la Ville provides sport activities, cultural events and workshops to more than 2,000 girls locally.

I feel empowered when I think about the opportunities to help girls get active because of the incredible impact we can have on their lives as they find their own power through sport and play.

Together, we’re addressing barriers to sport for girls in Japan and beyond and making movement more accessible to girls.

NIKE also supports Paris based PLAY International, which uses sport as a vehicle for education and social change to help drive their commitment toward equality and empowerment for girls.

Over the past four years, NIKE’s support of the Active Schools program has helped train hundreds of primary school teachers to inspire thousands of children to play.

And by pioneering innovative solutions like their Playlab program, their experts are helping level the playing field by creating games and activities that encourage boys and girls to play together.

NIKE is welcoming all kids to play through our continued support of mixed gender programs.

NIKE’s new partnership and program in Seoul is a good example of this.

In FY22, we launched Active Modoo in partnership with ChildFund Korea and We Meet Up Sports.

The program’s name is inspired by its aim to help modoo meaning everyone in Korean get active by providing equal access to play and sport.

Active Modoo takes a child centered approach and offers fun, physical activities to children ages 7 12 by providing positive coaching skills to professional coaches and teachers as well as parents and NIKE employees.

The program also tackles a common misperception among parents that increasing a child’s amount of physical activities leads to lower academic achievement.

The program offers workshops and physical activity sessions to educate parents on the benefits of physical activity and demonstrate the proven link to increased concentration and kids’ overall well being.

Since launching in China in 2019, Boundless Girls, our innovative program that unleashes the potential of girls though the power of sport, has reached over 90,000 girls across more than 500 schools.

Through a partnership with the China Foundation for Rural Development (CFRD), the program has scaled to include 12 grassroots organizations across China.

And together with China Children and Teenagers’ Fund and Enjoy Volunteering, we kicked off our Boundless Girls Summer Camp in nine locations, which brought nearly 120 university student volunteers to serve as coaches and role models.

The university students and NIKE employees collectively dedicated more than 10,000 hours to inclusive play and sport sessions with the girls, ensuring that everyone felt empowered, supported and inspired.

FY22 also marked our China team’s ninth year in driving Active Schools, a program developed in collaboration with China’s Ministry of Education and China Education Development Foundation.

The initiative enables physical education (PE) teachers and staff to transform children’s sport experiences through innovative PE classes.

Nationally, the program has reached more than 5.4 million kids and 12,000 PE teachers across 10,500 schools.

Despite community lockdowns due to the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic, Active Schools still increased the number of primary school PE teachers reached by generating digital capacity building content and by empowering teachers who were awarded the prestigious Active Schools Innovation Award to develop their own social media content showcasing fun coaching tips, inspiring other teachers and coaches and garnering nearly seven million views.

To continue to help remove barriers for girls and women in sport, we partnered with some of the world’s most influential, community oriented athletes.

In FY22, NIKE created a first of its kind Nike Athlete Think Tank to hear directly from our elite women athletes and global catalysts representing different parts of the world, sport experiences and varying stages of their careers and lives.

Our goals were to learn from their unique experiences in sport, better understand their needs and hear their ideas to improve the experience of girls and women in sport.

In response to athlete desire to directly impact the communities and causes they care about, NIKE invested 1.3 million through Charities Aid Foundation America in order to support organizations identified by Nike Athlete Think Tank members.

Collectively, this powerful group of organizations champion a sense of belonging for women, girls and other marginalized community members on and off the playing field.

Additionally, in our EMEA region, we partnered with more elite athletes to create positive impact in our communities.

With a shared vision to inspire the next generation and give kids more access to sport, we worked closely with Bebe Vio, Ebrar Karakurt, Ramla Ali, Giannis Antetokounmpo, John McAvoy and Rudy Gobert to develop and support seven programs directly impacting the lives of 6,000 kids from marginalized communities.

NIKE established the Athlete Think Tank to hear directly from our female athletes with the goal of improving the experience of girls and women in sport.

Research shows that how a girl feels about her coach is one of the most important factors determining whether she keeps playing sports.

That’s why we’re helping to recruit and train more representative coaches, and it’s why we’re investing in coaching tools that help coaches create positive, inclusive environments for all kids, especially girls.

A recent survey focused on girls’ attitudes found that 67% of girls and young women ages 7 21 felt more sad, anxious or worried because of the pandemic59.

Because we know the need to focus on mental health is so important NIKE became the founding partner of The Center for Healing and Justice through Sport (CHJS), a nonprofit organization fueling a movement to bring research backed, healing centered sport training to youth coaches across North America.

With help from CHJS, NIKE is training many of its retail store employees who serve as NIKE Community Ambassadors to coach and inspire kids in their communities.

We also offered trainings to our corporate employees, North America Made to Play partners and consumers through our NIKE Brand channels.

The Tucker Center for Research on Girls Women in Sport at the University of Minnesota is a preeminent interdisciplinary research center leading a global effort to accelerate change for girls and women in sport.

The Tucker Center’s research consistently informs coaching across the U.S. and around the world, making it a key partner for NIKE in fulfilling what is a critical need for coaches: coaching tools that address gender biases and stereotypes and keep 11 17 year old girls from dropping out of sport.

Together with the Tucker Center, we began the development of an industry first online coaching tool called Coaching HER our most comprehensive, evidence based and pilot tested resource on coaching girls.

Coaching HER, now available online, is designed to help keep girls in sport.

It expands on NIKE’s robust collection of free, downloadable coaching resources available on nike.com madetoplay: the Made to Play Coaching Girls Guide, Coaching for Belonging, Sports Bra Playbook and Hijab Playbook.

Fifteen years ago, multiple professional women’s tennis events in China seemed impossible.

This rapid expansion of not only tennis, but also the rise of women’s sport in my country gives me more hope for the next generation than I ever could have imagined.

When I hear people say that I am part of the rise of tennis in China, I am humbled and I don’t take it for granted.

That’s why I’ve committed to continuing my work off the court, building training programs for the next generation of Chinese tennis players.

I may be the first Grand Slam singles champion from Asia but I certainly won’t be the last, if I have anything to do with it.

Since announcing my retirement in 2014, I’ve had a lot of time to think about what I can do to push the conversation about women in sports further.

I’ve spent my career alongside greats like Serena, endlessly inspired by her courage, talent and strength.

Women like Serena have taught me the power of using your voice to level the playing field for female athletes of all ages.

I believe we are collectively moving in the right direction.

Fifteen years ago, multiple professional women’s tennis events in China seemed impossible.

This rapid expansion of not only tennis, but also the rise of women’s sport in my country gives me more hope for the next generation than I ever could have imagined.

When I hear people say that I am part of the rise of tennis in China, I am humbled and I don’t take it for granted.

That’s why I’ve committed to continuing my work off the court, building training programs for the next generation of Chinese tennis players.

I may be the first Grand Slam singles champion from Asia but I certainly won’t be the last, if I have anything to do with it.

Since announcing my retirement in 2014, I’ve had a lot of time to think about what I can do to push the conversation about women in sports further.

I’ve spent my career alongside greats like Serena, endlessly inspired by her courage, talent and strength.

Women like Serena have taught me the power of using your voice to level the playing field for female athletes of all ages.

While every country is in a different place on that journey, I believe we are collectively moving in the right direction.

There are too many opportunities for our youth especially the next generation of girls still to come.

I am proud of the work I do with NIKE and the role the company has played to recruit and keep girls in sport, and I know the momentum will only grow.

A truly meaningful experience for me has been supporting Boundless Girls, a program dedicated to helping girls unlock barriers to sport participation and embrace their love of the game, regardless of their backgrounds.

When you’re old enough to look back 15 years and see the way that China and our world have changed for women in sports, I hope you see the continued progress I have been lucky to witness, so that you may understand how fast things can progress when there is a shared vision for making the world a better place.

We are working to help create a world where equal opportunity exists both on and off the field.

In FY22, we expanded our efforts to address systemic barriers by deepening our partnerships with organizations that focus on addressing inequality.

These efforts are reflected in our total investment of 33 million in the fiscal year.

That investment includes 15 million toward our Black Community Commitment (BCC) from NIKE, Inc. and Jordan Brand in North America, which was amplified by another 5 million from Michael Jordan personally (not included in the total for this target).

We also invested a further 18 million to advance inclusivity and equality.

Management Leadership for Tomorrow accelerates career pathways to excellence and changes employer practices.

Development increases the number of Black educators and creates healthy, supportive publicschool environments for Black students who need it most.

Rounding out the Jordan BCC investments were 24 new community grantees in FY22 across nearly 20 U.S. cities, in addition to a number of new Jordan Family Grant organizations.

From the Jayson Tatum Foundation, 100 Black Men of Metropolitan St. Louis, the Nigel Sylvester Foundation and Black Mother’s Forum (nominated by WNBA athlete, Kia Nurse) Jordan Community and Family Grants continued to drive sustainable change at the local level.

In 2020, NIKE, Converse, Jordan Brand and Michael Jordan committed a combined 140 million over 10 years for investment in and support of organizations addressing racial inequity for Black Americans.

As part of this commitment, NIKE, Inc. will invest 40 million over four years with a focus on economic empowerment, education innovation and social justice reform.

Jordan Brand and Michael Jordan will invest 100 million over 10 years supporting the pillars of economic justice, education, narrative change, and social justice.

This unique commitment taps into the power of three iconic brands within the NIKE, Inc. portfolio to address systemic racism in distinct approaches designed to drive greater collective impact.

For FY22, as part of the 15 million total contribution to the Black Community Commitment, NIKE invested 10 million to support 11 national organizations, including new grantees: four in the education innovation space (namely, Pensole Lewis College of Business and Design, Son of a Saint, All Star Code and Big Brothers Big Sisters of America) and the Equal Justice Initiative, which prioritizes social justice reform.

Further investment was made in an additional 50 local organizations in seven U.S. cities where NIKE employees live and work Boston Chicago Los Angeles Memphis New York City Portland, OR and St. Louis.

An additional seven grantees were based in Atlanta, Houston, Miami, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C..

Partner Highlight: Pensole Lewis College of Business and Design A BCC grantee uniquely positioned at the intersection of diversity and design is Pensole Lewis College of Business and Design.

In 2013, Lewis College of Business (its original name), based in Detroit, closed its doors.

Former NIKE footwear designer Dr. D’Wayne Edwards reopened the school under its new name and established Pensole as a pipeline Historically Black College and University (HBCU) for career education and professional development in the product creation industry.

The college is Michigan’s first and only HBCU and is the first design focused HBCU in the U.S.

City Highlight: Memphis Memphis is home to NIKE’s North America Logistics Campus and represents our second largest employee population in the U.S., after NIKE’s WHQ.

In FY22, we proudly made investments that supported nonprofit organizations serving kids and communities across the city.

These efforts benefited local schools, youth sport organizations and the National Civil Rights Museum.

Jordan BCC In FY22, within the 15M BCC investment, Jordan Brand granted 5 million to community organizations.

These investments were amplified by a personal donation of 5 million by Michael Jordan (not included in the total for this target) to deliver 10M collectively between Jordan Brand and Michael Jordan.

Next Gen Personal Finance expanded its financial literacy curriculum to 498,000 students and 639 high schools across the U.S.

TechGYRLS program provided access to opportunities in STEM for 200 girls in local communities.

The Hidden Genius Project trains and mentors Black male youth with technology education, entrepreneurship and leadership skills.

Our partnership with NIKE and Converse not only brings in resources and opportunity to our organization, it broadens our community.

Converse Converse is proud to make inclusive progress in its headquarters city of Boston, donating nearly 1 million in FY22 to serve Black communities through a robust community partner portfolio focused on positive youth development.

We partner with the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, Citizens for Juvenile Justice, Roca Inc., Youth Guidance and InnerCity Weightlifting (ICW).

Our efforts help to reimagine youth justice in Massachusetts and increase access to opportunity for youth from historically excluded communities.

Converse drives grassroots impact by working together with employee resource groups and employees to develop authentic strategies that are informed by local needs.

In FY22, Converse began to co create development programs alongside community partners, such as The Possible Zone’s Apparel Intensive, a tuition free program that brings high school students from under resourced communities through Converse’s apparel process from design to development to marketing to drive awareness and real life experience around the types of careers that are possible within the industry.

The program was facilitated by 18 Converse employees who worked with passion and pride to deliver a bespoke experience for these students.

Partner Highlight: InnerCity Weighlifting Our partnership with ICW demonstrates how these efforts help to drive meaningful change.

ICW is a non profit on a mission to amplify the voice and agency of people who have been most impacted by systemic racism and mass incarceration.

In FY22, NIKE provided funding through our Black Community Commitment for ICW’s core programming as well as content creation classes and equipment for their staff.

In addition to the grant funding, Converse incorporated ICW into our return to work fitness activations.

This programming allowed for ICW trainers to directly interact with Converse employees and build social capital, a proven model for disrupting current systems of segregation, isolation and racism.

It the Black Community Commitment grant and our partnership with NIKE and Converse not only bring in resources and opportunity to our organization, they broaden our community.

They broaden what is possible, all while helping to remove the blame of an individual, and instead putting an appropriate focus on the environment, says Jon Feinman, Executive Director and Founder at ICW.

The financial support and brand support amplify the community at ICW.

That we have partners to lean on, who expand the impact that happens at ICW beyond our immediate reach.

Alongside BCC, NIKE is proud to invest 18 million in grants that drive an inclusive community for all.

In FY22, our support expanded to include nonprofits outside the U.S., dedicated to creating a better and more equitable future for historically marginalized communities across EMEA and APLA.

In EMEA, we’re supporting organizations that are advancing equality through four dimensions of diversity: race and ethnicity, LGBTQIA , gender and disability.

As an example of the many organizations driving unparalleled work in creating a more inclusive community, we support London based organizations Disability Sports Coach, Not A Phase and Sporting Equals.

In FY22, NIKE also provided platforms for partners to have solution based conversations with one another and direct access to leaders across the NIKE business.

Through two virtual summits Black Boundless and Heritage Heroes we gathered a total of more than 50 partners for inspiring conversations and innovative workshops, and provided new tools and resources designed to empower and celebrate NIKE’s community of change makers, partners and NIKE employees.

I view it as a responsibility to myself and my community to contribute to a more equal and just society, and this includes my role at NIKE. I have the honor of working with nonprofit partners to remove barriers to economic empowerment, create access to education, and elevate opportunities to create the next generation of leaders and build capacity to fight social injustice.

London based organization, Not A Phase helps uplift the trans community.

That legacy has shaped our company today and inspires the future we’re creating.

There’s a coach in all of us and throughout the year, we gave our employees around the world the opportunity to tap into the power of coaching and share their passion for sport with the next generation.

As employees returned to the workplace at the end of the fiscal year, giving them opportunities to impact their communities was the perfect way to welcome them back and celebrate NIKE’s culture of community.

We hosted an Appreciation Day in our offices around the world to inspire employees to give back to their communities through coaching.

At our WHQ in Oregon, four time Olympic gold medalist Sanya Richards Ross and Coaching Peace founder Diana Cutaia co hosted a day full of coaching conversations with NIKE and Jordan Brand athletes and fun and inclusive play and sport activities.

We invited more than 35 nonprofit partners from the Portland metro area to connect with employees about volunteer and coaching opportunities.

Around the world, we provided thousands of employees with coach trainings as well as virtual and in person volunteer opportunities to put their learnings into practice with community partner organizations.

Our employee giving platform, Give Your Best, continues to serve as the strongest measure of our employees’ engagement in their communities.

In FY22, amid the COVID 19 pandemic and community lockdowns, 35% of our global employee population engaged with Give Your Best to help deliver NIKE’s Purpose.

More than 7,000 NIKE employees gave to nearly 4,000 organizations around the world.

Employees directed 20 million with the Nike Foundation’s employee matching gift program to support the causes, nonprofits and schools they care about most.

More than 2,200 employees from 28 different countries volunteered, largely through virtual programming, over 62,000 hours in their communities, earning reward dollars that employees can give to the nonprofit of their choice.

Employees in Laakdal, Belgium, home to our European Logistics Campus, were among our most active volunteers, committing nearly 6,000 hours to their communities.

For the fifth year in a row, we celebrated Giving Tuesday by encouraging employees around the world to give with the Nike Foundation offering a double match for all employee donations made on the Give Your Best platform.

More than 2,600 employees directed 10 million to 2,275 organizations, which was a 43% increase in giving from the previous year.

To help employees across China donate on Giving Tuesday and beyond our NIKE Greater China team launched an industry leading, China specific extension of our global Give Your Best platform to help activate the annual day of giving for employees there.

As a unique offering by a global company, this NIKE platform created by, and for, our local Greater China teammates, with special consideration to local regulations, enables mainland China employees to donate and connect with volunteer opportunities in their local communities.

A key enabler of our commitment to coaching and helping all kids achieve their full potential, the NIKE Community Ambassador (NCA) program empowers NIKE retail store employees to volunteer with kids on a consistent basis as coaches in their local communities.

NCAs bring to life fun and informed coaching strategies to create an inclusive environment for all kids, inspiring them to be active for life, because an active generation means a more equitable and better future.

Since FY16, more than 14,500 NCAs from nearly 900 different stores in 648 cities around the world have volunteered to coach kids in their communities, resulting in more than 270,000 volunteer hours.

The NCA program also serves as a pathway for leadership development and career growth.

By becoming an NCA, retail store employees learn critical and transferable in store and out of store skills, including communicating with vision and purpose, fostering effective teamwork, valuing differences, thinking strategically and building trust across teammates, leaders and partners.

The leadership skills they acquire through the program better prepare them for elevated roles within our stores or offices.

In FY22, as the COVID 19 pandemic persisted and school and community programs remained closed, NCA in person volunteer opportunities were also suspended to focus on the health of our employees and community members.

To continue a spirit of volunteering, the NCA program pivoted to enhanced virtual training offerings and placed an emphasis on NCA leadership development.

Plans were made to expand the number of Elevated Community Champions in FY23, a role created in FY20 that is responsible for building relationships with community partners and store leadership and leading program communication.

The NIKE Community Impact Fund (NCIF) is our employee led grant making program that supports organizations creating active communities and providing access to play and sport.

NCIF empowers employees in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan to bring their purposes to life in their communities by involving them in the grant selection process.

This employee led, neighborhood focused approach allows us to support local, grassroots organizations that are driving positive, lasting change and to make play possible for all kids and the community.

In FY22, the NCIF program included store athletes in the grant selection process, inviting them to vote on the organizations selected, with more than 241 retail store employees across the U.S. engaged.

Additionally, the program expanded to Berlin and Tokyo.

In FY22, we provided 1.5 million in grants to support active, inclusive, community based initiatives with more than 160 local organizations.

Launched in 2015, the Jordan Wings program provides access to opportunity to global youth, serving communities across the U.S., China, and France in FY22.

In China, youth in undeveloped areas were supported by pairing them with employees who served as program mentors.

In total, the program has supported more than 2,800 high school youth through 511 employee mentors 65% of whom were female dedicating more than 110,000 volunteer hours to the program.

In FY22, as we celebrated the 25th anniversary of the Jordan Brand in China, the Jordan Wings program innovated to new heights, launching the Jordan Wings summer internship program, which provides outstanding graduates with internship opportunities within the Jordan Brand team.

Converse’s youth engagement model is designed to encourage meaningful engagement between employees and our community partners through skills based volunteering, team volunteering and networking.

In FY22, Converse employees volunteered more than 950 hours, including one of a kind creative opportunities for youth, like the design and development of the 2022 All Star Weekend Celebrity Game jerseys.

Young creatives like Sofia Liashcheva and Andre Weiss were invited from the Las Fotos Project and Boston’s Institute of Contemporary Art to capture the entire creative process.

To help design the East team uniforms, self taught artist Abel Teclemariam, an 18 year old member of Converse community partner The Possible Zone, drew inspiration from street art and murals all around the East Coast.

Thirteen year old Boyle Heights Arts Conservatory member Nestor Lil Nes Hernandez created the West team jersey’s design, which paid homage to the 1990s, basketball and the NBA’s 75th anniversary.

Lil Nes Hernandez designing the 2022 All Star Weekend Celebrity Game jersey for the West team.

You can use your own personal experience to engage with kids.

If you can be your true self with confidence, it shows kids they can, too.

Jessica Santiago knows the importance of showing up as a coach.

You know the girl who’s too scared to play She’ll notice that you keep coming back, that you remember her name and that you know how far she jumped last week.

Before joining NIKE, Jessica worked as a childcare director at her local YMCA.

Putting her background in developmental psychology to practical use, she brought play, movement and creativity to kids.

In the nine years since joining NIKE, Jessica has worked her way up from a seasonal employee to her role today as an Athlete Services Coach at her store in Milpitas, California.

Her leadership is grounded in understanding her team’s needs because she’s been in their shoes.

In 2015, Jessica became a NIKE Community Ambassador (NCA). NCAs like Jessica volunteer as a coach in their local community globally, more than 6,700 store employees have served as volunteer youth coaches.

For Jessica, the NCA program is a full circle experience.

She’s back to volunteering at the YMCA, where she and other NCAs spend five hours a week coaching kids.

When she coaches, she brings her personal experience and knowledge, helping to level the playing field for all.

Routine is really important for me because it impacts the rest of your day.

Every morning, I start with a small walk around the block with my puppy, Little Guy, followed by a cup of coffee and a breakfast sandwich.

I always arrive to work 10 15 minutes prior to my start time to get myself ready for the business day.

By showing up early, I can spend time with my team and check in with everyone on a personal level.

Acknowledging everyone by name and building connections is a part of my job that I thoroughly enjoy.

I’ve been told you can hear my laugh from the other side of the building.

The East Valley YMCA where our NCA team volunteers is a local organization we have partnered with for three sport seasons.

As a NCA District Champion, I participate in trainings with NIKE’s Social Community Impact team and the Center for Healing and Justice though Sport.

These trainings have helped me to share with our athletes the importance of proper volunteer etiquette through digital training modules, and also help guide them during bi monthly district calls.

All of this helps us to form long term relationships with the kids we coach.

A standout experience for me was coaching the flag football team with The Boys Girls Club.

There were 12 girls in the team, all super excited to compete.

We went onto the field confident and united as a team.

And we won It taught these girls that they’re fully capable of anything they put their minds to.

That’s something I’ll pass on to every athlete I talk to.

When we return from a volunteering experience we’re always excited to share the energy with teammates back at the store.

It’s just one way we are so much more than just a retail store.

In my time working at NIKE, I’ve come to know customers as friends.

A father and his daughter have been visiting NIKE since she was 12.

She’s now 18 and I have loved hearing about her successes over the years, in school and softball.

I’ve also become close with a Physical Education teacher.

As a coach, I love hearing about her programs and how she helps keep kids engaged with sports, and that also helps me find what she needs as a customer.

Once I’ve checked in with my team and ensured everyone knows their priorities for the day, I work on creating a daily and weekly checklist.

The checklist may range from scheduling a community practice, onboarding new hires, completing a sales forecast or individual conversations with athletes.

I make sure to set time aside with my assistant head coach(es), too.

Whether I’m working on the floor or in the office, my team knows they can always pull me aside for a chat.

A good leader has to start from a place of empathy and understanding, and I work hard to demonstrate to my team the ways I can support them.

I can ask, Are you feeling overwhelmed and offer to cover their zone so they can take a break.

Or Do you need to pick up your kids from school and schedule a touchbase to discuss an accommodation we can work into the system.

We also have NIKE resources we can utilize such as Lyra, which provides mental health support for employees.

That was especially useful during the first years of the pandemic, when so many people were feeling overwhelmed.

As a NIKE Community Ambassador, we communicate the importance of consistency and celebration every day.

I used to compete on several urban hip hop teams in the Bay Area.

Now I have a strong habit of daily movement by going to the gym.

Exercising doesn’t just better my state of mind, it makes me happy.

Even if it’s just 10 minutes, it keeps me accountable.

As a NIKE Community Ambassador, we tell the kids we coach the same thing: consistency is everything.

In FY22, Nike invested 149.4 million, which represented 2.24% of the prior year’s pre tax income exceeding our 2025 target of 2% investment.

Given the long impact of COVID 19 and increasing needs from communities around the world, this represented NIKE’s largest annual community investment to date.

At NIKE, our commitment to women and girls runs deep.

It encompasses our global key cities and employee backyards.

Since 2008, the Nike Foundation has supported the Girl Effect and FY22 was no exception.

The Girl Effect is a movement that continues to enable the unique potential of adolescent girls to end poverty for themselves, their families, their communities, their countries and the world.

It aims to make girls visible and change their social and economic environment by equipping them with specific, powerful and relevant resources.

In FY22, NIKE supported more diverse communities than ever before, through partnerships committed to supporting girls and women from Black and brown communities beginning in North America and across our EMEA and APLA geographies.

We brought the full breadth of NIKE’s support to the communities most in need.

A few examples that underscore our commitment include NIKE’s 4 million investment in The Asian American Foundation and our ongoing support of HBCUs.

To help us create long term, strategic impact, we evolved our grant making process by providing more multi year grants to leading organizations.

Our aim is to increase the number of larger multi year grants in the future, as we know that sustained social and community impact extends beyond 12 month horizons.

NIKE also responds to unforeseen events that significantly impact communities around the world.

In FY22, NIKE and the Nike Foundation provided more than 4.6 million toward disaster response efforts.

This included wildfire and hurricane relief in the U.S., flooding in the Henan province of China and our response efforts to support displaced citizens of Ukraine.

To further support our communities, NIKE donated 276,000 units of product to schools and community organizations.

These products benefit the community and help remove barriers to product that youth face when it comes to accessing play and sport opportunities.

For Jordan Brand, FY22 was defined by continuing to create pathways to excellence and equity through its signature Jordan Wings program, and its ongoing commitment to the Black community.

In addition to the deepened investments made through these spaces, through the growth of the Jordan Wings program, Jordan Brand also ushered in a new era for access in design education within key homes for basketball culture.

In Paris, the Jordan Wings Design Program started its work with three key community partners Prom th e Education, Le BAL’s Fabrique du Regard and Casa93, while the U.S. based end of the program paired Fuel Up to Play 60 students with NFL athletes to give them the opportunity to design custom performance footwear for players.

For FY22 and across its Purpose led investments this resulted in Jordan Brand serving communities through a network of more than 80 global community partners and nearly 13 million in total program support.

FY22 for Converse signified serving more than 7,000 youth 60% of whom identified as female or gender non conforming.

In addition, Converse’s charitable contributions grew by 77% over the prior fiscal year and contributed to the expansion of its portfolio of community impact partners leveraging creativity and arts programming to drive positive youth development in Boston and Los Angeles.

Throughout the year, Converse invested in programs supporting youth through art exploration and development.

These programs included Artists for Humanity, Boyle Heights Arts Conservatory, Inner City Arts, Las Fotos Project, OrigiNation, Zumix and the teen programs at the Institute of Contemporary Art Boston and Museum of Fine Arts Boston.

This report has been prepared by NIKE management under the oversight of the Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability Governance Committee of the NIKE, Inc. Board of Directors.

This report, our FY22 SASB Summary document and all NIKE’s historical Impact Reports are available at about.nike.com en impact.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

When we reference NIKE, Inc., unless otherwise stated, we are referencing our portfolio of brands including the NIKE Brand, Jordan Brand and Converse.

This report covers NIKE’s fiscal year 2022 (June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2022).

We will refer to the fiscal year as FY22 and the calendar year as CY22 in the report.

Unless otherwise stated, the baseline for our 2025 targets is FY20.

Building on NIKE’s reporting tradition since 2002, we expect to continue reporting annual progress toward our social and environmental targets and priority issues.

We have obtained external assurance on select reported metrics, including energy consumption and renewable electricity use in owned or operated facilities Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions a subset of Scope 3 GHG emissions including commercial air travel, inbound logistics and outbound logistics and cumulative water restoration funding.

At NIKE, we’ll never stop striving for better whether it’s understanding the issues we impact, the change we can lead or the future we shape together.

Each year, we update the results of our issue prioritization by gathering direct and indirect insights from key stakeholders, integrating internal metrics, benchmarking key companies, monitoring regulations and performing news and media scans to determine the most relevant issues for our company and the impacts most directly linked to those issues.

We worked with Datamaran, an organization that identifies and monitors ESG risks and opportunities on an ongoing basis by scanning regulatory, media and corporate disclosure environments.

As in the previous assessment, we commissioned GlobeScan an independent insights and advisory company to conduct the overall analysis of our issue prioritization.

By assessing issues that could impact NIKE’s business and financial success (inward impacts), seen on the X axis.

Together, these views help determine which issues are essential for NIKE to address and strategize around in order to minimize risk and make the most progress toward positive change.

Note that all of the issues identified on the matrix are considered important to NIKE.

The top 16 issues in the upper right of the matrix are considered essential priorities.

We know that many, if not all, of these issues are interconnected, with management of our top issues being dependent on how we manage other issues identified on the matrix.

Changes in FY22 from FY21 include one new issue in Transparency and Reporting, and an updated definition for Business Resilience.

Please see the table below for our 32 Priority Issues and corresponding definitions.

Transparency and Reporting 11. Business Resilience 12.

Support or advance public policy that aligns with NIKE’s commitments on environmental, social, and economic issues.

Pollutants to air and water from NIKE’s operations, products and services, and supply chain.

Impacts to biodiversity and ecosystems, through transformation of habitats, land use, and other business activities.

Corporate activities, including sponsorship and partnerships, that align to NIKE’s values on environmental, social and economic issues.

Promoting solutions and managing disruptions and impacts on the value chain associated with climate change, public health, natural disasters, conflict, political impacts, and other impacts.

Chemicals used in making materials, products and substances released to the environment (air and water) that may be harmful or toxic to humans and ecosystems.

Sustained community impact in primary markets and sourcing backyards philanthropic efforts employee involvement and volunteering in communities.

Disclosures to customers and users about products and services including safeguarding consumer health and safety when using products and reducing risk of injury.

Safeguard privacy personal data of customers, employees, and business partners.

Attracting and retaining talent offering training and development for employees to build capability and career opportunities.

Fairness of treatment and compensation across all levels of the business representation of female and minority employees in workforce, management board.

The ability for NIKE employees to be heard, present, focused, and energized, while feeling connected to NIKE’s Purpose workplace wellness and engagement initiatives ensuring a positive workplace culture.

NIKE employee health and safety practices in its’ operations.

Impacts on the environment and local communities of Nike’s buildings and workplace practices.

Ethical and transparent corporate behavior by combatting dishonest or fraudulent conduct by those in power, typically involving bribery, corruption and intellectual property infringement.

Operations and suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor.

Greenhouse gas emissions in material sourcing, manufacturing, transportation and other business activities.

Worker health and safety practices throughout the supply chain.

Promoting healthy habits, play and sport in kids and adults risks to consumer base associated with the spread of obesity and inactive lifestyles.

Design products, services and marketing that are widely inclusive of and reflect the wide diversity of the consumer base.

Focus on sourcing goods and services that enable NIKE to maintain and develop its corporate non manufacturing operations with diverse (i.e. ethnic racial minority, women, disabled, LGBTQ, and veteran) suppliers ones that are majority owned, operated, managed, and controlled by a person or persons from diverse backgrounds.

Protection and monitoring of the labor rights of workers in NIKE’s supply chain (operations and manufacturing), including the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining, child labor, and other labor rights.

Waste generated throughout NIKE’s value chain activities to reduce, reuse or recycle and responsibly manage dispose of waste.

Choice of non renewable and renewable materials consideration of social and environmental impacts associated with the types of materials used and the source prioritizing less impactful options and third party certifications.

Designing products, packaging, and processes for durability, reuse, recycling and circularity.

Creating equitable playing fields and breaking down societal barriers for all athletes diverse athlete endorsements increase access to sport.

Energy used for electricity use of fossil fuels and renewable energy sources.

Promoting responsible and safe use of technology to create new and modified products, packaging and ways of conducting business considering the impacts of automation.

Transparent processes and systems to help ensure suppliers uphold standards on environmental, social, and ethical business practice issues.

Implementing policies and practices to manage and measure environmental and social impacts Oversight and accountability for managing ESG risk Publicly reporting on sustainability ESG related issues, risks, opportunities, and outcomes as well as how they are managed and addressed by the business.

Water consumed throughout NIKE’s value chain monitoring and or mitigating our impacts in water scarce regions.

Building the capacity throughout NIKE’s supply chain for workers to receive training and development to build capability and career opportunities.

NIKE’s commitment to Purpose begins at the highest level with our Board of Directors (Board).

The Board oversees our Purpose work primarily through the Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability Governance Committee (CRS G Committee).

As specified in its charter, the CRS G Committee reviews and provides guidance with respect to NIKE’s corporate Purpose, including corporate responsibility, sustainability, human rights, global community and social impact, and diversity, equity and inclusion.

The CRS G Committee oversees both the risks and the opportunities associated with Purpose.

Specifically, this includes reviewing significant Purpose strategies, activities, policies, investments and programs monitoring the development of, and progress toward, our Purpose targets and providing guidance regarding Purpose reporting.

At each Board meeting, the CRS G Committee reports to the Board on Purpose highlights and key developments.

The Compensation Committee also plays a significant role in the People pillar by overseeing talent management and development for executive officers and senior management, including with respect to employee engagement and workplace diversity and inclusion.

Purpose Management Purpose leadership begins with our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Leadership Team, who set the tone and ensure it is integrated into NIKE’s business strategy.

Cross functional teams support this integrated approach while dedicated functional leadership drives the day to day work.

NIKE Global Risk Management (GRM) is an independent and objective internal audit and risk organization that is guided by a philosophy of enhancing and protecting NIKE, Inc.’s value and brand through world class risk management capabilities.

It assists NIKE, Inc. in accomplishing its objectives by partnering with management to build and maintain effective risk management, control and governance processes.

GRM reports to the Chief Financial Officer and is over seen by the Audit Finance Committee.

GRM identifies and evaluates risks to NIKE, Inc., including those related to Purpose, as part of its risk assessment process.

This process then informs GRM’s audit and risk plan and how GRM deploys risk management services across NIKE, Inc.

Regular risk updates and insights are provided to management and the Audit Finance Committee.

Employee representation metrics in this report regarding race ethnicity characteristics are based on voluntary employee self identification or, in conformance with EEO 1 data collection guidance, these employees have been identified using commonly accepted HR practices as Not Hispanic Latino, Two or More Races, or Unknown.

OH S data is reported using calendar year (CY) instead of fiscal year (FY) to align data with regulatory reporting requirements, including Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), both of which are used as an industry standard.

The industry average comes from the United States Department of Labor BLS.

Each industry classification, such as DCs and Air MI, offices, footwear manufacturing, apparel manufacturing, reports a separate average for recordable injuries and lost time rates each of which are captured and recorded separately.

Data is collected based on U.S. legal reporting requirements, reporting on all NIKE’s operations except retail, which is excluded from OSHA record keeping requirements.

Retail injury rates will be included in future reports.

Each industry classification (such as DC, Air Manufacturing Innovation (Air MI), Offices, Footwear Manufacturing, Apparel Manufacturing) reports a separate average for recordable injuries and lost time rates (which are captured).

After implementation of a manufacturing expansion and site diversification plan, the broader All other plastics product manufacturing category is now a more accurate description for Air MI’s business.

Both Unlaminated Plastics Film Sheet Manufacturing and Unlaminated Plastics Profile Shape Manufacturing occur at Air MI facilities.

Tier 1 focus factory data is self reported by factories and may be incomplete.

At the time of the FY22 NIKE, Inc. Impact Report publication, December 2021 data was estimated for factories where actual data was unavailable.

The BLS does not calculate manufacturing rates for equipment accessories.

From CY21 onwards through the FY25 target cycle, there are no accessories focus factories.

NIKE converts all energy consumption to kWhe using net calorific value of the direct fuels consumption, including transportation fuels.

Emissions data for HFCs, PFCs and SF6 are not reported.

NIKE has phased out SF6 and therefore doesn’t have SF6 emissions.

Emissions for other greenhouse gases are either not relevant, immaterial, or data is not available.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

Scope includes suppliers representing approximately 80% of total footwear and apparel production suppliers representing approximately 80% of total footwear upper materials and apparel textiles production and about 95% of both inbound and outbound transportation.

Includes emissions across NIKE brands and product engines, including from raw materials production, materials manufacturing, materials finishing, finished goods manufacturing, packaging materials, and transactions via RTFKT (since acquisition in FY22).

Starting with FY22 data, end of life emissions from packaging have been migrated from Category 1 to Category 12 (End of Life Treatment of Sold Products) as more granular data has become available.

Emissions data is calculated using primary activity data and extrapolations.

NIKE Brand and Converse footwear finished goods manufacturing emissions data is derived from 97% primary data apparel from 63% primary data.

For this subset, vendors provide monthly energy consumption: from the local utility grid, onsite generators, other fuels, and purchased steam.

For electricity: kWh values are multiplied by CO2e emissions factors for electricity purchased from the local utility grid by the country region in which the factory resides.

For onsite generation and other fuels: CO2e emissions are calculated using the IPCC bottoms up calculation methodology.

CO2e methodologies are used for emissions estimates outside of footwear finished goods manufacturing based on lifecycle analysis data applied to product creation data, and employ conservative assumptions to avoid understating NIKE’s footprint.

To evaluate NIKE’s value chain footprint, we identified and quantified CO2e emissions created at each stage of the value chain.

The impact of each individual product differs considerably, based on its profile, materials used, size and weight, method of manufacture, and location of production, use, and disposal.

Several internal and external tools were used to develop this estimation including NIKE’s Materials Sustainability Index, Enablon, and COMPASS (life cycle packaging tool).

As of FY22, we’ve aligned with the latest version of updated Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg MSI (Higg MSI) lifecycle emission factors.

See GRI 305 3: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions section for details.

NIKE does not have significant investment in capital goods as most manufacturing equipment is owned and operated by contracted factories.

Includes emissions associated with the extraction, production, and transportation of fuels and energy purchased and reported in NIKE’s Scope 1 footprint.

Does not include upstream electricity emissions, T D losses, or other onsite fuels besides natural gas (propane, diesel, biogas, hi sene).

Includes 95% of global inbound transportation and 95% of global outbound transportation via the following modes of transportation: air, ocean, truck and rail.

Also included is the shipment via air freight of NIKE AirBags produced in North America and shipped as components for footwear manufacturing to manufacturing partners in Asia.

Emissions data is calculated using primary activity data, extrapolated consumption, and publicly available CO2e emissions factors.

Consumption is multiplied by the emissions factor, using an identical global factor across all countries and regions.

Transactional data is applied to a third party transportation carbon calculator against industry standard emissions factors (distance travelled x cargo weight or volume x emission factor).

Upstream emissions from air transport of airbag components is calculated using industry standard air freight emission factors per ton mile and production volume.

Emissions relative to the fate of the waste generated in our own operations including HQs, DCs, and Air MI.

Total HQs, DCs, and Air MI waste not diverted from landfill multiplied by a lifecycle assessment based emission factor for municipal waste sent to landfill.

Emissions associated with the transportation of employees between their homes and work locations.

Air CO2 emissions are estimated based on number and distance of trips.

Short haul trips are less fuel efficient per mile flown.

Longer haul flights become less efficient due to the need to carry more fuel.

Internal employee commuting survey data is used to inform the allocation of methods modes that NIKE applies to its global employee base.

Each mode is assigned an emission factor relative to fuel type.

Assumptions are made about the average number of working days per year, average number of commuting days per year (given introduction of the flex work week), and the average distance between an employee’s home and worksite.

NIKE does not have significant emissions from upstream leased assets.

Excludes emissions from consumers traveling to stores.

Transactional data is applied to a third party transportation carbon calculator against industry standard emissions factors (distance travelled x cargo weight or volume x emission factor).

Non NIKE paid freight is determined calculating the difference between Inbound and Outbound freight and using the outbound freight emissions factor to determine total emissions.

NIKE’s products are finished consumer goods and do not undergo any additional processing once sold.

These emissions are associated with washing and drying NIKE’s sold apparel and starting with FY22 data, socks.

Footwear and equipment were assumed to not be washed.

Emissions from use of sold products are excluded from SBT scope.

There is no primary emissions data available from use of NIKE’s products.

Consumer energy usage was estimated based on the following assumptions: only apparel units and socks are washed and dried.

Each item was assumed to be washed 52 times in one year.

The washing assumptions were based on regional consumer washing practices and estimates of washing machine types by region.

CO2e was based on regional conversion factors applied to the estimated energy usage.

These emissions are associated with the disposal of products including landfill and incineration.

There is no primary emissions data available for end of life treatment of NIKE’s products.

To evaluate NIKE’s value chain footprint, we identified and quantified CO2e emissions created at each stage of the value chain.

The impact of each individual product differs considerably, based on its profile, materials used, size and weight, method of manufacture, and location of production, use and disposal.

Several internal and external tools were used to develop this estimation including NIKE’s Materials Sustainability Index, EPA’s Waste Reduction Model (WARM), and COMPASS (life cycle packaging tool).

Finished goods were assumed to be disposed of at the end of one year.

Based on waste treatment data from the COMPASS software database, end of life (EOL) carbon impacts from packaging are calculated using country and material specific packaging waste treatment data and emissions factors.

This includes assumptions from COMPASS on waste treatment pathways for specific geographies and material type pairings as well as emissions factors for each type of treatment (e.g.

Prior to FY22, NIKE included the EOL impacts of Packaging in the Purchased Goods and Services category.

NIKE does not have significant emissions from downstream leased assets.

NIKE does not have significant emissions from franchises.

NIKE does not have significant emissions from investments.

Annual compliance assessments verify that suppliers are meeting the requirements in the NIKE Code of Conduct and Code Leadership Standards (CLS). Verifiers confirm that partners have obtained all required permits with safety, health and environmental control programs including proper management of hazardous waste and hazardous waste vendors selected by the supplier being properly qualified and licensed.

This metric is part of Management’s Assertion on select sustainability metrics, which PwC has performed limited assurance over for the period from June 1, 2021, to May 31, 2022, as indicated in the Report of Independent Accountants.

Owned or operated data includes electricity only full energy view for FY22 can be seen on the previous pages.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

In cases where shifts in scope, methodology and or data quality have led to changes in previously reported performance results, we’ve restated historically reported results.

Sustainability data is shaped by a landscape of evolving methodologies, advancing standards, and expansions in data accessibility over time.

Adapting to these changes while maintaining comparability in our data is critical to instilling integrity and confidence in the validity of the insights the data provides.

We understand that we must adapt and be nimble to keep pace with new innovations, broadening data sets, and emerging standards.

We continue to focus on the internal controls in our sustainability data processes and systems.

We have obtained external assurance on select reported metrics (Scope 1 and 2 energy consumption and emissions, renewable energy including direct fuel use and electricity, Scope 3 commercial air travel emissions, and inbound and outbound logistics emissions and cumulative water restoration funding).

Emissions Activity Data: FY20 Q3 trailing 12 months ((TTM) FY20 Q4 FY19 Q4).

Carbon Manufacturing Emissions Activity Data: FY20 Q4 percent of FY observed historically.

Waste Manufacturing and Packaging FY20 Q4 average of Q1 3.

Due to the effects of COVID 19, the fourth quarter of FY20 (March 2020 May 2020) resulted in lower than normal production, impacting the final measurement year of our FY20 targets and baseline measurement year of our FY25 targets.

To help enable measurement consistency and avoid the inevitable artificial reductions in performance metrics during this unprecedented time, continuing our approach from our FY20 NIKE Impact Report, we have adjusted Q4 performance figures for the targets that were most impacted (carbon, waste and water).

These Q4 adjustments generally reflect an FY20 Q3 trailing 12 month view of performance and provided a more conservative view of where we landed on FY20 targets than would be rendered using actual performance figures during the global shutdown.

These adjustments had the effect of inflating our footprint to resemble business as usual and were only applied to targets where we were aiming for a reduction in impact vs. baseline ( reduction targets ) and to targets where we were aiming to reach a certain percentage ( reach targets ) that share underlying data with reduction targets.

None of the adjustments resulting in meeting targets that we would not have met if we didn’t normalize our performance to minimize the impact of the COVID 19 slowdown on our FY20 targets target year and FY25 targets baseline year.

We carried this approach through to measuring performance toward our FY25 targets to ensure consistency in how we accounted for the pandemic across target periods.

We do not have a significant portion of the organization’s activities performed by people who are not employees.

NIKE reports its top material volumes, which include renewable materials: cotton and leather and non renewable materials: polyester, rubber and EVA foam.

All material types reported are purchased from external suppliers except for EVA foam, which is sourced internally.

Data reported consists of both direct measurements and estimates.

While many materials are measured directly for a wide variety of products, some volumes are estimated.

The majority of cotton and polyester volume data is sourced using direct measurements, though product creation data is used to estimate material volumes for certain parts of the business.

Nike does not currently measure reductions in energy requirements of products and services.

Additional Information Contract manufacturers report their freshwater withdrawal volumes and source to NIKE in accordance with NIKE’s Water Program, which outlines measurement practices and defines freshwater sources.

The facility boundary is equivalent to the property boundary, and freshwater is inclusive of domestic and manufacturing use.

Additional Information Contract manufacturers report their freshwater withdrawal volumes and source to NIKE in accordance with NIKE’s Water Program, which outlines measurement practices and defines freshwater sources.

The facility boundary is equivalent to the property boundary, and freshwater is inclusive of domestic and manufacturing use.

Additional Information NIKE converts all energy consumption to kWhe using net calorific value of the direct fuel consumption, including transportation fuels.

Emissions data for HFCs, PFCs and SF6 are not reported.

NIKE has phased out SF6 and therefore doesn’t have SF6 emissions.

Emissions for other greenhouse gases are either not relevant, immaterial or data is not available.

For information on direct and indirect energy consumption, Scope 1 and 2 emissions and the Scope 3 emissions accounting standard used, see the Management Assertion letter.

Additional breakdowns of Scope 1 and 2 emissions are shown below.

Scope 3 Emissions: Since the FY21 NIKE Impact Report publication in March 2022, NIKE updated the methodology used to calculate a subset of Scope 3 emissions, starting with FY22 data.

More information on these methodological changes is below.

The Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg MSI (Higg MSI) is a database of environmental impact information specific for the footwear and apparel industry and is among many data sources used to construct NIKE’s Scope 3 GHG emissions footprint.

As the primary data source for quantifying NIKE’s upstream materials emissions (inclusive of raw materials and materials production), NIKE leverages Higg MSI in a programmatic way to systematically calculate the carbon impact of all of its materials used to make product.

Materials used in Product In FY22, NIKE used Higg MSI version 3.5 as the raw process data source and mapped Higg processes to NIKE material attributes to calculate impacts on a per kilogram basis, specific to a Nike material.

The material level carbon impact emission factors are multiplied by the volume of those respective materials used in product based on produced units in any given year.

Prior to FY22, NIKE used an earlier version of the Higg MSI database to estimate the impact of all NIKE materials.

Further, the ability to map NIKE materials processes to Higg data was not as detailed as today.

We’re now able to more accurately align materials attributes (by process) to individual Higg process level data.

Materials used in Packaging Nike uses COMPASS a third party packaging life cycle assessment (LCA) software to calculate upstream materials and manufacturing carbon emission factors, to then estimate the impact of various packaging items including shoeboxes, polybags and hangtags.

The packaging emission factors represent the carbon impact of the production and transport of materials and the manufacturing emissions associated with each packaging item.

As more granular data has become available, end of life emissions from packaging have been migrated to Category 12 (End of Life Treatment of Sold Products), starting with FY22 data.

Materials used in Product NIKE calculated EOL impacts of NIKE product based on derived material types and amounts used to manufacture product.

For each of these material type categories, specific EOL carbon impact emission factors are derived based on the EPA’s Waste Reduction Model (WARM) and derived biogenic carbon content.

The EOL emission factor utilized was specific to each material type, and based on a weighted average breakdown of 67% landfill and 33% incineration, leveraging the global average waste treatment pathway for footwear and apparel products.

For materials with biogenic carbon content, the fraction of biogenic and fossil carbon was taken into account when characterizing emissions.

Before FY22, NIKE calculated EOL impacts of NIKE product based on the number of units produced, regardless of material type, and utilized an aggregated EOL carbon impact emission factor from the EPA’s Waste Reduction Model (WARM).

The proxy material used from WARM was the mixed MSW waste type.

Assumptions on global average waste treatment pathways remain unchanged.

Packaging Based on waste treatment data from the COMPASS software database, EOL carbon impacts are calculated using country and material specific packaging waste treatment data and emissions factors.

This includes assumptions from COMPASS on waste treatment pathways for specific geographies and material type pairings as well as emissions factors for each type of treatment (e.g.

Prior to FY22, NIKE included the EOL impacts of Packaging in the Purchased Goods and Services category.

Nike does not track emissions of ozone depleting substances.

Nike does not track NOx, SOx, and other air emissions.

The factors described below contributed to historical revisions of Scope 1 emissions data.

With the updates, scope 1 emissions are 9% historically reported values, for both FY20 and 21.

Distribution Centers Minor formulaic error discovered and corrected in biogas calculations.

Offices and Air MI Expanded the reporting scope to include refrigerants as an emissions source.

Headquarter Fleet Vehicles Gaps in historical diesel fuel and EHQ and Converse HQ fleet were addressed.

Internal reporting restructuring shifted treatment of Global Store to further consistency in geography reporting.

During the shift, minor shipping adjustments that were made post data lockdown were absorbed in the transportation emissions calculation system.

Historical outbound emissions increased 0.01% as a result.

Various changes across NIKE’s waste footprint required revisions to historical waste data.

Finished goods manufacturing footwear waste Internal waste scrap material guide was updated to reflect evolution in waste tracking capabilities and materials used, establishing more granularity than was previously available.

Material reused in the factory that isn’t considered waste was scoped out of historical waste values as a result.

The difference in updated footwear finished goods manufacturing waste per unit compared to historically reported values of the same scope (FY20, 21) is 0.5% per year.

The revisions impact historically reported enterprise waste diversion by reducing diverted waste by 0.01%.

Finished goods manufacturing apparel waste Fabric previously reported as downcycled open loop is now reproduced for another brand in the same factory, enabling the shift to being classified as closed loop.

Changes were made in tandem with the footwear revisions described above, deployed back to FY20 when the process shift initiated.

These changes, together with those from the footwear scrap material guide updates described above, impacted FY20 and 21 enterprise waste recycling by lowering it 0.5%.

Packaging Formulaic errors in baseline source data transformations were discovered and resolved across footwear, apparel, and accessories packaging, increasing overall FY20 packaging waste by 1% compared to historically reported values.

We have reviewed the accompanying NIKE, Inc. (NIKE) management assertion that the energy emissions metrics for the year ended May 31, 2022 and the cumulative water restoration funding metric as of May 31, 2022 (collectively the sustainability metrics ) in management’s assertion are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in management’s assertion.

NIKE’s management is responsible for its assertion and for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics.

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based on our review.

Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT C section 210, Review Engagements.

Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion.

Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed.

We believe that the review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.

Our firm applies the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment.

In performing our review, we performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the sustainability metrics, reviewed supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the sustainability metrics, and performed analytical procedures.

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions quantification is subject to significant inherent measurement uncertainty because of such things as GHG emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to calculate GHG emissions, and the inability of these models, due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to accurately measure under all circumstances the relationship between various inputs and the resultant GHG emissions.

Environmental and energy use data used in GHG emissions calculations are subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for measuring such data.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

The preparation of the energy consumption metrics require management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

NIKE has (i) estimated GHG emissions for certain sources and consumption for energy metrics for which no primary usage data is available and (ii) in fiscal year 2022, changed its reporting boundary to include fugitive emissions from refrigerant gas loss in reporting its Scope 1 emissions for certain facilities.

Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to NIKE’s management assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

Includes direct fuel use and purchased or acquired electricity consumption.

Overview NIKE, Inc. ( NIKE ) management is responsible for the selection of the assessment criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the energy and emissions and the cumulative water restoration funding metrics (collectively the sustainability metrics ) presented in the tables above.

NIKE management is also responsible for the completeness, accuracy, and validity of the sustainability metrics.

Electricity Contracts as described in NIKE’s market based emissions table below.

Total electricity consumption includes electricity, onsite solar and onsite wind consumption.

Actual activity data is sourced from direct measurement or third party invoices when possible.

Where actual data is not available, consumption is estimated.

Our estimation methodology for electricity is described below.

Renewable Electricity in MWh) (Total Direct Fuel Use in MWh Total Electricity Consumption in MWh) X 100.

Renewable direct fuel includes sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and biogas.

Total direct fuel use includes natural gas, hi sene, diesel, propane, gasoline, jet fuel, sustainable aviation fuel and biogas.

Actual activity data is sourced from direct measurement or third party invoices when possible.

Where actual data is not available, consumption is estimated.

Our estimation methodology for natural gas and electricity are described below.

Includes NIKE owned or operated NIKE Brand and Converse stores globally.

Energy consumption includes natural gas and electricity.

Natural gas usage outside of the U.S. and Canada (and for landlord managed facilities in the U.S. and Canada), and electricity usage outside of the U.S., Canada, and EU (and for landlord managed facilities in the U.S., Canada, and EU), is estimated.

Refrigerant leakage from HVAC units are not included in reporting at this time.

Includes top 37 NIKE owned or operated DCs globally as of May 31, 2022, which represent approximately 87% of shipped units.

Energy consumption includes natural gas, hi sene, diesel, propane, electricity, onsite solar, and onsite wind.

Propane is used in at least two DCs for scrubbers floor sweepers.

A portion of propane usage is estimated leveraging known propane usage.

In addition, emissions include fugitive emissions from refrigerant gas loss.

Standards NIKE captures, calculates, and reports direct and indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data with consideration of the principles and guidance of the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s (WBCSD) The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) ( GHG Protocol ) and the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard: Supplement to the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, which are recognized external standards.

Organizational Boundary NIKE uses the operational control approach in conformance with the GHG Protocol to report its energy and emissions for 100% of the facilities where NIKE has operational control.

Scope NIKE’s Scope 1, 2, a subset of Scope 3 emissions (commercial air travel and outbound and inbound logistics), total energy consumption, renewable energy consumption and renewable electricity consumption reporting coverage is outlined in the chart on pages 218 and 219.

Includes emissions from building facilities at 4 Headquarter ( HQ ) locations: World Headquarters U.S. ( WHQ ), European HQ, Greater China HQ ( GCHQ ), and Converse HQ (together covering nearly 11 million ft2).

Also includes emissions from non HQ office facilities (such as regional sales offices).

Energy consumption within HQs includes natural gas, diesel, propane, electricity, and onsite solar within non HQ offices, energy consumption includes natural gas and electricity only.

Natural gas usage within non HQ offices outside of the U.S. and Canada (and for landlord managed facilities in the U.S. and Canada), and electricity usage within non HQ offices outside of the U.S., Canada, and EU (as well as for landlord managed facilities in the U.S., Canada, and EU), is estimated.

Propane is used in food services, vendor landscaping services, and some forklifts.

FY22 represents our first year including fugitive emissions from refrigerant gas loss for our HQ and non HQ office facilities.

In prior years, this source was reported as a known exclusion in NIKE’s office data.

Includes NIKE owned manufacturing facilities and related facilities that are the primary producers of NIKE air units.

Energy consumption includes natural gas, diesel, propane, and electricity.

Propane is used in a single limited application in one Air MI facility.

FY22 represents our first year including fugitive emissions from refrigerant gas loss.

In prior years, this source was reported as a known exclusion in NIKE’s Air MI data.

Vehicles include service vehicles at WHQ and GCHQ.

Company leased fleet vehicles for use by employees in other geographies are not included in reporting at this time.

Includes jet and sustainable aviation fuel from our business travel using NIKE’s corporate jets, operated from the U.S., presented in Scope 1 emissions.

FY22 represents our first year including sustainable aviation fuel.

Data represents commercial business air travel for all employees across 40 countries.

Commercial air travel emissions are estimated based on mileage calculated from number and route distance of trips, presented in Scope 3 emissions.

Data represents approximately 95% of global outbound transportation and distribution of products sold via the following modes of transportation: air, ocean, truck, and rail.

Emissions from transportation of Converse products outside of North America and transportation of NikeID products are excluded.

Data represents approximately 95% of global inbound transportation and distribution of finished goods via the following modes of transportation: air, ocean, truck, and rail.

Emissions from transportation of Converse products outside of North America and transportation of NikeID products are excluded.

Estimation Methodology Estimation methodologies employ reasonable assumptions to avoid understating NIKE’s emissions footprint and are described below.

Where actual data is not available, natural gas usage is estimated for non HQ offices outside of the U.S. and Canada, and for landlord managed facilities in the U.S. and Canada.

Square footage of retail and non HQ offices per country is used, along with country level climate assumptions and 2012 Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) energy use intensity (kWh per square foot) based on climate region.

In the U.S. and Canada, where some facilities are landlord managed and visibility related to energy consumption is low, our internal known average country level energy use intensity is used instead of the external CBECS benchmark.

In FY22, approximately 89% of retail natural gas consumption, and approximately 50% of office natural gas consumption, were estimated.

Approximately 89% of reported retail Scope 1 emissions in FY22 were estimated, and approximately 37% of reported office Scope 1 emissions in FY22 were estimated.

Where actual data is not available, electricity usage is estimated for non HQ offices outside of the U.S., Canada, and EU and for landlord managed facilities in the U.S., Canada, and EU.

Square footage of retail and non HQ offices per country is used, leveraging actual FY22 square footage data, along with electricity intensity (kWh per square foot of known FY22 NIKE electricity usage in retail or non HQ offices).

In FY22, approximately 54% of retail electricity consumption, and approximately 24% of office electricity consumption, were estimated.

Almost 100% of reported retail Scope 2 market based emissions and approximately 68% of reported retail Scope 2 location based emissions in FY22 were estimated.

Almost 80% of reported office Scope 2 market based emissions and approximately 36% of reported office Scope 2 location based emissions in FY22 were estimated.

Propane usage at two DCs is estimated leveraging propane consumption intensity at a comparable DC based on relative square footage.

GHG Base Data Activity data used to calculate Scope 1 (direct) emissions is sourced from direct measurements or third party invoices (e.g., hi sene, diesel, propane, gasoline, jet fuel, sustainable aviation fuel, and natural gas).

Activity data used to calculate Scope 2 (indirect) emissions is sourced from third party invoices (e.g., electricity) wherever possible and is collected across the business via a variety of internal processes and systems.

Scope 3 (commercial air travel) data used to report GHG emissions from transporting our employees is obtained from reports provided by third parties which includes number of flights and distance data.

Activity data used to calculate Scope 3 inbound and outbound emissions are sourced from third party invoices (e.g., supplier expenditure including weight, transportation type, distance, and weight volume) and is collected across the business via a variety of internal processes and systems.

As described in this assertion, activity data for Scope 1 and Scope 2 is sourced from estimates where actual consumption data is not available.

NIKE continues to work on obtaining systematic access to more actual consumption data.

Reported data has been rounded to the nearest whole number.

DCs: Calculated by applying a default emissions leak rate of 10% (sourced from Table 3 of the U.S. EPA’s Direct Fugitive Emissions from Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, Fire Suppression, and Industrial Gases published in December 2020) to the total system capacity across all units.

Air MI World Headquarters (WHQ): Calculated using material balance77 where possible.

When total recharge amount78 is not available to calculate emissions by material balance, equipment specific charge capacities and default emissions leak rates from Table 3 of the U.S. EPA’s Direct Fugitive Emissions from Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, Fire Suppression, and Industrial Gases published in December 2020 are used.

Default emissions leak rates range from 10% to 35% depending upon equipment type.

Unless otherwise known, the assumed refrigerant is R 410A.

Non WHQ Offices: Refrigerant use intensity (2.0 x 10 7 metric tons refrigerant lost per square foot per year) from The World Bank Group Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory Management Plan for Internal Business Operations, 2019, was applied to total office square footage to calculate total office refrigerant emissions.

To calculate refrigerant use intensity, one ton of cooling per 500 ft2 is multiplied by a conversion factor of one ton of cooling per one kg of refrigerant charge and then by an assumed leakage rate of 10%.

Global warming potentials for all refrigerant gases come from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (Assessment Report 5 100 year) published in 2014.

The Material Balance Method uses a mass balance analysis to calculate releases of refrigerants from equipment and associated emissions, based on: inventory (in storage, not in operating equipment), purchases and sales of refrigerants, and changes in total refrigerant capacity of equipment during the emissions reporting period.

Where NIKE purchases Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) and retains environmental attributes, NIKE applies these RECs to electricity consumption across owned or operated facilities, reflecting market boundary considerations.

Remaining consumption is converted to CO2e using the respective emission factors.

Emissions from biofuel renewable energy credits are calculated using biofuel source specific emission factors applied to CO2 and to fugitive emissions for CH4 and N2O.

Where Renewable Energy Credits (RECs, or Guarantees of Origin (GOs)) generated via (virtual) power purchase agreements are retained by NIKE, NIKE applies these RECs to electricity consumption across owned or operated facilities, reflecting market boundary considerations.

Remaining consumption is converted to CO2e using the respective emission factors.

U.S. Canada: NIKE applies residual mix emission factors from Green e Energy U.S.

EU: NIKE applies country emission factors from Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB).

If none of the above options are available, NIKE uses location based factors as described in the table on the following page.

Carbon dioxide equivalent emissions utilize GWPs sourced from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (Assessment Report 5 100 year).

Prior to conversion to CO2e, metric tons of GHG emissions by gas are 79,962, 8, 0.62, and 2.29 of CO2, CH4, N2O, and R 410A, respectively.

The other GHGs of sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) are not emitted by NIKE facilities.

In quantifying market based electricity GHG emissions, GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard defines a hierarchy of factors for quantifying market based emissions, in order from highest to lowest precision.

The table to the right describes the hierarchy and the relevance to NIKE for the current year reporting79.

Emission Factors Emissions are reported in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent and include carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), and refrigerant R 410A.

CO2e, however, within a limited subset of consumption data, emission factors for other gases (CH4, N2O) are not provided.

These exceptions include AIB EU Residual Mix Emissions factors, and Green e US Residual Mix.

In these cases, CH4 and N2O emissions are sourced from the next available source in the market based emission factors hierarchy.

Commercial Travel emissions are in CO2 due to data availability.

In the absence of a contractual instrument (or electricity consumption that exceeds onsite renewables and contractual instruments), NIKE historically applied energy supplier specific emission factors when available and met a third party quality criteria review.

Supplier specific emission factors are not used in FY22 reported data as Power Purchase Agreements initiated in FY20 and FY21 are used instead.

Green e Energy US Residual Mix Emissions Rates For facilities in the U.S. and Canada that do not have contractual instruments, NIKE uses residual mix factors.

Electricity (U.S.) eGRID (location based) In the absence of contractual instruments and residual mix factors, NIKE applies a regional national grid mix factor.

This only applies to landlord managed facilities in the U.S.

AIB European Residual Mixes For facilities in the EU that do not have contractual instruments available, NIKE uses residual mix factors.

IEA World Electricity CO2 Emissions Factors (location based) In the absence of contractual instruments, residual mix factors, and a regional national grid mix factor, NIKE applies a protocol that covers all countries globally.

This global protocol serves as a catch all for any facilities that haven’t obtained an emission factor from a more granular source in the market based hierarchy.

This table outlines the emission factor sources used in FY22 emissions calculations.

Outbound logistics emission factors are sourced in compliance with the European Standards Methodology for calculations and declaration of energy consumption and GHG emissions of transport services (freight and passengers) DIN EN 16258 standard (March 2013).

Inbound logistics emission factors are sourced in compliance with the European Standards Methodology for calculations and declaration of energy consumption and GHG emissions of transport services (freight and passengers) DIN EN 16258 standard (March 2013).

Uncertainty GHG emissions quantification is subject to significant inherent measurement uncertainty because of such things as GHG emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to calculate GHG emissions, and the inability of these models, due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to accurately measure under all circumstances the relationship between various inputs and the resultant GHG emissions.

Environmental and energy use data used in GHG emissions calculations are subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for measuring such data.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

The preparation of the energy consumption metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

NIKE recognizes that commercial air travel and logistics remain an estimate since unforeseen circumstances can occur (e.g., different routes due to adverse weather or unforeseen aircraft fleet changes), however the figures presented are considered to be a reasonable estimate of NIKE’s commercial air travel and logistics emissions.

Background In support of its Water Restoration target, NIKE funds project work aimed at supporting the long term resilience of the water basins within its extended cotton supply chain.

Thus far, NIKE has not implemented water restoration project activities itself, but instead supports project activities and implementation conducted by third party NGOs.

Additionally, NIKE partners with third party engineering firms to calculate approximate restoration volumes and tracks the volume of water restored through these projects.

Since the inception of NIKE’s Water Restoration projects in India, Australia, and Pakistan (new in FY22), NIKE has funded 975,000 for the three projects.

Scope NIKE’s water restoration efforts focus on regions in Tier 4 of its extended cotton supply chain.

NIKE only considers water restored through this portfolio of projects when calculating progress towards the water restoration target.

Additional water restoration that occurs incidentally in or through unrelated NIKE activities is not included.

Estimation Methodology NIKE works with project implementation partners and third party engineering firms to quantify volumetric benefits from the water restoration projects.

This quantification approach aligns with the World Resources Institute’s Volumetric Water Benefit Accounting Methodology and uses version 8.0 of the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO) CROPWAT program and version 1.2.1 (QSWAT ) of the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) model.

Data inputs for quantification are provided by the project implementation partners and estimated volumetric benefits are discussed and confirmed with project partners and third party engineering firms.

Drinking water storage and ablution water system creation (Ayubia National Park and Uchhali Complex, Pakistan) a. VWB Indicator: Annual average volume of water provided b.

Wetland treatment system construction (Uchhali Complex and South Punjab, Pakistan) a. VWB Indicator: Treatment efficiency b.

Agricultural and irrigation efficiency improvements (South Punjab, Pakistan) a. VWB Indicator: Agricultural water demand reduction b.

Wetlands, New South Wales (NSW), Australia) a. VWB Indicator: Avoided runoff b.

Park, Pakistan) a. VWB Indicator: Avoided runoff b.

Rainwater harvesting (Ayubia National Park and Uchhali Complex, Pakistan) a. VWB Indicator: Increased recharge, volume captured, and available supply b.