2022  
Environmental, Social & Governance Report 

Table of Contents 

Letter From Our Chief Executive Officer  

FY22 Visa ESG Performance Highlights  

Visa ESG Goals and FY22 Progress  

About This Report  

OUR COMPANY 

Corporate Profile  

Our Environmental, Social  
& Governance Approach  

Relevant Memberships  

Select Corporate Recognition  

EMPOWERING PEOPLE,  
COMMUNITIES & ECONOMIES 

Empowering Small  
& Micro Businesses (SMBs)  

Empowering People  

Empowering Communities  

1 

2 

3 

4 

7 

8 

9 

9 

11 

14 

18 

ENABLING TRUSTED COMMERCE  
& PROTECTING CUSTOMERS 

Payments Security  

Cybersecurity  

Responsible Data Use   

Data Privacy  

Transaction Integrity  

INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE 

Inclusion & Diversity  

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning  

Employee Engagement  

Visa Total Rewards  

Employee Wellbeing   

Employee Safety & Security  

Select Corporate Recognition  

23 

24 

26 

27 

29 

31 

36 

38 

39 

40 

40 

41 

PROTECTING THE PLANET 

Sustainable Operations  

Sustainable Movement  

Sustainable Solutions  

OPERATING RESPONSIBLY 

Corporate Governance  

Ethics & Compliance  

Engaging with Governments  

Tax Compliance & Governance  

Responsible Sourcing  

Human Rights  

APPENDIX  

Greenhouse Gas Emissions  
Verification Statement  

Task Force on Climate-Related  
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index  

ESG Framework Map  

ESG Data Table  

44 

49 

52 

55 

57 

58 

59 

59 

61 

63 

64 

65 

76 

a marginal increase in digital payments usage can increase 

attending 74 different universities. The first cohort of scholars will 

national GDP, particularly in countries earlier in the adoption 

begin their internships in Visa offices across the United States 

curve.  To help make this happen, we are prioritizing our efforts 

in summer 2023. 

Letter From Our 
Chief Executive Officer 

to digitally enable small businesses. By the end of our 2022 fiscal 

year, Visa helped digitally enable more than 40 million small 

and micro businesses (SMBs) around the world, putting us well 

on track to hit our goal of digitally enabling 50 million SMBs 

by the end of 2023. Through its Equitable Access Initiative, 

Visa Foundation committed $15.5 million in grants and over 

$35 million in impact investments to support gender diversity 

and inclusion in small businesses in 2022, and continued 

a five-year, $20 million partnership with Women’s World Banking 

to support women-owned SMBs around the world. Using our 

Practical Money and Practical Business Skills tools, we have 

Visa’s purpose is to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best 

invested in localized online resources dedicated to improving 

Both internally and through our engagement with clients and 

partners, we remain committed to advancing sustainability. 

Building on our achievement of reaching 100 percent renewable 

electricity use and carbon neutral operations, we continue to 

make strides toward our goal of being a net zero company by 

2040. Payments play a central role in making the modern global 

economy run. As such, we believe Visa can help others lower CO2  
emissions and enable a shift toward more sustainable consumer 

behaviors around the world. Beyond our operational footprint, 

we continue to form partnerships and develop new products  

and services that help consumers and businesses make 

way to pay and be paid. We believe deeply in our purpose and the 

digital and financial literacy in more than 30 countries, providing 

sustainable choices. 

positive impact it has on the world. In practice, our purpose 

tools, partner offers and practical information around running 

guides our work to digitally enable small businesses and power 

and growing digital-first SMBs. 

local economies, keep the channels of digital commerce secure, 

grow our workforce in a way that represents the diversity of the 

populations we serve, and continue to operate in a way that is 

ethical, responsible, and sustainable. 

As the digital economy grows and evolves, it becomes 

increasingly important to ensure it remains secure. We remain 

laser focused on the rapidly evolving threat landscape and 

continue to make strategic investments in the security of our 

In 2022, while the global COVID-19 crisis became more 

ecosystem. Over the past five years, Visa has invested $10 billion 

manageable, many collective challenges persist. More than  

in technology, including efforts to reduce fraud and improve the 

a billion people remain outside the formal financial system.  

security of our network. These efforts have been effective, 

The geopolitical and macroeconomic environments continue  

resulting in the prevention of approximately $27 billion in fraud 

to be uncertain. Many small businesses still face an uphill battle 

in 2022 alone. 

navigating the new normal. And as natural disasters increase  

in frequency and strength around the globe, we are reminded  

of the trials of a warming climate and the need to make 

sustainable choices. 

Inside Visa, we continue to make positive strides toward 

improving the diversity of our leadership and of all Visa 

employees. We are on track to meet our Stand Together Goals— 

to increase headcount from underrepresented groups in the 

Sincerely, 

Our work in each of these areas is reflected in our recognition as 

a leader in our industry. In 2022 Visa was named to the Dow Jones 

Sustainability North America Index, the World’s Most Ethical 

Companies list and the Most JUST Companies list, among many 

other recognitions. These achievements speak to our 

commitment to ensure Visa runs ethically, responsibly and 

sustainably, with strong, independent governance. We see this 

commitment as core to our business—a business that continues 

to grow and expand while making positive contributions to the 

communities we serve.  

In the pages that follow, we invite you to learn more about all we 

do to uplift everyone, everywhere and work toward a better, 

more prosperous future for all. 

These are big challenges—the kind that will require collective, 

United States by 50 percent by 2025, and in leadership (VP and 

concerted effort by governments, individuals and companies 

above) by 50 percent by the end of 2023. And in 2022, we 

around the world. 

As many small businesses continue to adapt to the shifting 

environment, we believe digital payments are a crucial part 

of recovery and future success. Some studies show that even 

welcomed 75 first-year university students to the Visa Black 

Scholars and Jobs program, bringing the total number of 

participants to 126, from 29 states and the District of Columbia, 

Ryan McInerney 
Chief Executive Officer, Visa 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FY22 Visa ESG Performance Highlights1 

Delivering on our purpose: uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid 

Empowering People, 
Communities & Economies 

Enabling Trusted Commerce 
& Protecting Customers 

40M+ 

$27B 

Small and micro businesses digitally enabled toward 50 million goal by 2023 

in fraud-related losses prevented 

$1B investment 

Highest rating 

pledged in Africa over the next five years to accelerate digital transformation 

in our sector from Gartner Consulting during 2022 cybersecurity review 

$15.5M + over $35M 

committed in grant funding and impact investments, respectively, by Visa 
Foundation to support gender diverse and inclusive small businesses globally 

$10B 

invested in technology over the last five years, including to reduce fraud and 
enhance network security 

Investing in Our People 

Protecting the Planet 

Operating Responsibly 

Equal pay 

89% reduction 

64% 

among male and female employees for the same work 

scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions since FY18 

Visa Board combined diversity for gender, race and 
ethnicity dimensions2 

$10M 

100% 

100 

continued investment in Visa Black Scholars and 
Jobs program 

renewable electricity use maintained for operations 

perfect score received on CPA-Zicklin index for 
Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability 

90K 

600+ 

hours spent by Visa employees using learning 
resources available on Visa Learning Hub 

projects with Visa support of sustainable public 
transit mobility 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  2 

11 years 

consecutive inclusion on Ethisphere's 
World's Most Ethical Companies list 

1. For more information, see the relevant portions of this ESG Report. 

2. As of February 1, 2023. 

 
 
Visa ESG Goals and FY22 Progress 

At Visa, we are committed to helping address sustainable development challenges and create inclusive economies and a thriving planet. We track progress toward corporate goals and 

map them to the United Nations (U.N.) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which provide a blueprint for governments, businesses and civil society organizations to address the most 

pressing environmental and social issues globally. 

Pillar 

Focus Area 

Visa’s Goal 

Progress 
as of end 
of FY22 

Contribution  
to the SDGs 

Empowering People,  
Communities & Economies 

SMB Digital Enablement 

Digitally enable 50M SMBs 
worldwide by the end of 2023. 

On track 

1  4  5  8 

9  10  17 

Investing in Our People 

Representation of 
Underrepresented 
Communities—  
Workforce 

Pay Equity 

Increase the number of under­
represented VP+ in the U.S. by  
50% in 3 years.  

Increase the number of under-
represented colleagues within  
Visa overall in the U.S. by 50%  
in 5 years.  

Track, measure, evaluate and  
report annually on pay equity,  
including 100% of regular, active 
employees in fully-integrated  
subsidiaries.  

On track  

1  5  8  10 

Met  

1  5  8  10

100% Renewable  
Electricity 

Transition to use of 100%  
renewable electricity on  
an ongoing basis.  

Met  

Protecting the Planet 

Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions 

Operating Responsibly 

Culture of Ethics  
& Compliance 

Reduce absolute scopes 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions 50% 
by FY30 from a FY20 base year. 

Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG 
emissions 42% within the same 
timeframe. 

Support culture of ethics 
and compliance by requiring 
eligible employees to annually 
complete training on our 
global policies, programs 
and initiatives built on the 
foundation of the Visa Code   
of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

7  9  11 

12  13  17 

7  9  11 

12  13  17 

On track 

Met 

16  17 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  3 

 
 
 
 
About This Report 

Visa’s 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report describes our goals and work in five clusters: 

1.  Empowering People, Communities & Economies 

2.  Enabling Trusted Commerce & Protecting Customers 

3. 

Investing in Our People 

4.  Protecting the Planet 

5.  Operating Responsibly 

These five clusters are priority areas through which we seek to mitigate risk and create value and are important to Visa and our stakeholders. 

For more information on how Visa identifies these priorities through our biennial Materiality process, see the Environmental, Social 

& Governance Approach section of this report. Additional resources on these topics, as well as our ESG management, are available 

at visa.com/esg. 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, and is mapped to the Sustainability 

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Software & IT Services Sustainability Accounting Standard, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) recommended disclosures and relevant World Economic Forum (WEF) Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 

This report focuses on Visa’s global ESG goals and practices. We report data related to Visa’s fiscal year 2022 (October 1, 2021–September 

30, 2022) unless otherwise noted. In some cases, data and information related to our ESG priorities may include programs and activities 

underway or introduced in the 2023 fiscal year. This information is noted throughout the report as relevant. All references to currency are 

in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. This is Visa’s eighth annual ESG Report. Visa’s previous report was published in September 2022. 

Please direct questions on this report or topics related to our environmental, social and governance disclosures to sustainability@visa.com. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  4 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-

looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance, such as statements regarding our 

ESG priority areas, commitments, and work, including goals, targets, metrics, aspirations, and related strategies. In some cases, you can 

identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “anticipates,” “aims,” “aspires,” “believes,” “commits,” “estimates,” 

“expects,” “intends,” “may,” “projects,” “plans,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “continue” and other similar expressions. All statements other 

than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain 

risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. These statements may be based on 

historic or current assumptions, estimates, standards, commitments, methodologies, targets, diligence, third-party information, internal 

control frameworks and currently available data, which continue to develop and evolve. Numbers and percentages used in this report are 

estimates or approximations. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 

in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements in our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 

subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. In addition, actual results may vary due to changes in the macroeconomic and geopolitical 

environment, technology, weather patterns and climate, regulation and legislation, engagement with stakeholders, energy prices and other 

unforeseen events or conditions. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result 

of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Website references and hyperlinks throughout this report are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites 

is not incorporated by reference into this report, nor does it constitute part of this report. We assume no liability for any third-party content 

contained on the referenced websites. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
OUR COMPANY 

 
 
Corporate Profile 

Visa at a Glance 

Purpose 

Visa is one of the world’s leaders in digital payments. Our purpose is to uplift everyone, 

Uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid 

everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. We facilitate global commerce and 

money movement across more than 200 countries and territories among a global set of 

consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities through innovative 

technologies. To learn more, please visit our website, visa.com. 

Headquarters 

San Francisco 

Regional Hubs 

Foster City, Miami, Singapore, Dubai, London 

2020-2022 Financial Results (GAAP) in millions (except for per share data) 
Fiscal Year Ended September 30 

Net revenues 

$21,846 

$24,105 

$29,310 

2020 

2021 

2022 

145 

Global Offices and Data Centers 

Operating expenses 

$7,765 

$8,301 

$10,497 

Visa Network  
(as of September 30, 2022) 

~2

6

,500 

Emplo

y

ees 

Operating income 

$14,081 

$15,804 

$18,813 

•  Nearly 15,000 financial institution clients 

Net income 

$10,866 

$12,311 

$14,957 

•  More than 100 million merchant locations worldwide1,2 

•  4.1 billion Visa credentials2 

Shareholders' equity 

$36,210 

$37,589 

$35,581 

• 

193 billion total transactions processed (12 months ended September 30, 2022) 

Diluted class A common  
stock earnings per share 

$4.89 

$5.63 

$7.00 

•  $14 trillion total payments and cash volume (12 months ended September 30, 2022) 

1.  Including an estimated 20 million locations through payment facilitators.  
2. Data provided to Visa by acquiring institutions and other third parties as of June 30, 2022. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including environmental sustainability, climate change, 

We regularly engage our stakeholders in a variety of ways: 

Our Environmental, 
Social & Governance 
Approach 

Visa is committed to operating as a responsible, ethical, 

inclusive and sustainable company. As a global leader in 

digital payments, Visa strives to join with clients, partners 

and other stakeholders to empower people, businesses 

and communities to thrive. 

human rights, political activities and expenditures, social 

impact and philanthropy. For more on the responsibilities 

of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, 

please refer to the Committee Charter. 

In 2022, the Board, in full and in individual committees, 

discussed a range of ESG topics, including, but not limited 

to, human capital management, inclusion and diversity, 

climate change, political engagement and contributions, 

technology, cybersecurity and data privacy. 

• Employees: employee surveys, all-staff meetings, 

manager/employee dialogue, employee resource 

groups (ERGs), messaging from senior leadership, digital 

platforms and social media channels. 

• Clients: client councils, payment forums, client surveys, 

direct engagement. 

•

Investors: earnings calls, direct shareholder 

engagement, investor conferences, U.S. Securities and 

Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, disclosures posted 

on investor.visa.com, ESG ratings firm profiles. 

• Government and policy officials: direct engagement, 

ESG Oversight 

Materiality3 

Visa believes in the importance of strong layers of 

governance to ensure proper guidance and oversight is 

provided across our approach to ESG. 

To inform our ESG strategy, we conduct a biennial materiality  

assessment in accordance with best practice ESG reporting  

testimony before government bodies, participation 

as panelists at policy gatherings, industry association 

guidelines. Our latest assessment, completed in 2021,  

memberships and participation. 

incorporates and reflects recent business developments,  

• Civil society organizations: direct engagement, 

We manage ESG activities at a functional level across our 

ESG trends, global regulatory changes and internal and  

conferences and events, memberships in initiatives, 

strategic and operational areas, with executive and Board 

external stakeholder expectations that have emerged  

individual partnerships. 

oversight. Visa’s Chief Sustainability Officer is responsible 

since the previous formal assessment in 2019. Our process  

for leading the coordination of oversight and development 

includes benchmarking, identification, prioritization and  

of our global ESG efforts. At the management level, a 

validation of ESG topics. We review direct feedback from  

cross-functional group of more than a dozen senior 

shareholders, employee surveys and customer and client  

leaders contributes to coordinating our ESG strategy and 

information requests on ESG topics. 

reporting efforts. 

At the Board level, the Nominating and Corporate 

Governance Committee has formal responsibility to 

oversee and review our management of ESG matters, 

overall ESG strategy, stakeholder engagement, formal 

reporting, and policies and programs in specific areas, 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Through regular engagement with our stakeholders, we can 

improve our understanding of their views and concerns  

and evolve our ESG strategic priorities across our business. 

In 2022, our ESG-focused engagement with our 

shareholders included contacting our top 75 investors— 

representing more than 65 percent of our outstanding 

Class A common stock—to discuss ESG matters, including 

corporate governance, corporate responsibility and 

sustainability, and executive compensation, in addition to 

the regular dialogue among our stockholders and our then 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chair, Chief 

Financial Officer and Investor Relations team on Visa’s 

financial and strategic performance. 

3. In this report, our use of the terms “material,” “materiality” and other similar terms refers to materiality within the context of our ESG programs and priorities. We are not using these terms as they are used under the securities or other laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction or as these terms are 

used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 

Lead Independent Director and our Vice Chair, 

Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer also met 

with several of our investors this year to discuss 

corporate governance, corporate responsibility 

and executive compensation matters. 

Select Corporate 
Recognition 

Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index 
2022, S&P Global 

We held ESG-focused meetings with nearly 50 institutional 

shareholders representing approximately 26 percent of   

our outstanding Class A common stock and provided the 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of   

the Board of Directors a quarterly update on shareholder  

engagement and feedback. 

Relevant Memberships 

Visa actively participates in ESG-related organizations and 

peer networks focused on various sustainability topics. 

Key memberships include: 

•  Business for Social Responsibility 

•  Business Roundtable 

•  Catalyst 

•  Centre for Sport and Human Rights 

•  Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose 

•  Clean Energy Buyers Alliance 

•  Corporate Eco Forum 

•  Council for Inclusive Capitalism 

•  Ellen MacArthur Foundation 

• 

Internet Watch Foundation 

•  RE100 

•  Sustainable Brands 

•  Travalyst 

•  World Business Council for Sustainable Development 

•  World Economic Forum 

Sustainability Yearbook 
2023, S&P Global 

FTSE4Good Index 
2022, FTSE Russell 

2023 America’s Most JUST Companies 
2023, JUST Capital 

World’s Most Ethical Companies 
2023, Ethisphere 

Trendsetter 
2022, CPA-Zicklin Index 

World’s Most Admired Companies 
2023, Fortune 

Global 2000 World’s Best Employers 
2022, Forbes 

World’s Most Valuable Global Brands 
2022, Brandz 

Global RepTrak 100 
2022, Reputation Institute 

Global 500 
2023, Brand Finance 

Training Top 100 
2022, Training Magazine 

CDP Climate Change 
2022, A List 

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 
2023 

MSCI 
2022, A Rating 

Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating 
2022, Low Risk 

Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index 
2022, Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality 

202022 En

22 Envirvironmental, Social & Go

onmental, Social & Govvernanc

ernance Report

e Report  ||  99 

 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EMPOWERING PEOPLE, 
COMMUNITIES & ECONOMIES 

 
 
Visa is committed to advancing inclusive, equitable and sustainable economic growth for everyone, everywhere. We are 

focused on reaching people—as individuals, households and business owners—who historically have been underserved, 

providing them with access to digital payments and other resources that can help improve their economic livelihoods, 

businesses and communities. 

Our focus areas include: 

•  Empowering Small & Micro Businesses 

•  Empowering People 

•  Empowering Communities 

Empowering Small & Micro Businesses (SMBs) 

According to the United Nations, micro, small and medium enterprises account for 90 percent of businesses globally,  

60 to 70 percent of employment and 50 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) worldwide, making these businesses  

vital contributors to the world’s economy.1 

In 2020, Visa announced a global goal to digitally enable 50 million SMBs by the end of 2023. To achieve this, we are 

focused on three areas: 

•  Solutions 

•  Skills & Education 

•  Partnerships & Initiatives 

Visa has digitally enabled over 40M small and micro businesses 

toward our 50M goal.2 

1. United Nations | Micro-, Small and Medium-sized Enterprises Day 

2. As of September 2022. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  11 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Solutions 

Authorize.net 

We continue to develop products and services designed 

A solution that helps businesses create flexible, creative 

to advance digital equity and economic empowerment 

digital commerce solutions to help them grow, whether 

for SMBs, including: 

Visa Acceptance Cloud 

A next-generation cloud-based acceptance platform 

providing a point-of-sale (POS) solution that allows 

business owners to convert Internet-connected device 

to a POS device, enabling access to a low-cost and 

scalable payments solution. 

Visa Direct 

A payment solution that helps businesses and individuals 

move money between billions of cards and accounts 

worldwide. Businesses can use Visa Direct through their 

financial institutions to deliver fast, simple and efficient 

payments to customers and workers. Individuals can use 

Visa Direct to pay others back, send gifts, share costs and 

support families around the world. 

Tap to Phone 

for merchants of any size. Tap to Phone allows sellers 

to use a mobile application to accept payments without 

any additional hardware, enabling small businesses to 

more quickly connect to the Visa network, fast-tracking 

commerce for sellers around the globe. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  12 

they need help digitizing payments, establishing an online 

presence, preventing fraud or streamlining operations. 

Skills and Education 

Democratic Republic of Congo, Congo, Cameroon, 

France, South Africa, Kenya, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Burkina 

Faso, Ghana, Namibia, Gabon, Malawi, Benin, Uganda, 

Ethiopia, Guinea, Togo, Mali, Botswana, Chad, Tanzania, 

Madagascar, Rwanda, Canada and Brazil. 

In Peru, we also expanded Enko, a mobile business 

development platform, to continue promoting the 

businesses of Venezuelans and Peruvians participating 

At Visa, we believe that financial education and business 

in the World Council of Credit Unions Economic Inclusion 

skills can drive digital inclusion and economic growth, 

Project’s (EIP) entrepreneurship development programs. 

making a positive impact on our community partners. 

Enko is a training and resource platform that provides 

in-depth content and practical experiences. 

Visa’s Practical Business Skills educational portal  

houses free resources and interactive tools to help  

SMB owners make confident, informed decisions to  

grow their business and benefit from digital commerce.  

The program focuses on helping growth-minded 

entrepreneurs with fewer than 10 employees thrive 

Partnerships & Initiatives 

Complementing our support of solutions and skills, 

Visa creates positive business and societal impact 

through purpose-driven partnerships and initiatives 

through a variety of resources. In 2022, Practical Business 

Skills programs were accessed in 150+ countries, offered 

in support of SMBs. 

in seven languages and reached more than 370,000 small 

Recognizing that greater digitization of commerce 

business owners. 

We leverage Practical Business Skills in initiatives 

can bring enormous benefits to small businesses, 

Visa’s efforts are focused on helping both existing and 

newly-minted small businesses be well-equipped to 

meet changing consumer demands and embrace the 

• Offering Online Small Business Hubs, localized online 

digital future. 

resource centers available in more than 30 countries— 

providing tools, partner offers and information on how 

Inclusive Fintech 50 

to start, run and grow digital-first small businesses. 

Visa is a founding supporter of the Inclusive Fintech 50 

• Partnering with multimedia company Trace Academia 

to drive financial inclusion and education for the youth 

by providing Practical Business Skills training via a free, 

online, learning platform, giving 150,000+ users access to 

e-learning and teaching solutions in Ivory Coast, Senegal, 

(IF50) competition, which promotes early-stage fintechs 

driving inclusion and resilience for financially underserved 

people. Companies identified through the initiative offer 

solutions among payments and remittances, savings and 

personal financial management, infrastructure addressing 

special challenges of underserved customer segments 

An app-based solution simplifies payment acceptance 

globally, including: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and credit or insurance solutions. IF50 aims to make these 

She’s Next / Women’s Economic Empowerment 

startups more visible to investors and partners who can 

provide capital and connections. 

The competition, managed by the Center for Financial 

Inclusion at Accion, attracted nearly 1,100 eligible  

applicants over the past four years. These fintechs  

operate in over 160 countries, reach over 200 million  

customers and have raised $2.6 billion in funding. Among   

a range of benefits, winners benefit  from  access  to  zero-

cost tools such as Visa’s Practical Business Skills and  

Practical Money Skills. 

Visa Everywhere Initiative (VEI) 

VEI is a global innovation program that tasks startups with 

solving the payment challenges of tomorrow, further 

enhancing their own product propositions and providing 

visionary solutions for Visa’s network of partners. 

The program first launched in the U.S. in 2015. Since then,  

VEI has engaged nearly 12,000 startups in more than  

100 countries. Collectively, these startups have raised  

over $16 billion in funding.  

Expanding women's inclusion in the financial system can 

have significant economic benefits. Our goal is to increase 

the number of women who control capital, the number 

of women entrepreneurs who can access that capital 

and the number of women who benefit from those 

businesses as employees or customers. 

Many of the challenges that women entrepreneurs face 

are universal. Visa, in collaboration with IFundWomen, 

has been creating access to funding and education 

for women-owned small businesses around the world 

through the Visa She’s Next Grant Program. 

In 2022, we launched the She's Next Grant Program in 

various countries including Canada, Vietnam, U.S., Ireland, 

Egypt, Morocco, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, Norway, 

Finland, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, the 

Dominican Republic and Chile. 

Additionally, in the U.S., we launched She’s Next 

in Fashion, supporting 50 Black, Indigenous and/or 

People of Color (BIPOC) women-owned SMBs in the 

fashion and beauty industries through cash grants, 

VEI is committed to supporting diversity in the startup 

mentorship program access and customer marketing 

community as a platform for brilliant innovators of all 

and influencer campaigns. 

races, ethnicities, ages, genders and sexual orientations. 

For example, in 2022 Visa conducted three competitions  

focused on uplifting and supporting underrepresented 

communities across the U.S. These competitions  

focused on startups owned by entrepreneurs from  

historically underrepresented groups including Black,  

Women and LGBTQ+, in partnership with StartOut. 

We also continued our partnerships with Elas Prosperam 

to support Black women-owned businesses in Latin  

America. Through Elas Prosperam—which translates to 

"They Thrive"—Visa conducted free online training events 

and hosted one-on-one mentorship and Pitch Days with 

Black women business owners in Brazil, helping women 

entrepreneurs develop their businesses so that they can 

earn their own income and reach financial independence. 

Visa Minority Depository 
Institutions Accelerate 

In 2022, Visa announced the launch of Visa Minority 

Depository Institutions (MDI) Accelerate, a new 

program to help reduce economic disparities and 

expand access and opportunity in communities of 

color across the U.S. Through this multi-year program, 

Visa will invest up to $100 million via deposits with 

MDIs to help catalyze lending. Visa also will provide 

tailored insights and digital solutions to these banks 

to help them meet the needs of their clientele and 

the communities they serve. 

In 2022, Visa’s $60M in deposits at MDIs was 

estimated to enable $600M in new lending in Asian, 

Black, Hispanic and Native American communities. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  13 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
Empowering People  

Communities and economies thrive when all individuals are included in the formal 

financial system and can benefit from financial and digital access. The following initiatives 

and partnerships focus on helping to enable equitable access to the financial and digital 

ecosystem for everyone, everywhere. 

Solutions 

Government Disbursements 

Visa Government Prepaid is an electronic disbursement method that replaces paper checks 

for disbursement of government benefits—such as Unemployment Insurance, Child Support 

and Temporary Assistance to Needy Families. For benefit recipients, especially those without 

a banking relationship, Visa Government Prepaid cards provide a safer alternative to carrying 

cash and checks and are a convenient way to receive government disbursements. 

The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the increased need for government disbursement 

programs that enable quick and efficient distribution of financial support to people in need. 

Visa worked with governments to reach individuals without bank accounts and encourage 

people to spend locally and help stimulate economic recovery. 

Gig Economy & Hourly Workers 

Visa continues to develop new services and work with external partners to support gig and 

hourly workers as the gig economy grows. This includes Visa Direct, Visa’s global, real-time 

payments network that helps facilitate the fast delivery of funds directly to eligible cards and 

bank accounts around the world.3 Visa Direct leverages Visa's infrastructure to enable 

different transaction types and new money flows between parties for a wide range 

of use cases, such as peer-to-peer payments and account-to-account transfers, business 

and government payouts to individuals and small businesses and merchant settlements and 

refunds. This can mean same-day payment for rideshare drivers, faster insurance payouts, 

remittances, early access to wages and real-time marketplace payouts and has shown ongoing 

appeal to businesses and consumers, including gig economy and hourly workers.3 In FY 2022, 

we had 5.9 billion Visa Direct transactions, and more than 60 use cases and 2,000 programs. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  14 
2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  14

3. Actual fund availability varies by receiving financial institution, receiving account type, region and whether transaction is domestic or cross-border. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Visa and our Earned Wage Access technology partners 

Practical Money Skills, strives to link consumers, educators, 

Additionally, Visa and Marvel Entertainment have 

help accelerate payments to workers through  Visa  Direct, 

banks and governments to the tools and resources they 

collaborated to release educational comic books, which 

enabling workers to access and transfer earned wages  

need, helping individuals and communities develop their 

teach readers, in particular young people, about personal 

to  their  bank  accounts or eligible debit cards in real time, 

money management skills. The initiative offers more than 

finance. To date, we have distributed more than 1.2 million 

rather than after the typical two-week pay cycle.3 

100 online learning modules. 

comics in more than 20 languages. 

In 2022, we continued supporting gig economy workers 

Practical Money Skills programs have been accessed 

through previously established programs and partnerships, 

in 180+ countries, are offered in more than 20 languages 

FinEd50 

including with DailyPay, FlexWage, Instant Financial, 

and reached over 4.9 million individuals during 2022. 

In 2022, Visa continued to partner with the Council for 

Economic Education to expand the reach of FinEd50,  

PayActiv, Wagestream and ZayZoon. 

Skills & Education 

Practical Money Skills 

In 2022, to further Visa’s commitment to uplift lives through 

a nationwide coalition striving to ensure every American 

the power of sport and using the global platform of the 

student has access to a financial education course.   

FIFA World Cup™, Visa launched an educational video 

The coalition focuses on advocacy to expand financial  

game, bringing together entertainment and education to 

education requirements for students at the state and   

raise awareness on financial literacy. The free educational 

local level and teacher training to support teacher  

Greater financial knowledge can empower people to 

game challenges players to answer money management 

development at scale. 

better manage their money and improve their quality of 

questions at various levels of difficulty for a chance to score 

life. Our award-winning global financial literacy initiative, 

a goal. 

Visa Pledges to Invest $1 Billion in Africa 

In 2022, Visa pledged to invest $1 billion in Africa to accelerate digital transformation, including through scaling 

operations, deploying new innovative technologies and deepening collaboration with partners. Visa’s expanded 

investments demonstrate our long-term commitment to Africa’s growth potential and aim to help enable greater 

access to digital payments as an entry point for expanding formal financial services for individuals and merchants. 

An estimated 500 million people in Africa are without access to formal financial services, less than 50 percent of the 

adult population made or received digital payments in Africa and more than 40 million merchants do not accept 

digital payments. 

Visa’s investments will focus in part on strengthening the payment ecosystem through new innovations  

and technologies, supporting digitization of economies and investing in upskilling, talent development and  

capacity building.  

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  15 

 
 
  
 
 
Visa Economic 
Empowerment Institute 

The Visa Economic Empowerment Institute  

(VEEI) is an independent, non-partisan c

enter  

of excellence for research and public-private  

dialogue on payments policy. Visa established  

VEEI as the next step in our ongoing mission to  

remove barriers to economic empowerment   

and to create more inclusive, equitable economic 

opportunities for everyone, everywhere. 

VEEI’s overarching mission is to promote public 

policies that empower citizens, small businesses 

and economies, including through VEEI's three 

primary focus areas—fostering digital equity and 

inclusion, unlocking growth through trade and 

imagining an open future for payments. 

In FY22, VEEI published nine papers across the 

topics of digital trade, future of payments and 

digital equity and inclusion, including a framework 

towards building an inclusive, equitable digital 

economy. VEEI Fellows participated in 22 policy 

discussions in 10 different locations. 

Partnerships & Initiatives 

Inclusive Client Partnerships 

Visa aims to increase engagement with clients focused 

on improving financial inequities and to proactively 

secure commercial partnerships with businesses that 

are diverse-owned, diverse-led or focused on diverse 

• Totem: an Oklahoma-based, women-founded and 

led organization  building a digital banking platform 

catering to indigenous peoples. Totem’s goal is to 

begin a new tradition of native wealth building in 

partnering with tribes to provide culturally relevant 

financial products, education and streamlined access 

to tribal benefits. 

target markets by delivering innovative solutions to bring 

Digital Empowerment Program 

unbanked and historically underserved communities into 

the financial ecosystem. 

We work to establish mission-driven partnerships, enable 

and inspire inclusive culture and uplift communities through 

education. These goals are realized by uplifting, enabling 

and supporting historically underserved communities 

In partnership with Human-I-T and local communities, 

Visa’s Digital Empowerment Program provides equipment 

and education to SMBs and individuals in need. Resources 

distributed through the program include refurbished laptops, 

foundational training on how to use the equipment, financial 

training, one year of free tech support and low-cost 

through inclusive partnerships that allow individuals and 

broadband access. 

communities to thrive. 

Examples of inclusive partnerships include: 

This initiative was launched in FY22 with 2,500  

recipients in Atlanta, Colorado and Toronto. In 2023,  

Visa is expanding the reach of the digital empowerment  

•  ZMBIZI: empowering the next generation of mobile 

program to additional markets within the U.S.  

merchants, solopreneurs and gig economy workers 

and Canada. 

with a one-stop solution for all their business related 

financial transactions. ZMBIZI is working to increase 

community wealth by enabling and empowering 

millions of Americans to “trade on the go” with the 

ability to accept in person contactless payments on 

their smartphones. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  16 

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Support for Ukraine 

Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, Visa took swift action to launch the Ukraine card issuing 

program, an emergency program to allow Visa partners to easily and quickly issue virtual and/or physical cards 

to Ukrainians and refugees who are unable to access their funds. The cards can be issued, through our partners, 

from outside of Ukraine and used between friends and family, employers and charitable organizations. 

Ukraine awarded its Peace Prize to Visa for its swift actions responding to the war in Ukraine in early 2022. 

In addition, Visa Foundation made a $2 million grant to the United States Fund for UNICEF to provide humanitarian 

assistance focused on Ukrainian families and children, including urgent need for safe water, health care, nutrition 

and protection. 

Financial Empowerment for Displaced People 

Additionally, Visa joined the Sunflower Project, a 

Indo-Pacific Economic Framework for Prosperity 

In 2022, Visa completed multi-dimensional research to 

understand how payments and financial services can 

support displaced people. Based on this research, we 

began standing up a new empowerment program for 

forcibly displaced people in Europe. The intent is to 

harness the potential of Visa’s assets and capabilities, 

ecosystem partnerships and scale in the pursuit of 

empowering forcibly displaced people. Prior to 2022, 

Europe received approximately 27 percent, or 7 million, 

of the world’s forcibly displaced people.4 Visa is positioned 

to support forcibly displaced people throughout their 

journey from the onset of displacement to long-term 

integration in their host countries. 

pan-European initiative of the Tent Partnership for 

Upskilling Initiative 

Refugees (Tent) that is focused on accelerating the 

inclusion of tens of thousands of Ukrainian refugee 

women across the continent through better access 

to jobs, training, skilling, mentoring and more. Tent is 

a network of 300+ major companies committed to 

helping refugees integrate economically by connecting 

them to work. Visa works with Tent as a member and 

anchor company to develop specific programs to 

support these efforts in Europe. 

In 2022, Visa pledged to deliver 500,000 upskilling 

opportunities and access to training and education in 

digital skills to women and girls in the Indo-Pacific emerging 

economies. This is in support of the 2022-2032 Indo-Pacific 

Economic Framework for Prosperity's Upskilling Initiative, 

led by the U.S. Department of Commerce. 

4. UNHCR | Global Trends Report 2021 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  17 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
FPO 

Women in Sports 

Sports present a significant opportunity for women to pursue their dreams, both on and off the field. Visa underscores 

our commitment to champion economic empowerment through our efforts to empower women at the intersection 

of business and athletics. 

Visa supports the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team and invests in women’s soccer through partnerships with 

Empowering 
Communities 

We are committed to using our time, talent and resources 

to support and strengthen the communities and markets 

in which we operate. 

At the Visa Inc. corporate level, we engage locally in our 

communities through: 

•  Community Giving 

•  Employee Giving & Volunteering 

•  Humanitarian and Disaster Relief 

In addition, Visa Foundation focuses its philanthropic 

efforts through: 

•  Community Giving 

•  Humanitarian and Disaster Relief 

•  Supporting SMBs 

In 2022, Visa Inc. contributed approximately $27 million to 

charities around the globe, while Visa Foundation funded 

approximately $28 million in grants. This includes matching 

gifts and other amounts described throughout this section. 

Union of European Football Associations’ Women’s Football and Visa’s longstanding partnership with the Federation 

Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), including the FIFA Women’s World Cup™, FIFA U-17 Women's World 

FY 2022 Giving Highlights 

Cup™ and FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup™. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  18 

~$27 million  

Visa Inc. Total  

~$28 million  

Visa Foundation Total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee Giving and Volunteering 

Dollars for Doers 

Visa employees around the world are empowered to give 

through donations of time and funds. In 2022, 80 percent 

of Visa’s global employee base participated in impact 

programs through donating, volunteering, directing loans 

to small businesses through the Visa Foundation and Kiva 

partnership and more. 

Employees can earn $10 per hour spent volunteering to  

contribute to charities they support (up to $500 per year).  

Additionally, each quarter, two employees from each   

Visa region are awarded $1,000 to give back to a charity   

of their choice. In 2022, employees raised approximately  

$474,000 through Dollars for Doers by logging  

volunteer hours. 

Visa amplifies our employees’ efforts to support causes 

important to them through: 

Community-Based Volunteering 

Employees also helped support SMBs through  

Visa Foundation’s partnership with Kiva, a crowdfunding 

microfinance organization. Through grant funding from 

Visa Foundation, Visa employees had the opportunity  

to direct $50 each in loans to SMBs on the Kiva platform.  

In 2022, 76 percent of employees participated in this effort, 

and the Visa + Kiva partnership was awarded a Gold Halo 

Award for Best Employee Engagement Initiative. Over the 

past three years, we have collectively directed over  

$2.4M in loans to 52,500 SMBs in 40 countries, of whom  

86 percent were women-led. 

Matching Gifts 

time off and team-based volunteer events to engage and 

In 2022, Visa also continued our employee mentorship 

Visa offers to match employees’ personal donations 1:1 

inspire global volunteerism in the communities where we 

program with Bridge for Billions. Through this online 

Visa leverages volunteer leadership councils, volunteer 

up to USD $10,000 per year. We also offer 2:1 matching in 

live and work. 

response to major disasters and other significant events. 

Visa & Giving Tuesday 

On Giving Tuesday in 2022, Visa Foundation offered 

a double match for Visa employee donations up to 

$1,000. On that day, ~3,700 employees participated 

and, combined with Visa Foundation’s match, donated 

$6.5 million to ~4,000 organizations. 

Visa offers two days of paid time off each year to eligible 

employees to volunteer for the charity or activity of their 

choice during work hours. Additionally, team volunteering 

opportunities are organized, encouraged and supported. 

program, Visa employees mentor Black, primarily women-

owned SMBs in the U.S. on a three-month incubation 

journey to help them review their business models, define 

their financial projections, create growth plans for their 

ventures and more. 

We continue to offer opportunities for virtual volunteering. 

Visa also partnered with Digital Boost, a mentoring  

We also engage voluntary Community & Volunteering 

platform that allows small businesses and charities   

Councils around the world to facilitate our programs while 

to learn key digital skills to help their businesses thrive.  

also providing employees with leadership development 

Through this program, Visa employees have been able   

opportunities. 

to apply their skills and expertise to mentor founders   

In FY22, approximately 6,000 employees from 

58 countries volunteered a total of 55,000 hours. 

of small businesses. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  19 

 
 
 
 
 
Visa Foundation 

Examples of Visa Foundation partners include: 

In  the  past five years, our partnership has resulted 

Visa Foundation seeks to generate measurable impact 

• Village Capital: provides women entrepreneurs with 

by focusing on three priority areas: 

• Equitable Access Initiative 

• Visa Foundation Gives 

• Humanitarian & Disaster Relief 

training, expert advice, networks and funding to help 

them thrive. Through Village Capital, Visa Foundation 

has supported 70 women-led small and micro 

businesses with training, grants and access to investors, 

allocated $300,000 of capital to SMBs and created a 

network of over 110 mentors and investors to support 

Equitable Access Initiative 

and advise the entrepreneurs. 

Visa Foundation launched the Equitable Access Initiative 

• Root Capital: connects agribusinesses with capital, 

in 2020, a five-year, $200 million strategic commitment 

markets and opportunities that would otherwise be 

to support the establishment and growth of thriving 

out of reach for rural economies. Through Root Capital, 

small and micro businesses with a focus on women 

Visa Foundation supported nearly 120 gender-inclusive 

entrepreneurs. As a part of the initiative, Visa Foundation 

businesses with access to skills, markets and finance. 

will provide at least $60 million in grants and $140 million 

These small businesses in turn collectively sourced crops 

in  reaching  8.1 million women, including 3.2 million  

women-led  SMBs. Serving this population has led 

to an 87 percent increase in women entrepreneurs 

benefiting from  

the usage of financial services—leading to a 10 percent 

increase in average business profits. 

Visa Foundation Gives 

Visa Foundation Gives is a new multi-year initiative 

dedicated to addressing local social issues affecting 

vulnerable communities where Visa has a significant 

office presence, and provides employees with  

new opportunities to support and volunteer  

in their communities. 

in impact investments to organizations at the forefront 

from nearly 460,000 smallholder farmers and provided 

Visa Foundation plans to grant up to $250,000 over 

of economic mobility through entrepreneurship. 

more than 15,500 jobs. 

Through its investments and grant-making activity,  

Visa Foundation partners with organizations that  

provide catalytic capital, capacity building and support 

services. Additionally, Visa Foundation uses capital as  

a tool to enable the flow of investment capital to  

gender-diverse SMBs. 

Visa Foundation’s activity has a global reach with a deep 

commitment to emerging economies and underserved 

communities driving gender equity. 

In 2022, Visa Foundation committed $15.5 million in grants 

and over $35 million in impact investments supporting 

gender diversity and inclusion for small businesses globally. 

two years in each selected city to one to two local 

non-profit partners. Visa employees will have ongoing, 

parallel opportunities to support the non-profits, such 

as volunteering days or helping the selected charities 

build their capacity through volunteer consulting. 

To address youth homelessness in the San Francisco 

Bay Area, Visa Foundation made a $12 million grant to 

Tipping Point Community, a nonprofit organization 

Additionally, Visa Foundation continued a five-year,  

committed to fighting poverty. Visa Foundation is  

$20 million partnership with Women’s World Banking to  

partnering with Tipping Point and its community  

support women-owned SMBs around the world. Women's 

network to direct these funds to impactful local service 

World Banking drives impact through its scalable, market-

providers in Bay Area neighborhoods with the goal of 

driven financial and policy solutions, gender lens private 

driving lasting change in the lives of youth. 

equity fund and leadership and diversity programs.  

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  20 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Humanitarian & Disaster Relief 

Visa Inc. and Visa Foundation respond to 

humanitarian crises and disasters in communities 

around the globe by contributing resources 

and unique capabilities in partnerships with 

governments, international relief groups and 

private organizations. 

Throughout 2022, Visa Inc. and Visa Foundation 

provided support to charities providing 

humanitarian aid following major natural disasters 

around the world, including: 

•  Typhoon Rai in the Philippines 

•  KwaZulu-Natal flooding in South Africa 

•  Flooding in Bangladesh and Pakistan 

•  Hurricane Fiona and Hurricane Ian in the U.S. 

Visa Foundation is an Annual Disaster Giving 

Program member of the American Red Cross, 

representing a commitment of $500,000 

annually to help the Red Cross prepare for 

disasters across the U.S., such as wildfires in 

Colorado and storms in California. 

In November 2022, Visa 

and Visa Foundation were 

honored by the American 

Red Cross of the Bay Area as 

their Philanthropic Company 

of the Year for outstanding 

contributions in support of 

the Red Cross’ efforts to help 

communities in need as they 

recover from natural disasters. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  21 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ENABLING TRUSTED COMMERCE 
& PROTECTING CUSTOMERS 

 
 
Payments Security 

We invest in innovation to build and maintain trust for   

our network and the broader payments ecosystem.   

We strive to continue to evolve our security capabilities 

At Visa, we aim to increase transaction approvals so that 

and work to reduce system-wide global fraud. 

Intelligent Security Solutions 

The explosion of digital payments offers vast opportunity 

for business growth, and with this opportunity comes 

security threats. Visa works hard to ensure that security, 

businesses can thrive while customers are protected and 

satisfied—no matter where or how they pay or are paid. 

At Visa, security is composed of three key areas: 

identity protection and dispute prevention keep pace with 

Over the past five years, Visa has invested over $10 billion 

in technology, including to reduce fraud and enhance 

• Credentials security: the ability to secure transactions 

and limit financial losses for ecosystem participants. 

network security. Visa employs specialists dedicated to 

• Operational resiliency: the ability to maintain a 

evolving challenges. Our multi-layered approach connects 

sellers and issuers to dynamic, data-rich solutions that help 

balance fraud reduction, dispute prevention and increased 

approvals so that businesses can thrive and customers 

protecting Visa’s network from malware, zero-day attacks 

network that is always on and helps participants identify 

are protected and satisfied—however they purchase, 

and insider threats 24x7x365. 

risks, improve decision making and transact efficiently. 

wherever they are. 

Visa also deploys artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled 

capabilities and always-on experts to protect our 

ecosystem, proactively detecting and preventing 

billions of dollars of attempted fraud. 

• Ecosystem integrity: the ability to identify and stop 

or mitigate illegal activity. 

We measure the effectiveness of our approach to  

payments security on a regular basis. We monitor  

Visa enables growth by letting each ecosystem participant 

focus on what they do best. Merchants want to spend time 

and energy building their product and service offerings 

and need seamless, secure and easy-to-adopt payment 

metrics such as fraud rates for Card Present and Card  

solutions. Cardholders want to transact with confidence 

Not Present scenarios as well as transaction volumes  

and ease. Issuers, fintechs and other participants also have 

that leverage secure technologies, such as 3-D Secure or  

unique value propositions for how they add value. 

In 2022, Visa helped prevent an 

estimated $27 billion in fraud. 

Tokenization. Additionally, we have implemented capability 

roadmaps  for  digitalization and automation. We improve  

the  operational  resilience of our network by engaging  

with ecosystem participants to gather perspectives,  

Visa’s ecosystem is a network of networks that enables 

benchmark  our  thinking and approach and steer our  

participants to move money for everyone, everywhere. 

security investments. 

We are committed to making our ecosystem the most 

secure, resilient and trusted engine of commerce. We 

continuously scan the ecosystem to identify and invest 

in new capabilities, work with clients to help secure the 

payments environment and take action to improve the 

security, integrity and resiliency of our network. 

By focusing on balancing stakeholder needs and securing 

the ecosystem, Visa enables specialization in a complex 

network of interconnected participants that helps grow 

a secure and efficient engine of commerce benefitting all 

parties. The Visa Intelligent Security framework offers our 

ecosystem partners dynamic, data-rich solutions that help 

balance fraud reduction and dispute prevention. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  23 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Intelligent Security framework spans the entire 

transaction lifecycle: 

Cybersecurity  

Onboarding & Management 

Provide financial institutions with tools to identify fraud at 

account opening. Through our financial institution clients, 

we provide tools to manage security, including account use 

restrictions and customizable alerts. 

Consumer Identity & Authentication 

Recognizing that the cyber threat landscape continues to 

evolve, Visa is committed to championing cybersecurity 

within our operations. 

We use an established risk assessment methodology and 

emerging threats. 

framework to identify cybersecurity risks and associated 

business impacts. In 2022, Visa’s security posture once 

again achieved the highest rating category from Gartner 

Apply AI-powered authentication strategies to prevent 

Consulting. We continue to outperform peers in our high-

unauthorized access to Visa accounts. 

risk, highly regulated business sector. 

defend against digital identity fraud by providing strong 

consumer authentication. By building our own products, 

we can keep cybersecurity data in-house. 

Visa also makes investments to improve our cybersecurity 

capabilities. We continue to implement new technologies 

and processes to enhance our security posture against 

No single technology in isolation can stop every threat. 

We deploy multiple redundant layers of preventative 

and detective technologies across our network and data 

layers to help mitigate the risk of threats. In the event 

cyber criminals succeed in breaching one layer, the doors 

Transaction Authorization 

Use tools such as Visa Advanced Authorization, which 

applies real-time AI and machine learning to evaluate the 

trustworthiness of transactions to prevent fraud without 

inconveniencing consumers. 

Dispute Management 

At Visa, we build and use AI to detect and secure cyber 

beyond that layer are designed to lock. We collaborate 

threats. We approach cybersecurity with a layered 

and share our security approach with industry peers, 

defense-in-depth strategy. We further advance our 

clients and competitors. 

capabilities based on our core areas of focus, including 

enhancing our architecture, expanding our data security 

program to include unstructured data and conducting 

continuous security and efficacy efforts. Visa developers 

build security into applications with the very first lines 

Our cybersecurity approach is supported by robust 

governance processes that involve regular reporting to 

management- and Board-level committees responsible for 

risk management and cybersecurity oversight. We provide 

regular updates to the full Board, including an annual 

Help consumers and issuers proactively address 

of code. We augment our core detection capabilities 

transaction disputes with Visa tools such as Verifi, which 

with a proactive approach, where we “hunt” for traces 

in-depth review. 

provides issuers and customers access to transaction 

of malicious activity to intercept would-be attackers. 

information from sellers via a global data-sharing network. 

Visa uses novel innovation in the new field of behavior 

The following sections describe some of the components 

we use to enact our cybersecurity strategy across 

Performance Optimization 

Enhance payment performance by reducing fraud and 

increasing efficiency. 

We continue to work with clients across different regions 

to meet their unique needs and accelerate the adoption of 

these solutions. 

biometrics coupled with the economics of vendor 

the business. 

offerings to champion the development of AI products 

that support cybersecurity. Our cybersecurity team 

develops solutions in-house to meet our stringent security 

Policy & Training 

requirements. Customized Visa-engineered solutions 

Visa’s cybersecurity policy framework, the Key Controls, 

include Visa Identity Behavior Analytics, which helps 

details our approach to protecting our information 

and technology assets, including the safe handling of 

consumer nonpublic personal information. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  24 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
The Cybersecurity Governance, Risk and Compliance 

prevention and secure file transfer, periodic blog articles 

collect, analyze and use cyber threat intelligence while 

(GRC)  organization  is responsible for the ongoing  

covering seasonal threats and relevant tips, such as secure 

providing continuous real-time validation of our security 

administration of the Key Controls, with specific  

remote working, executive announcements on key themes 

tools and assets. We augment our data with intelligence 

oversight  provided by the Cybersecurity Policy team. The 

and instructor-led training and speaker sessions. 

from hundreds of unique sources to enhance detection 

Key Controls are reviewed at least annually and updated  

as needed to address any changes to industry or regulatory 

requirements, new technologies or emerging threats. 

Each October, Visa celebrates Cybersecurity Awareness 

and response capabilities. 

Month with a month-long, multi-channel messaging 

We also leverage AI and deep learning technology to 

campaign, including online articles, training modules, 

monitor our network and understand the threats aimed at 

We provide new employees with security awareness 

speaker sessions and additional online content. 

our company. As cybersecurity risks continue to develop, 

training and conduct annual Key Controls training for all 

staff, to promote good cyber-hygiene and familiarity with 

Visa processes and tools. In 2022, 100 percent of eligible 

Adaptive Resiliency 

we are focused on maintaining our security posture ahead 

of the evolving threat landscape. We strengthened our 

supply chain by completing additional risk assessments. 

employees completed Key Controls training. Additionally, 

We regularly conduct cross-functional response and 

Our efforts to mitigate risks, including malware attacks, 

Visa Cybersecurity has launched an e-curriculum of online 

resiliency exercises involving multiple internal teams as 

data breaches and phishing scams, focus on continuous 

training modules covering such topics as Phishing, 

well as external partners and agencies. 

cybersecurity threat identification. 

Data Security, Security Assessment and more. 

We publish cybersecurity awareness content to  

Framework to drive an active and adaptive global Cyber 

addresses cyber resiliency by continuously looking for 

employees across multiple enterprise channels  

Defense capability. This capability allows us to meet the 

changing attack surfaces, risk management and evolving 

periodically throughout the year. These include intranet 

increasing threat landscape through the ability to rapidly 

threats. Launched in 2022, our Cyber Product Engineering 

pages dedicated to various topics  such  as  phishing 

team is heavily focused on increasing our investment in 

In 2022, we further evolved the Visa Cyber Fusion 

At Visa, our comprehensive digital transformation 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  25 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AI and integrating it into our security models, zero trust architecture and cloud adoption. This 

approach will enable our systems to adjust based on learnings and behaviors by adapting real-

world changes and informing decision making for complex activities. 

Moreover, Cyber Product Engineering aims to design, build and maintain a suite of 

cybersecurity systems and controls that help defend against cyber threats while offering 

a resilient and robust cybersecurity posture for Visa. 

We continue to focus on monitoring and protecting our critical assets including networks, 

computers, digital assets and databases from attacks, damage or unauthorized access. 

Furthermore,  we  continue  to  engineer and innovate preventive and detective solutions to 

advance the capabilities of our sensors, automation and visualization tools. In doing so, we are 

focused on maintaining our security posture ahead of the evolving threat landscape. 

Audits & Third-Party Certifications 

To promote the effectiveness of our cybersecurity approach and systems, we conduct 

multiple internal and external audits of our IT infrastructure and applications every year. These 

systems also are subject to examination by the Federal Banking Agencies and other regulators 

from across the globe. Examples of external reviews include: Payment Card Industry Data 

Security Standard, Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE-18) and 

International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3402. 

In addition, the Cybersecurity team and the Global Privacy Office  partner  closely  together 

so  that  cybersecurity  requirements in applicable laws and regulations are vetted and 

incorporated into Visa’s cybersecurity program. 

Responsible Data Use 

When it comes to data at Visa, our focus is simple: to use the data entrusted to us to enable 

individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. Visa relies on data to improve the security and 

value of the Visa network, better serve our clients and partners, protect consumers from fraud 

and drive positive impact for communities and economies around the globe. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  26 
2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  26

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We recognize consumers are concerned about how their 

Fairness 

data is collected, used, shared and kept secure. 

At Visa, we have adopted policies and practices designed 

to embed accountability for data practices throughout the 

organization and enable responsible execution through 

the expertise of dedicated security, privacy and data 

Visa’s application of data and data-driven insights aims 

to be fair and inclusive and avoid discrimination. Visa will 

strive to make our models explainable, accurate and safe. 

Accountability 

professionals working around the world on these topics. 

Visa’s approach to data use should be consistently applied 

Building trust begins with a commitment to privacy and 

security, which instills confidence in our employees and 

clients, protects our brand and allows us to innovate 

responsibly. We also recognize that data is a powerful tool 

that can fuel innovation, improve customer experiences, 

safeguard consumers from fraud and deliver new value  

to consumers. 

at all levels of the organization and be embedded through 

Our focus is simple: to use the data entrusted to us in 

process, training and management responsibilities. 

a responsible manner to benefit consumers and help 

The application of these principles may evolve over time, 

adapting to new privacy and data-related regulations 

and standards that may emerge, based on the needs of 

consumers, businesses and economies. As Visa’s business 

moves into new technologies, payment flows and value 

added services, we are committed to engaging with 

policymakers and regulators worldwide to participate in 

businesses and economies grow. We embed these and 

other practices through a robust privacy program that 

allows us to measure and monitor organizational practices. 

We strive to be transparent about our data practices.  

To learn more about how Visa collects, uses and shares 

Personal Information, as well as the privacy choices we 

offer, please refer to our Visa Global Privacy Notice. 

the development and harmonization of data focused laws, 

Visa’s Global Privacy Office, composed of dozens of 

regulations and standards. 

privacy professionals around the world, is led by Visa’s 

Data Values 

Emphasizing our commitment to responsible data use, 

the Visa Data Values, adopted in 2020, capture the 

principles that we apply when we collect, use and share 

consumer data. Data innovation is a vital component of 

Visa’s strategy—and in everything we do—built on our 

60-year legacy of responsible data stewardship. 

Security 

Individuals and businesses should have confidence that 

Visa payment data is safe. There is no higher priority 

for Visa than safeguarding those who use our products, 

services and network. 

Control 

Data Privacy 

Visa operates one of the world’s largest payment networks, 

Visa will always strive to provide simple explanations 

and respecting privacy is central to our purpose. Visa has 

regarding how data may be used and to empower 

a Global Privacy Program to ensure proper safeguards be 

individuals with easy processes to manage use of their data. 

applied to personal information we collect, use and share. 

Value 

Data use at Visa should benefit individuals, businesses 

and economies. We strive to do this by delivering greater 

security, financial inclusion and consumer convenience. 

Our Privacy Program is centered on key privacy principles 

that allow the Privacy Program to adapt alongside   

Visa’s global footprint, taking into account industry  

benchmarks and best practices in addition to evolving  

laws and regulations. 

Chief Privacy Officer and closely coordinates with several 

cross-functional teams and governance bodies, including 

the Cybersecurity team and Global Data Office. 

The Corporate Risk Committee and the Visa Inc. Audit and 

Risk Committee oversee the Global Privacy Program and 

the risks related to data privacy, including our compliance 

with current and emerging data protection laws around 

the world. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  27 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Responsible Use of 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) 

Bias, or the potential of producing unlawful discrimination 

or disparate impact, is one of the greatest risks posed by AI. 

Bias can enter the product lifecycle at many stages, and Visa 

believes in proactive mitigation and monitoring. Visa’s Model 

Risk Management (MRM) team reviews modeling techniques 

and sets technical standards for model performance while 

seeking to produce models that are are fit-for-purpose. 

We have an internal MRM Committee to help apply 

governance and data safeguards to our use of AI, as well 

as cross-functional stakeholder discussions on emerging 

AI regulations. 

Visa has developed a  

multi-layered governance and 

accountability structure for 

models and algorithms, including 

operational, legal, privacy and 

risk-based frameworks. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  28 

 
 
 
Transaction Integrity 

Visa continues to enhance and evolve our risk programs 

• Works with acquirers to identify and terminate 

to meet the needs of a constantly changing payments 

merchants that are selling illegal items and services. 

Visa connects the world through the most innovative, 

reliable and secure payments network—enabling 

individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. Visa is 

committed to maintaining the integrity of our payment 

system. We do not tolerate the use of our network and 

products for illegal activity, and we are vigilant in our 

efforts to deter illegal activity on our network. 

Visa has longstanding rules and processes designed to 

landscape. The Visa Integrity Risk Program (formerly known 

as the Global Brand Protection Program), for example, 

establishes a set of ecosystem controls, requirements and 

capabilities that seek to deter, detect and remediate non-

compliant transactions across our network. This framework 

helps network participants that support merchants in legal 

businesses that are at higher risk for illicit activity maintain 

proper controls and oversight processes to identify 

and deter unlawful transactions from entering the 

uphold the integrity of our network. Our approach to 

Visa payment system. 

protecting the network is tethered to the law and grounded 

in the Visa Rules and our robust compliance programs. It is 

As part of the Program, Visa: 

• Engages with law enforcement to stay abreast of 

ecosystem risks. 

• Supports industry and cross-industry organizations and 

initiatives such as the Financial Coalition Against Child 

Sexual Exploitation, a joint initiative of the International 

Centre for Missing & Exploited Children and the National 

Center for Missing & Exploited Children, and the Internet 

Watch Foundation. 

• Combats counterfeiting and piracy in partnership with 

the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition. 

Visa is also a member of the Alliance for Safe Online 

Visa’s policy to follow the law of every country in which we 

do business. 

• Maintains registration requirements for acquirers and 

Pharmacies, a global initiative that works to combat illegally 

merchants, pursuant to which acquirers attest to their 

sold prescription medicines. 

We do not make moral judgments on legal purchases 

merchants’ compliance with our standards. 

made by consumers, and we respect the rightful role 

• Provides acquirers guidance and direction on controls to 

of lawmakers to make decisions about what is legal 

help comply with Visa’s rules. 

and what is not. However, when participants on the 

network are unable to meet our requirements, including 

compliance with applicable law, we levy financial penalties 

and, based on the circumstances, suspend or terminate 

them from our system. 

• Proactively monitors participant transaction activity via 

machine- learning solutions. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  29 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE 

 
 
Being a Visa employee means you are supported by over 

26,500 colleagues who are inspired by a common purpose 

Inclusion & Diversity  

to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to 

pay and be paid. We celebrate our employees’ unique life 

At Visa, promoting Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) is a focus 

experiences, talents, passions and the contributions they 

for our business, and we do so throughout the regions 

can make to drive innovation in the payments technology 

in which we operate, focusing on the issues most relevant 

industry. We invest in our people to be an employer of 

to each region. Visa’s I&D strategic objectives include: 

Stand Together 
Initiative 

In 2020, Visa made a public commitment to Stand 

Together, our effort to help support social justice 

and racial equality impacting our people, company 

choice through the following areas: 

•

Inclusion & Diversity 

• Talent & Culture: supporting diverse talent in a culture 

and society. 

focused on inclusion. 

• Employee Talent, Growth & Learning 

• Partnership & Community: amplifying partnerships 

for societal and business benefits. 

• Process & Capabilities: enabling global I&D through 

a center of excellence on measurement and best 

practices. 

• Leadership & Communications: supporting I&D 

outcomes linked to talent, brand, community and 

business actions. 

• Visa Total Rewards 

• Employee Wellbeing 

• Employee Safety & Security 

We celebrate our employees’ 

unique life experiences, talents, 

passions and the contributions 

they can make. 

Our Stand Together goals include: 

•

Increasing the number of employees from 

underrepresented groups at the vice president 

level and above in the U.S. by 50 percent by 2023. 

•

Increasing the number of underrepresented Visa 

employees in the U.S. by 50 percent by 2025. 

We have made strong overall progress toward the  

objectives of our Stand Together initiative and are  

on track to meet or exceed these goals.  

As part of this commitment to Stand Together,  

we have expanded culturally-focused development  

programs to support Black, African American, Latino,  

Hispanic and other underrepresented groups.  

These programs include a partnership with the   

McKinsey Leadership Academy as well as internal skill   

building and coaching programs for employees across   

job levels at Visa.  

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  31 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
Our People 

Visa Employees 

Visa is a people-centric company with supportive colleagues 

who lift each other up in a culture of caring and respect. In the 

U.S., we have embedded our commitment to inclusion and 

diversity in the hiring process by introducing best practices 

such as including diverse candidates in candidate slates and 

diverse hiring panels. 

Our executive team regularly reviews a diversity metrics 

dashboard and initiatives that drive recruitment, retention, 

internal mobility and advancement. By regularly reviewing 

this data, we can evaluate our progress and challenge 

ourselves toward further change. 

We invest in a workplace that encourages diversity  

of thought, culture and background so that diverse  

perspectives are embedded in the work that we do.  

We strive to create an inclusive workplace by valuing  

all employees and investing in robust inclusion and  

diversity training. 

By increasing, developing and investing in diverse 

talent, we create more socially and racially equitable 

teams within Visa. In the U.S., Visa offered two 

development programs, Brij the Gap and I to the 

4th Power, to underrepresented groups through 

partnerships. These programs offered solutions to 

support diverse employees as they transition into new 

experiences and job levels. In addition, mentorship, 

In 2022, we continued Leading and Belonging at Visa, 

sponsorship and cluster coaching was offered to Black 

a learning experience for leaders, created in partnership 

and African American employees. 

with the Perception Institute, an organization that 

translates mind science research on race and other 

identities into solutions that help reduce bias and 

promote belonging. 

WORKFORCE DEMOGRAPHICS1

Gender in Global Workforce 

Gender in Global Leadership2

Gender in U.S. Workforce 

Gender in U.S. Leadership2

Ethnicities in U.S. Workforce 

Ethnicities in U.S. Leadership2

3% 

2% 

42% 

58% 

36% 

64% 

44% 

56% 

36% 

64% 

36% 

41% 

18%

7% 

13%

60% 

Male 

Female 

Asian 

Black 

Hispanic 

White 

Other3

12%

8%

1. Data is based on company records as of September 30, 2022. 

2. Leadership: VP and above. 

3. Other: American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander and two or more races. Ethnicity data does not include undeclared and blanks. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  32 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In Europe, Visa participates in an ethnic diversity Talent 

expenses for undergraduate students, offering  

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 

Accelerator program, which supports the progression of 

mentorship, skills building opportunities, career  

underrepresented professionals at the senior manager and 

development, networking opportunities and work  

director levels, enabling participants to grow into leading 

experience to scholarship recipients. 

With over 9,000 members across the globe, Visa’s ERGs 

are employee-led networks that support a diverse, 

equitable and inclusive workplace. The ERGs complement 

change makers and role models at Visa. 

In our Asia Pacific region, the Young Professionals ERG 

piloted a four-month group MentoRING program on topics 

such as career planning, building networks and finding 

purpose and work-life balance. 

• Singapore: launched the second cohort of the Visa 

our broader corporate inclusion and diversity efforts 

Technology Traineeship Program, a 12-month work-

and help foster an inclusive workplace environment that 

based learning and talent development program that 

derives the benefits of diverse employees' talents, skills 

brings Visa's payment and payment network technology 

and abilities. 

expertise to Singaporeans interested in starting a career 

Developing the Future Workforce 

• South Africa: hosted a 12-month Learnership Program 

in technology. 

In 2022, Visa laid the foundation for increased ERG 

effectiveness and impact by launching a global ERG 

strategy, developing annual operating plans and 

assigning executive committee-level sponsors. 

intended to facilitate skills development and upskill 

school leavers from less privileged communities who 

Outside of our existing workforce, we promote 

economic opportunity and a diverse talent pipeline 

through internships, scholarships, mentoring and 

skill building. Progress in 2022 included: 

• U.S.: announced the recruitment of a second cohort of 

75 students as part of our Visa Black Scholars and Jobs 

Program; in partnership with the Thurgood Marshall 

Foundation College Fund. The $10 million Program offers 

select college-bound Black and African American high 

school students in the U.S. yearly scholarship assistance, 

mentorship from Visa employees and the opportunity 

for an immersive internship experience. Those who 

meet all program requirements will receive a full-time 

job offer with Visa after graduation. 

• U.K. and Spain: extended our scholarship programs 

in partnership with the Windsor Fellowship (U.K.) and 

Dadoris Foundation (Spain) to support students from 

underrepresented and economically disadvantaged 

backgrounds by covering tuition fees or monthly 

cannot afford higher education to prepare the students 

In 2022, Visa’s ERGs included: 

for the workplace through a Learning Academy and 

on-the-job training. 

• Latinx Connect 

• Native, Allies, Tribal & Indigenous Voices 

• Ukraine: supported the initiative that aims to inspire 

Everywhere (NATIVE) 

and empower 5,000 Ukrainian women to start creative 

and tech careers if they have been displaced following 

the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In April 2022, Projector 

Institute with the support of Ukraine’s Ministry of Digital 

• Military Employee Resource Group (MERG) 

• Parents & Careers 

• Visa Asian Employee Network (VAEN) 

Transformation launched the Projector Creative and 

• Visa Employees with Visible/Invisible Disabilities (ViAble) 

Tech Foundation initiative, which includes special short 

• Visa Black Employee Network (ViBE) 

courses covering a range of creative, digital and IT related 

skills to give participants the knowledge and practical 

skills to relaunch their careers. 

• Visa Indian Alliance (VINA) 

• Visa PRIDE 

• Visa Women’s Network (VWN) 

• Visa Young Professionals 

• Race Ethnicity and Cultural Heritage (REACH) – E.U. only 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  33 

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
In FY22: 

Women earned $1.00 for 

every $1.00 earned by men for 

the same work globally, and 

underrepresented employees 

earned $1.01 for every $1.00 

earned by white employees 

for the same work in the U.S. 

Fostering Allyship 

We believe active allyship and reducing unconscious bias 

are key to fostering an inclusive workplace. We encourage 

employees to  gain knowledge of colleagues' backgrounds 

and experiences. We provide training opportunities to 

equip our employees with resources and tools to become 

active allies and learn behaviors that build a workplace 

where diverse perspectives are valued. 

Allyship efforts include shared experiences through our 

Stand Together Inclusion & Diversity Talks speaker series, 

a global education opportunity for Visa employees 

designed to promote active learning.  We welcome 

guest speakers for thought-provoking conversations 

that  embrace global experiences and points of view. 

Highlights from the 2022 Inclusion & Diversity Talks include: 

• Educator and race and gender activist Reverend 

Nontombi Naomi Tutu 

• Fashion designer, television personality and author 

Tan France 

• CEO of Voto Latino and MSNBC analyst 

Maria Teresa Kumar 

• Television personality Lisa Ling 

202022 En

22 Envirvironmental, Social & Go

onmental, Social & Govvernanc

ernance Report

e Report  ||  3434 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pay Equity 

In using an inclusion-first approach, we can develop 

Marketing Responsibly 

As part of building an inclusive and equitable organization, 

we are committed to tracking, measuring, evaluating and 

reporting annually on our workforce demographics and 

pay equity. 

products that reflect the full range of diversity in identity 

and experiences of our clients, partners and consumers. 

For more on our supplier diversity initiatives, please see 

Responsible Sourcing. 

Visa’s goal is to include 100 percent of regular, active 

Promoting Accessibility 

We also are using the strength and influence of the Visa 

brand to foster inclusive communities. Visa continues 

to reflect historically underrepresented groups in our 

marketing campaigns, sponsorships and events, such 

as Visa’s partnership with a diverse set of Team Visa 

athletes who are representative of the communities 

employees in fully-integrated subsidiaries in our equal 

pay analysis. Our most recent analysis was based on 

FY22 total compensation, which includes base salary, 

annual cash incentives and annual long-term incentive 

awards, and included 99.8 percent of all regular, active 

employees of all fully-integrated subsidiaries of Visa 

Accessibility involves designing, developing and testing 

where we live and work. 

digital experiences to make them accessible for people 

with disabilities, including those that affect a user’s visual, 

mobility, cognitive or hearing ability. Careful design and 

implementation help create a good user experience for all. 

Since the Team Visa program’s inception more than  

20 years ago, Visa has championed more than  

540 athletes—55 percent of whom have been women, 

underscoring Visa’s efforts to empower women athletes 

as of September 30, 2022. 

The global standard for accessibility is the Web Content 

and shift the paradigm of brands backing women in sport. 

Our Company 

Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 AA, which aims to 

help reduce barriers for people with disabilities. In order 

to provide ease and consistency, we created our Visa 

We are also using our influence as a company to catalyze 

Global Accessibility Requirements (VGAR) to support 

change externally. For example, we are working to diversify 

Visa staff. VGAR is a five-step methodology that supports 

our supply chain by updating sourcing language and 

compliance with international accessibility standards 

considering diversity when making supplier selections. 

and requirements. For more on VGAR, please visit the 

For more information on our supplier diversity efforts, 

Visa Developer Center. 

see the Operating Responsibly section of this report. 

At Visa, we focus on creating inclusive and accessible  

products that can serve as many people as possible.   

We believe inclusive product design produces better 

and more thoughtful products and is an important 

element of our purpose to uplift everyone, everywhere 

by being the best way to pay and be paid. 

In 2022, we continued our Creative Review Advisory 

Council that reviews and advises on Visa marketing and 

communications campaigns in the U.S. so that input from 

historically underrepresented communities is embedded 

in each campaign, supporting Visa’s purpose. The Advisory 

Council consists of Visa employees who are members of 

an ERG with diverse racial, cultural and gender identities, 

and represent varying job levels in non-marketing and 

non-communications roles. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  35 

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
Employee Talent, 
Growth & Learning 

Visa’s longstanding commitment to invest in our employees 

includes robust development and education programs 

in areas of payments, technology, inclusion and diversity, 

Additionally in 2022, we piloted our Internal Career 

•

Ignite—Leading Visa Forward: Focused on developing 

Readiness and Mobility Program in North America, aimed 

organizational agility and resilience to deliver sustainable 

to help employees succeed as they explore career paths 

long-term commercial growth. In FY22, we delivered 

within the company. We intend to share learnings with 

the program to 124 senior leaders globally, tripling the 

our other geographic regions for global application. 

number compared to FY21. 

Performance Reviews 

• Leading for Growth Country Manager Program: 

Aimed at equipping country managers to drive 

professional development and leadership. 

Our simplified performance review process—which 

sustainable long-term growth and creating a global 

consists of goal setting, midyear check-ins and 

community for country managers to collaborate and 

annual reviews—is meant to strengthen performance 

share best practices. 

Talent and Learning Strategy 

Visa seeks to develop, attract and retain through a talent 

and learning strategy that results in a capable, skilled, 

engaged and continuously developing workforce. 

We aim to propel next-generation leaders and enable 

career growth through technical and functional skill 

development and enhanced ways of working. 

Career Development Framework 

conversations to drive growth and improvement across 

our workforce. These formal touchpoints are supported 

by ongoing conversations throughout the year to ensure 

employees receive regular recognition, coaching and 

feedback to meet their goals and grow their impact. 

During our 2022 annual review process, 100 percent of 

eligible employees completed a self-assessment and 

96 percent received a written manager assessment. 

All Visa employees have a career development framework 

Learning and Development 

and set of resources and digital tools to plan their career 

growth at the company. We actively encourage employees 

to explore growth opportunities and recently revised 

our Internal Mobility Guidelines to reduce job 

mobility restrictions.  

We believe Visa’s talent development practices and 

programs are best in class and cover a spectrum of 

topics and delivery channels. We support employees 

in their development through our award-winning Visa 

• Amplify— Harnessing Your Authentic Voice: Aimed 

at helping women find and enhance their authentic voice 

as a leader through creating personal narratives and 

exploring values, courage, negotiation and influencing. 

In FY22, we delivered the program to nearly 80 women 

leaders at the director/senior director level across NA, 

LAC and Europe. 

• Leading Across Visa: Designed to support commercial 

leadership by developing decision-making, strategy, 

execution and collaboration. Participants play the 

role of Visa’s senior leadership while competing in an 

intensive business simulation. We delivered the program 

to over 370 directors/senior directors globally, more than 

doubling the audience compared to FY21. 

University (VU). 

Visa also offers regionally-tailored programs, including the 

Engagement from employees and people leaders 

across the organization remained high in 2022. Most 

People Leadership 

employees use a self-selected growth path to direct their 

Highlights of VU FY22 People Leadership Programs and 

development, and people leaders engage in regular career 

Initiatives include: 

and growth conversations with individual team members. 

following FY22 highlights: 

Asia Pacific (AP) Region: 

• AP Leadership Program: Delivered a six-month program 

to about 25 senior directors and high-potential directors. 

• Leaders as Coach: Designed to enhance coaching skills 

with an emphasis on practical career conversations. 

In FY22, we delivered 20 sessions to 780 participants. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  36 

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• AP People Leader Series: Delivered program to about 

300 people leaders through learning, practice and 

community learning. 

• Mentor Academy: Delivered two mentoring 

courses, “Traits of an Effective Mentor” and “Inclusive 

Mentoring,” to build capabilities and enable employees 

to be effective mentors through a four-step 

framework process. 

Central Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) region: 

• Delivered VU’s LEAP Development Program to   

32 high-potential participants with 90 percent of  

the CEMEA leadership team participating as   

teachers and advisors. 

Technology Learning 

Visa University’s technology and functional learning 

portfolio continues to evolve to include upskilling our 

employees on cutting-edge technologies. In August 

2022, we introduced a Cloud Computing Learning Month 

for the Technology organization, where internal experts 

and external thought leaders addressed our multi-cloud 

strategy and its implications for architecture, development, 

security and data. 

FY22 Learning Resource Utilization and Feedback 

89% of Visa employees participated in one or more formal Visa University learning 

programs or used one or more Visa University learning programs. 

69% of Visa employees used one or more self-paced, anytime, anywhere digital learning resources. 

Over 450,000 learning hours completed across all modalities. 

Data analytics and governance training for Visa’s data 

Visa Learning Hub 

Learning Festival 

science community helped over 1,000 employees remain 

Visa provides nearly 200,000 self-paced learning content 

In 2022, we hosted Visa’s fourth annual global Learning 

fluent in their data use obligations. The training helps 

ensure data is safeguarded and work is performed in 

items for anytime, anywhere learning, including content 

Festival, with more than 50 virtual global sessions and 

developed by Visa experts and leading industry partners. 

interactive in-person events in 26 locations. Five members  

compliance with Visa’s data use policies, providing Visa 

We averaged 10,000 visitors per month, a 25 percent 

of Visa executive management and multiple external  

with a competitive edge. 

increase year-over-year. In 2022, Visa employees spent 

thought leaders contributed to the event, created to  

More than 1,500 employees completed the Phishing and 

Social Engineering module of our Cybersecurity Practices 

Series, critical to preventing security incidents. 

more than 90,000 hours using our content libraries, 

inspire employee curiosity around the theme “Connect.” 

averaging 7,500 hours a month, which more than doubled 

The Learning Festival saw 31,000 event registrations and 

year-over-year.  

29 percent employee participation, a 36 percent increase 

from FY21. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  37 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee Engagement 

At Visa, we believe that building an inclusive and high-

performing culture requires an engaged workforce, where 

employees are motivated to do their best work every day. 

Our engagement approach centers on communication, 

Visa conducted employee research and identified three 

As Visa launched flexible work in 2022, we shifted our focus 

key areas where we thrive: impact, growth and inclusivity. 

to supporting employees in a hybrid work environment. 

At Visa, our employees appreciate that they can make an 

We implemented a listen-and-learn strategy by primarily  

impact with a purpose-driven industry leader, drive their 

focusing our employee surveys for the first half of the   

growth within a growing company and be part of a people-

year on capturing employee preferences as we returned   

centered company that invests in its employees. 

to Visa offices. 

monitoring and recognition. 

Employee Surveys and Employee Feedback 

Employee Value Proposition 

We assess employee engagement through a variety of 

channels, including employee surveys, which provide 

In 2022, we launched Visa’s Employee Value Proposition 

feedback on a variety of topics such as company direction 

(EVP), Powering Payments, Empowering People, linked 

and strategy, wellbeing, inclusion and diversity, individual 

to our purpose, to help attract new talent and engage 

growth and development, collaboration, confidence 

and retain current employees. 

and pride. 

With offices around the globe open for in-person 

collaboration by late 2022, in December we launched 

a comprehensive survey to all employees to collect 

feedback on 13 dimensions, including common drivers of 

employee engagement. Eighty-nine percent of employees 

responded to the global survey. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  38 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In 2022, 95 percent of participating employees reported that they 

feel proud to work for Visa, up 1 point from our 2021 pulse survey 

and 9 points higher than the software and service industry average. 

Through this survey, we heard that 92 percent of 

Employee Communications 

Our benefits vary by location and may include: 

employees understand the link between their work and 

our company’s strategic objectives. Additionally, 91 percent 

of employees are proud to work for a purpose-driven 

company and would recommend Visa as a great place 

to work. The strong engagement reflects high marks for 

manager effectiveness and notable progress across key 

areas of focus including belonging and career growth.

 Employee Recognition 

Visa values maintaining various streams of communication 

with our employees to keep them informed and to listen 

to their needs. In FY22, we communicated with our 

employees through regular video updates from our then 

• Paid new child bonding leave, with a minimum of 14 

weeks for all parents 

• Family emergency leave 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, company intranet, 

• Education assistance tuition reimbursement program 

digital signage, social media, Visa TV, email newsletters, live 

events in regional offices and quarterly all-staff meetings. 

Visa also conducts employee surveys, all-staff town 

• Child and elder care services 

• Concierge and errand running services 

halls, live Q&A sessions and fireside chats to encourage 

• Various insurance products 

Our recognition programs, such as Visa’s Go Beyond 

employees to share their voice with the company. 

platform, allow managers and peers to recognize 

employees who exemplify Visa’s leadership principles. 

In 2022, Visa focused on creating a global blueprint for 

standardizing and promoting a culture of recognition. This 

blueprint includes comprehensive practices for event- and 

Visa Total Rewards 

• Fertility, surrogacy and adoption benefits 

• Milk shipping/lactation support 

• Discount programs 

• Generous paid time off and holidays 

performance-based amplification across the moments 

We structure our total rewards and benefits package 

• Paid volunteer time and time off for voting in elections 

that matter in the employee lifecycle. In 2022, we laid the 

to attract and retain a talented and engaged global 

• Ability to work from another location for up to 

groundwork for our new UPLIFT recognition program, 

workforce. We provide comprehensive wellbeing, financial 

four weeks 

planned for launch in spring of 2023. 

and quality-of-life coverage and continue to evolve our 

• Commuter assistance 

With the programs we have established, employee 

sentiment is on the rise. In 2022, 82 percent of employees 

reported that they feel recognized for good work, up 

5 points from our 2021 pulse survey and 11 points higher 

than the software and service industry average. 

programs to meet employee needs. Our benefits package 

includes competitive compensation, annual bonus, 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan, a two-for-one 401(k) match 

in the United States, mental health resources and flexible 

work arrangements. 

For comprehensive information about employee benefits, 

please visit Visa’s Benefits website. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  39 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Visa Supports Employees after 
Russian Invasion of Ukraine 

Employee Wellbeing 

After the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, 

Promoting good workplace mental health is a priority 

Visa provided rapid response to support Visa 

for our business and our employees. As a company, 

employees by: 

•  Supporting Visa employees impacted by the 

invasion, including assisting with evacuation 

from Kiev to Western Ukraine and abroad and 

we are deeply committed to employees’ mental health 

and wellbeing and have been expanding our wellness 

offerings—not just for extreme circumstances, but for 

every day. 

Employee Safety 
& Security 

Visa has a long-standing commitment to protect the 

physical safety of our global workforce. Responsibility 

and oversight of employee safety resides with the Visa 

Global Security and Safety (GSS) team, which promotes 

the safety of Visa’s employees and contingent workers by 

providing accommodation support for employees 

• We offer free coaching and therapy services that are 

establishing health and safety practices. The GSS team 

and families. 

•  Maintaining a hotline mailbox and daily standing 

calls with relevant Visa teams to address any 

immediate concerns or queries. 

•  Supporting Visa employees impacted by our 

suspension of operations in Russia, including 

identifying new opportunities with Visa or 

supporting their transition from the company. 

•  Delivering wellness sessions such as “Dealing 

with Crisis” and ”Resilience.” 

•  Providing coaching sessions with 

external speakers. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  40 
2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  40

available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week (24/7). These 

maintains a global Safety, Health and Environmental Policy 

services are provided by Modern Health and available 

and provides relevant training to the executive team and 

by phone, in an app, in a video chat or in person. All U.S.-

key employees. 

based employees are eligible to use the Modern Health 

services, regardless of enrollment in other Visa benefits. 

• We offer an Employee Assistance Program as a free 

service available to all employees and their immediate 

To track our health and safety performance, Visa 

conducts monthly and annual audits of our health and 

safety equipment and facilities. Each month we track and 

audit our near misses, injuries and worker compensation 

family to access in-person or telephone counseling. 

claims. 

Telephone counseling is available 24/7. 

•

In FY22, we extended No Meeting Friday Afternoons and 

offered Wellbeing Hours to give employees additional 

time to focus on themselves. 

• We held “Sharing Space” sessions for employees to learn 

insights and tips from outside experts about mental 

In 2022, we launched a global safety campaign to teach 

lifesaving skills that help keep our workplace safe. Over 

1,000 employees participated by completing Safety 

Ambassador, First Aid, CPR/AED or Stop the Bleed classes, 

which we believe helps the families, neighbors and 

communities of Visa employees be more prepared for 

health and wellbeing. 

an emergency. 

In 2022, Visa continued to offer the Be Well Wellbeing Hub 

to share tools, workshops and wellbeing benefits programs 

Visa assesses and manages safety risks, provides 

security measures and oversees emergency response 

organized by region. We also encourage employees to join 

by monitoring: 

our Be Well Community to connect with colleagues for 

wellness-focused activities and events. 

• Emerging security threats, such as natural disasters, 

civil unrest and terrorist attacks identified through 

security, government and media sources. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Personnel on business travel and employees who 

The Program includes an online office ergonomics training 

are working outside their home countries. 

and guidance on how to identify opportunities to improve 

• Company assets, including facilities and strategic 

third-party sites. 

Visa’s support for employee safety includes providing 

information and resources for employees to work 

effectively and safely. To promote healthy remote work 

environments, Visa increased flexibility in schedules, 

encouraged individuals to collaborate with managers 

to balance professional and personal obligations and 

launched “Wellbeing Hours” to encourage schedule 

working habits and adjust workspaces. Upon completion 

of the training, employees receive a personalized plan to 

address ergonomic issues. 

Select Corporate 
Recognition 

flexibility at the end of the work week. 

• Gender-Equality Index (Bloomberg, 2023) 

As employees returned to offices in 2022, we used local 

and national guidance and emergency and regulatory 

• Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality (Human Rights 

Campaign, 2022) 

requirements to implement global best practices. Since 

• Black Equity Index Inaugural Member (Coqual, 2022) 

we began our return to office journey, we believe we have 

learned how to navigate the pandemic safely and are  

•

100% on the Disability Equality Index & Best Place to 

Work for People with Disabilities (Disability Equality 

evolving our flexible hybrid work strategy with a focus on 

Index, 2022) 

“the three C's"—collaboration, connection and community— 

to foster a strong and rewarding culture within Visa. 

• Corporate Inclusion Index, 5-Star Rating for Employment 

and Governance (Hispanic Association on Corporate 

Recognizing variations in work and collaboration around 

Responsibility, 2022) 

the world and across functions, we provide select leaders 

with the flexibility to create hybrid plans that support  

their individual teams. As part of these hybrid plans, most 

employees will be in the office at least 50 percent of the 

time. We designed our updated approach to give our 

• Best Advance in Unique Learning Technology for Visa 

Voyagers program (Brandon Hall Group, 2022) 

• Training Top 100 APEX Award, #11 (Training 

Magazine, 2022) 

employees flexibility balanced with the benefits of working 

• BEST Awards, #1 (Association for Talent 

together in-person. 

Development, 2022) 

In addition, Visa maintains an Ergonomics Program to  

help employees create an environment in which they  

can work comfortably and productively from anywhere. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  41 
2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  41

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROTECTING THE PLANET 

 
 
Visa believes in the importance of helping to protect 

Visa aims to be among global corporate leaders in this decisive decade of action. Guiding us on our efforts are the following 

our planet and natural resources and supporting 

climate-related goals and aspirations: 

climate action. We strive to use our products, 

services, network, expertise, brand and partnerships 

to minimize the environmental footprint of our 

operations, inspire and empower sustainable 

commerce and support the global transition to a 

low-carbon economy. 

Our approach includes: 

•  Sustainable Operations 

•  Sustainable Movement 

•  Sustainable Solutions 

Carbon neutral operations 

Maintain carbon neutrality of our operations (greenhouse gas emissions scopes 1 and 2 as well as the business 

travel and employee commuting components of scope 3). 

Science-based interim targets 

Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 50 percent by FY30 from a FY20 base year. Reduce 

absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 42 percent within the same timeframe. 

Net Zero target 

Eliminate the footprint from our scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2040. 

Climate positive company 

Support positive climate action beyond our operational footprint by leveraging our products, services, network 

and other resources. 

Visa’s net zero emissions by 2040 goal aligns with global standards and includes efforts to engage with suppliers to abate a 

significant portion of the greenhouse gas footprint of Visa’s purchased goods and services. In May 2022, the Science Based 

Target Initiative (SBTi) approved Visa’s science-based targets at the 1.5 degree Celsius ambition level. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  43 

 
 
 
 
 
Green Bond  

Sustainable Operations 

In 2022, progress included: 

In August 2020, Visa issued our inaugural $500 

Our initiatives to deliver on our corporate goals for 

•  Received formal approval of BREEAM certification at 

our U.K. sites in London, Basingstoke and Reading. 

million green bond—believed to be the first green 

environmental stewardship and climate action begin 

•  Began occupying our new regional headquarters 

bond issued by a digital payments network. In 

with our efforts within Visa. We work to reduce the 

alignment with our Green Bond Framework, 

environmental footprint from our business activities, 

we are using our Green Bond to finance the 

which primarily include data centers and offices, employee 

in Dubai, which followed the Dubai Green Building 

Regulations and Specifications during construction. 

Initiated certification at our newly occupied space at 

construction and operation of highly efficient 

commuting, business travel, corporate events and 

Visa’s New York City office. 

buildings with a focus on energy and water 

purchased goods and services from our suppliers. 

efficiency improvements. As detailed in our 2022 

Green Bond Report, as of March 31, 2022, Visa has 

allocated $243.3 million thus far in eligible spend 

on projects that meet the Eligibility Criteria in 

accordance with the Use of Proceeds defined in 

the Green Bond Framework. Examples of projects 

financed by the Green Bond in 2022 include: 

•  Deploying a 1MW modular data center unit and 

replacing existing cooling infrastructure at our 

central U.S. data center. 

•  Obtaining LEED certification of our 

53,000 square foot office in Bellevue, WA. 

•  Entering into agreement with British Gas to 

power Visa’s U.K. offices and data centers. 

•  Began occupying a new 79,000 square foot 

regional headquarters in Dubai, which followed 

the Dubai Green Building Regulations and 

Specifications during construction. 

For more on these and other projects, please refer 

to our 2022 Green Bond Report. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report | 44

•  Created solutions in our London Innovation Center to 

reduce the power usage of office technology, including a 

solution designed to prompt low power standby mode 

Greening Our Offices & Data Centers 

as soon as possible after technology use. 

Visa is committed to reducing the environmental impact 

In FY22, Visa’s data centers accounted for 66 percent of 

of our offices and data centers by focusing on green 

our total electricity consumption and remain an important 

building design and operation and managing energy and 

focus of our sustainable operations efforts. In 2022, we 

water use. Our approach includes obtaining the U.S. Green 

achieved year-over-year improvements in our data center 

Building Council’s Leadership in Energy and Environmental 

energy efficiency, measured by power usage effectiveness 

Design (LEED), BREEAM, Green Mark or equivalent 

(PUE). Globally, the PUE in our data centers has improved 

certifications for the design, construction and build-out of 

by 20 percent since 2017. 

our office facilities. We use green building standards and 

guidelines to increase resource use efficiency within our 

existing buildings. 

As of September 30, 2022, Visa owned or leased 145 office 

locations in 79 countries around the world, including three 

global processing centers. At the end of 2022, nearly  

80 percent of Visa’s owned or leased square footage  

achieved or was pending green building certification—  

up  from approximately 75 percent in 2021. 

Our improvements were driven in part by: 

•  Upgrading cooling infrastructure and updating servers. 

•  Piloting and evaluating innovations such as direct 

expansion, dry mode cooling and immersion cooling 

to improve our energy and/or water efficiency. 

•  Implementing adiabatic free cooling at our U.K. data 

center, which reduces the need for mechanical cooling 

to chill water during colder months, decreasing power 

demand to approximately one-fifth of what it would 

otherwise be on cold days. 

•  Using cold aisle containment at our U.K. data center 

to optimize air flow, which can improve air flow 

efficiency by up to 40 percent, reducing corresponding 

energy needs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
•  Replacing existing cooling infrastructure at our central 

certificates (RECs). Visa also continues to champion the 

In 2022, Visa's Bangalore office, our largest in Asia by square 

U.S. data center with two three-stage cooling towers 

that are expected to provide nearly a 30 percent 

reduction in annual electricity use associated with 

the cooling system. 

broader corporate renewable energy movement, including 

footage, began procuring electricity from renewable 

through our membership in RE100 and the Clean Energy 

sources, accounting for almost 70 percent of electricity 

Buyers Association. 

consumed and reducing the site's reliance on RECs. 

•  Deploying a 1MW modular data center unit at our 

In 2021, Visa signed a multi-year agreement with 

While we have achieved our stated renewable electricity 

central U.S. data center, part of a longer-term strategy 

for capacity additions at this location; the modular data 

center unit has a PUE of 1.19, significantly lower than 

Visa’s existing data centers. 

Renewable Electricity 

Visa continues to meet our goal (first announced in 

2018) of purchasing 100 percent renewable electricity 

for our offices and data centers through participation in 

power purchase agreements, utility renewable energy 

MP2 Energy (now Shell Energy Solutions) to provide 

goal, our multi-year approach remains focused on 

100 percent renewable electricity for Visa’s largest data 

identifying opportunities to increase additionality to the 

center—accounting for about 45 percent of our total 

grid through investments and/or enrollments in renewable 

global electricity usage—supporting renewable electricity 

electricity offerings, including through long-term renewable 

generation coming online from new solar projects.  

electricity purchase agreements, while reducing our 

The agreement, which includes the procurement of 

purchase of unbundled RECs. 

renewable electricity and renewable energy credits, 

deepens Visa’s commitment and investment in Virginia 

over the next seven years and directly supports the Virginia 

Travel & Events 

Clean Economy Act, which is expected to create nearly 

We continue to identify and implement steps to reduce 

programs and through the purchase of renewable energy 

30,000 new solar jobs in the Commonwealth by 2030. 

the environmental footprint of our employee commuting, 

VISA DATA CENTER POWER USAGE EFFECTIVENESS (PUE) — 2017-20221 

1.84

1.67

1.63

1.56

1.52

1.48

U.K.

U.S. – East

U.S. – Central

Global 
Weighted 
Average

2.5

2

1.5

1

.5

0

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

1.  The average PUE value represents a weighted average, based on the reported PUE metrics and total energy consumption at each of our data center locations. 

business travel and corporate events. 

Visa helps eligible employees reduce the emissions from 

their commutes, including through providing subsidies 

for public transit and bicycle commuting and access 

to electric vehicle chargers in select locations in North 

America. In 2022, we began developing a commuter survey 

to have a better understanding of how employees are 

commuting to and from work. 

To address emissions related to business travel, we focused 

on advancing the use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) in 

air travel by joining the United Airlines Eco-Skies Alliance 

in early FY22. Through the Alliance, we are reducing the 

carbon emissions from our business travel on the airline by 

helping to fund the green premium for SAF. This also aligns 

with Visa’s commitment as a signatory of Clean Skies for 

Tomorrow, a coalition of leaders in sustainable aviation. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  45 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees 

Suppliers 

Visa strives to inspire our employees around the world 

Visa believes in the importance of addressing the emissions  

to be sustainability champions and advocates in the 

from our purchased goods and services, which make up  

workplace, at home and in our communities. We do so 

over 90 percent of Visa’s scope 3 emissions as of the end  

throughout the year by offering tips and suggestions for 

of FY22. 

integrating sustainability into daily life through webinars, 

emails and videos. 

Our efforts to engage suppliers include: 

•  82 percent reported emissions reduction projects 

resulting in an estimated 6 million metric tons of annual 

CO2 savings. 

•  71 percent reported renewable energy use. 

•  75 percent reported initiatives to engage their 

own suppliers. 

In 2023, we plan to expand engagement through the 

Central to our efforts is our annual global Visa Earth 

Month series of events held each April. Our 2022 

campaign included: 

• Speaker series: which focused on topics including 

sustainable operations, mobility and sustainable major 

sports events. 

•  Incorporating environmental sustainability expectations 

CDP Supply Chain program to our top 500 suppliers, 

in the Visa Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code), 

representing approximately 85 percent of annual spend. 

which suppliers receive during the onboarding process. 

•  Participating in the CDP Supply Chain program, 

Our Results 

through which we engage our leading suppliers around 

measuring their emissions footprints, setting targets, 

reporting to the CDP and attributing their footprint back 

• Earth Month Eco-Challenges: enabling employees 

to Visa. 

to calculate their personal carbon footprints and make 

simple commitments to reduce their impact. 

Since joining the CDP Supply Chain program in 2019,  

Visa has expanded outreach to suppliers who represent  

• Employee Sustainable Living Survey: through which 

approximately 80 percent of Visa’s emissions as calculated  

we identified the aspirations, barriers and areas of most 

by spend.  

interest among our employees around greener living. 

Among Visa's suppliers who responded to our request  

We also offer an ongoing sustainability learning path within 

to participate in the 2022 CDP Supply Chain program:  

To measure and manage our environmental impact, 

beginning in 2008, Visa has conducted an annual global 

environmental footprint assessment with support from 

leading third-party firms. Each year, we measure our global 

energy and water use, waste production, landfill diversion 

and GHG emissions and we verify our GHG emissions 

through an independent third party to the limited 

assurance level. Visa’s 2022 GHG Verification Statement 

is publicly available on our website and included in the 

Appendix of this report. We use international standards, 

including the GHG Protocol, to measure and report 

Visa University, our training and development platform. 

We designed the learning path to provide employees a 

foundation in topics and solutions related to sustainability 

•  88 percent of suppliers reported their operational 

GHG emissions. 

emissions. 

and climate change. 

•  73 percent reported active targets, and 41 percent had 

validated near-term SBTi targets. 

89% reduction in scopes 1 & 2 

GHG emissions since FY18. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  46 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

Around the world, momentum continues to accelerate behind the need to take urgent 

action on climate change and transition to a low-carbon economy. Visa is responding by 

taking serious action to reduce our GHG emissions. 

100,000

94,500

As a result of the efforts described in the previous section, Visa was able to maintain carbon 

neutrality across our operations, which we achieved for the first time in 2020. Operational 

carbon neutrality includes the footprint from our scope 1, scope 2 and the employee 

commuting/business travel components of scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and is 

the result of ongoing energy efficiency initiatives, our transition to 100 percent renewable 

electricity and limited use of carbon offsets to cover our residual footprint. 

Our carbon offsets portfolio spans regions in which we operate and includes projects such 

as forest management in the U.S., reforestation in Uruguay, renewable energy generation 

in Turkey, China and India and clean cookstove initiatives in Kenya and Uganda. 

In FY22, we used approximately 747,000 gigajoules (GJ) of energy from electricity, natural 

gas and other fuels. 

Performance highlights include: 

• Energy intensity: While total energy use in FY22 increased compared to FY21 largely as a 

result of returning to pre-pandemic business operations, our energy intensity per square 

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

-20,000

-40,000

-60,000

0% 

-20% 

-40% 

-60% 

-80% 

-100% 

OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS (MTCO₂e ) 

78,700 79,500

76,500

80,600

84,200

69,100

64,300

63,400 60,100 59,800

Scope 1

Scope 2

Carbon oﬀsets

13,900

4,000 6,400

-19,154

-34,456

-46,100

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS RELATIVE TO 2009 (MTCO₂e) 

Absolute 
emissions 

MTCO₂e per 
square foot 

MTCO2e per 
employee 

MTCO2e per 
million dollar 
revenue 

foot has decreased by 9 percent compared to the pre-pandemic 2019. 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

• Emissions: Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, measured in absolute terms with a market-

based approach, were 6,400 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO₂e) in 2022, 

an 89 percent reduction relative to FY18. 

SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS (MTCO₂e) 

• Climate reporting and transparency: In 2022, Visa responded to the CDP Climate 

Change questionnaire for the 12th consecutive year and was named to the CDP A-List for 

the second time. Visa’s CDP response is available on the websites of Visa (Visa.com/esg) 

and CDP. 

600,000

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

100,000

0

527,700

Downstream leased assets

Employee commuting

409,200

403,900

Business travel

321,000

Waste generated in operations

Fuel- and energy-related activities

Purchased goods and services

2019

2020

2021

2022

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  47 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Water 

We believe in the importance of protecting water as a shared resource, particularly in water-

constrained areas. Although as a payments technology company Visa’s business is not 

water intensive, we do implement data-driven strategies to reduce the total water use at our 

offices and data centers. In particular, our data centers are some of our largest water users, 

and we are working to improve water efficiency and reduce use at these sites by doing 

the following: 

•  Utilizing reclaimed water at our eastern U.S. data center, our largest overall water user. 

This site received approximately 95 percent of its water in 2022 from a reclaimed water 

system, significantly reducing potable water withdrawal required at the site. 

•  Upgrading cooling towers at our central U.S. data center, Visa’s largest user of potable 

water. This initiative is expected to reduce annual water use by nearly 35 percent 

compared to the original system it is replacing. 

•  Introducing programs to reduce water use at our U.K. data center, such as utilizing a 

closed-loop water system that helps eliminate water waste and reduce overall demand. 

In 2022, we used an estimated 46,820,000 gallons of potable water in our global portfolio. 

In 2022, 41% of Visa’s total water usage 

came from reclaimed water. 

Performance highlights include: 

•  Water use per employee improved year-over-year from 2021, decreasing by about 

2 percent. 

•  By facility type, almost 70 percent of potable water use occurred in our offices, while 

over 30 percent occurred in our data centers, in which we use a significant amount 

of reclaimed water. 

•  In 2022, over 40 percent of Visa’s total water usage came from reclaimed water. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  48 

s
n
o

l
l

a
g
n
o

i
l
l
i

m

100

80

60

40

20

0

10% 

0%  

-10% 

-20% 

-30% 

-40% 

-50% 

-60% 

-70% 

-80% 

TOTAL WATER USAGE (MILLION GALLONS) 

94.4

87.6

18%

23%

89.6

90.1

25%

26%

82.6

28%

82.1

30%

Reclaimed

Potable

79.5

41%

71.6

46%

82%

77%

72%

75%

74%

70%

54%

59%

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

CHANGE IN POTABLE WATER USE RELATIVE TO 2015 

Gallons  

Gallons per 
square foot 

Gallons per 
employee 

Gallons per 
million dollar 
revenue 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Waste 

Sustainable Movement 

While not a major producer of solid waste, Visa continues to 

reduce the amount of office waste we dispose of in landfills 

Beyond our own operations, Visa continues to expand our 

each year. Visa works to reduce waste streams at our office 

initiatives toward becoming a climate positive company by 

facilities and data centers through thoughtful design of our 

supporting the global movement toward more sustainable 

spaces and kitchenettes, engaging with our food service 

commerce and consumption. Our approach includes the 

providers, reducing single-use items and plastics and by 

following areas of focus: 

engaging employees through education and awareness. 

In 2022, we achieved a landfill diversion rate of nearly 

research to understand barriers to and drivers of 

50 percent, or 45 kg of waste diverted from landfill per 

sustainable living behaviors and the role that payments 

employee.2 

can play. 

• Research & Insights: Supporting and/or conducting 

Performance highlights include: 

•  Collected more detailed waste information from 20 

of our largest office facilities, including around waste 

management procedures, waste-related trainings and 

waste stream availability. 

•  Avoided printing more than 3 million total pages in 

calendar year 2022 as part of the Visa Global Print Project 

in 2022, resulting in an estimated cost savings of more 

than $400,000. 

• Sustainable Behaviors: Supporting sustainable 

behaviors, such as in mobility and travel, on a 

global scale. 

• Consumer Engagement: Participating in consumer 

engagement initiatives to make sustainable living more 

attractive, rewarding and attainable. 

• Public Policy and Industry Engagement: Contributing 

to the public policy arena as well as major public / 

private sector convenings to advocate for sustainable 

commerce and climate action. 

WASTE BY DESTINATION 

Research & Insights 

49% 

Landﬁlled 

29% 

Composted 

19% 

Rec

ycled/Reused 

3%

Incinerated 

Visa’s approach to enabling the sustainable commerce 

and living movement begins with our efforts to help the 

broader payments and commerce ecosystem understand 

the barriers to and drivers of sustainable living behaviors— 

particularly among consumers—and the opportunities for 

digital payments to support a low-carbon economy. 

2. Diversion rate per employee is calculated based on the total amount of Visa’s operational waste that is diverted from the landfill and incineration facilities in the reporting year divided by the 
total number of employees. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  49 
2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report  |  49

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our 2022 highlights include: 

four roles that payment networks can play to bridge 

investigated the progress of 200 cities representing 

•  For the fourth year, Visa participated as a design partner 

the “opportunity gap” by enabling net zero solutions. 

5 percent of the world population across digital 

in GlobeScan’s Healthy and Sustainable Living Study, 

which focused on consumer attitudes, opinions and 

behaviors linked to healthier and more sustainable 

lifestyles across more than 30 markets. The 2022 study 

was conducted in spring 2022, with results published 

in fall 2022. 

Read the CISL report, Payments for Net Zero: How the 

infrastructure, living and health, transportation and 

payments industry can contribute to the transition to a 

other critical urban domains, as well as the level of 

net zero economy, to learn more. 

transformation each city believed it required to meet 

•  Visa conducted and disseminated additional research in 

select markets regarding the intersection of consumers, 

sustainable living and payments accounts. Results were 

future urban demands. Tools developed from the 

study are available on ThoughtLab's Building a Future-

Ready City microsite. 

•  Visa collaborated with the Cambridge Institute for 

shared with clients and partners to inform sustainable 

The Visa Economic Empowerment Institute thought 

Sustainability Leadership (CISL) to identify new 

payments offerings. 

opportunities for electronic payments and networks to 

•  Visa supported ThoughtLab on its worldwide 

support a sustainable future, with the results published 

in our early FY22. As a result of this work, CISL identified 

benchmarking study to analyze how cities are future-

proofing their urban environments. The study 

leadership agenda continues to include digital payments 

and sustainability, sustainable travel and tourism, 

sustainable urban mobility and sustainable e-commerce. 

Visa is working to bring digital 

payments to citizens’ door-to-door 

journeys to help reduce emissions 

and address climate change. 

202022 En

22 Envirvironmental, Social & Go

onmental, Social & Govvernanc

ernance Report

e Report  ||  5050 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable Behaviors 

To support the overall sustainable living movement, Visa 

also continues to work in areas where we believe we can 

help enable specific sustainable behaviors, such as the 

following examples: 

Transit 

expansion of the JustCharge network of community EV 

a regenerative way to buy, re-use and share goods and 

charging points. Visa served as the Headline Partner of 

services through activities like Resale, Repair, Rental, Refill, 

the global EV Summit 2022 for the second year running 

Return and Redistribute. 

to support a seamless EV charging experience. Visa 

also served as a Platinum sponsor of CS Week, a utility 

education conference, to partner with utilities on how 

EV charging is changing the way consumers use energy 

and the associated impact on their bills. 

As a strategic partner of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, a 

leading voice on the circular economy, Visa is a key enabler 

in the payments industry striving to help accelerate the 

transition towards a more regenerative economy. 

In CY22, we announced the Recommerce platform, which 

builds on our strategic partnership with the Ellen MacArthur 

Visa is working to bring digital payments to citizens’ 

door-to-door journeys to help reduce emissions and 

Sustainable Travel & Tourism 

address climate change. Visa has partnered with transit 

agencies to help launch more than 600 projects in cities 

worldwide to support sustainable mobility through 

contactless ticketing and fare payment solutions. 

Electric Vehicles 

We continue our global efforts to help advance sustainable 

Foundation, including new consumer research, a digital 

travel and tourism. In 2022, we continued our founding 

hub and a behavioral insights lab to focus on empowering 

partner role with Travalyst, a not-for-profit organization 

individuals to adopt more sustainable behaviors. 

founded by The Duke of Sussex together with Booking. 

com,  Skyscanner, Trip.com Group and Tripadvisor with 

a mission to change travel, for good. Visa also served  

Consumer Engagement 

Visa is supporting the global transition to electric vehicles 

as a member of the World Economic Forum (WEF) 

Visa believes that the transition to sustainable commerce 

by partnering with participants in the Electric Vehicle 

Global Agenda Council for Sustainable Tourism, and in 

Charging (EVC) ecosystem to remove friction and 

2022 contributed to the white paper How to Create the 

and sustainable behaviors requires participation in and 

support of consumer engagement initiatives. Select 

enhance the overall customer payment experience 

Sustainable Travel Products Customers Want, published 

examples of 2022 progress include: 

at charging stations. 

In 2022, we launched a consultation with charging point 

manufacturers and industry leaders in Europe to identify 

barriers and solutions to widespread acceptance of 

by WEF and Accenture. We also continued the “Visa 

for Athens” initiative— launched in 2021 to support the 

Municipality of Athens in actions related to the preservation 

and regeneration of the city. 

contactless and digital payments. Visa also joined CharIN, 

an international charging initiative working with all parts 

Recommerce 

of the e-mobility value chain, as the first payments 

community member. 

In May 2022, Visa launched a partnership with JustPark to 

boost EV adoption through rewarding use and supporting 

To accelerate the transition from a linear to circular 

economy, Visa is taking action to inspire individuals to 

rethink the way they shop. Visa defines Recommerce as 

•  Serving as the presenting sponsor once again 

of the Netflix Down to Earth with Zac Efron series, 

a travel-related streaming series that explores healthy, 

sustainable ways to live. Visa’s role also included 

contributing to the consumer engagement and impact 

platform associated with the series. 

•  Continuing to serve as a Founding Partner of and 

contributor to Brands for Good, an initiative of 

Sustainable Brands focused on building a movement 

among leading brands to make sustainable living more 

attractive, rewarding and attainable. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  51 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Policy & Industry Engagement 

Sustainable Solutions 

Data & Models 

At Visa, we believe in the importance of supporting public 

Visa has developed data and models designed to support 

policy dialogue and engagement as part of our approach 

Visa is supporting the broader sustainable commerce 

efforts to benchmark, segment and predict climate  

to sustainable commerce, decarbonization and net zero. 

and living movement through our expanded portfolio of 

positive customers for both payments and other products. 

In 2022, we: 

sustainability-focused products and solutions. We strive 

One such solution is Visa’s sustainability index, which is 

Visa delegates participated in panel discussions on 

Our approach includes the following focus areas: 

•  Participated in the U.N.-hosted COP26 (U.K.) and 

COP27 (Egypt) global climate convenings, spanning 

our fiscal and calendar year 2022. At these summits, 

sustainable innovation, sustainable tourism and 

corporate actions fighting climate change. 

•  Participated in Climate Week, an annual climate-focused 

convening hosted in conjunction with the United 

Nations General Assembly. 

•  Continued our participation in the sustainability and 

environmental-focused committees of our leading trade 

associations, including the Energy and Environment 

Coordinating Committee of the Business Roundtable, 

the Sustainable Finance Working Group of the Institute 

for International Finance and various working groups of 

the Information Technology Industry Council. 

•  Contributed to the programs and initiatives of other 

leading coalitions, including as a member of the World 

Business Council for Sustainable Development, a global, 

CEO-led organization of over 200 leading businesses 

working together to accelerate the transition to a 

sustainable world. 

to accelerate the transition to a low-carbon economy by 

enabling cardholders, merchants, financial institutions 

designed to approximate the CO2 emissions associated 
with every purchase. Combined with external sources on 

and governments to adopt more sustainable choices. 

carbon emissions of various sectors and products, this 

tool estimates the general carbon emissions intensity 

per purchase and helps individuals and businesses to 

better understand the impact of their transactions on 

the environment. 

• Advisory Practice: Our cross-functional practice 

supporting clients to navigate their current sustainability 

strategy, develop their roadmap and design the business 

case for embedding a planet-centric approach in their 

Product Solutions 

organizations and for their customers. 

• Data & Models: Helping clients adopt a data-driven 

approach to sustainability through internally developed 

solutions, effective segmentation, predictive behavior 

capability and reward insights. 

As a global payments network, we believe we can play 

an important role in helping consumers and businesses 

shift to more sustainable behaviors through our efforts to 

embed sustainable features in payment accounts. We are 

working to increase awareness, engagement and action 

• Product Solutions: Increasing sustainability awareness, 

for consumer and commercial card portfolios, including 

engagement and actions for consumer and commercial 

merchant businesses. Specific offerings and partnership-

card portfolios, including merchant business. 

powered solutions include: 

Advisory Practice 

Visa Eco Benefits Bundle 

Through the Visa Consulting & Analytics team, Visa 

offers sustainability advisory services to support issuers 

and merchants with their sustainability strategy and 

•  Supported the sustainable movement through Visa’s 

implementation. Services include helping clients develop 

role on the NYSE Sustainability Advisory Council, 

their sustainability vision and strategy, conducting current 

Sustainable Brands Advisory Council and the Adweek 

state assessments, value proposition development and 

Sustainability Council. 

shared value business case. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  52 

A package of sustainability-focused benefits for Visa 

account issuers, enabling their cardholders to understand 

the impact of their spending on the environment and 

encourage sustainable consumption and behaviors. 

Features include a carbon footprint calculator (via ecolytiq 

or Verrency) and personalized carbon offsetting education, 

all localized to specific countries and customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ecolytiq 

A software as a service product which is typically integrated into 

a mobile banking app that builds awareness and engagement 

with the customer to encourage more sustainable choices. 

The solution analyzes payment data to form a picture of an 

individual’s environmental footprint. The product is made up 

of three modules: 

•  ecoAware provides users with carbon tracking on purchases 

•  ecoEngage enables users to drive behavior change 

•  ecoAction provides offsetting and investment opportunities 

Cloverly 

A climate-action technology platform that streamlines access to 

verified, high-quality carbon credits worldwide. Cloverly is the 

infrastructure for products to become climate-positive through 

a scalable solution that enables businesses and consumers to 

take direct action toward climate change. Cloverly joined Visa’s 

Fintech Partner Connect program in CY22. 

Plan A 

A sustainability platform that empowers businesses to 

self-manage their entire net-zero journey in one central hub. 

The Software-as-a-Service solution automates emissions and 

ESG data collection and impact analysis, providing individual 

emissions profiles as well as granular insights in dynamic 

dashboard overviews. To enable businesses to reduce their 

operational and value chain emissions, the platform allows for 

science-based net-zero target-setting and decarbonization 

planning. Plan A joined Visa’s Fintech Partner Connect Program 

in CY22. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  53 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING RESPONSIBLY 

 
 
Corporate Governance 

Mr. Kelly assumed the role of Executive Chairman  

committees on which the director sits. The Board also 

effective February 1, 2023. The Board of Directors 

conducts an annual peer review, which is designed to 

appointed Mr. McInerney to the Board effective upon  

assess individual director performance. The Nominating 

Visa’s corporate governance practices help promote 

his transition to CEO. 

long-term value and strong Board and management 

accountability to our diverse set of stakeholders. Our Board 

of Directors oversees and monitors important governance 

issues, including risk management, board composition 

and refreshment, executive and Board compensation 

and ESG matters. 

We regularly monitor our corporate governance policies 

and practices to confirm we meet or exceed the 

requirements of applicable laws and the New York Stock 

Exchange's listing standards and that we are responsive 

to investors. Visa’s corporate governance framework, 

including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, 

exemplifies our commitment to these standards. 

Board Structure 

In late 2022, Visa announced the appointment of Ryan 

and Corporate Governance Committee, in conjunction 

with the Lead Independent Director, oversees the 

John Lundgren continues to serve as our Lead Independent  

Director. The Board periodically reviews the Board’s  

evaluation process. 

leadership structure and its appropriateness, given the  

Our current Board committees include Audit and Risk, 

needs of the Board and the Company at such time.   

Compensation, Finance and Nominating and Corporate 

In 2022, Visa welcomed two new independent directors   

Governance. All four Board committees are composed 

to the Board, Teri L. List and Kermit R. Crawford. 

solely of independent directors. Each committee operates 

As of February 1, 2023, Visa’s Board of Directors consists 

of 11 members of which nine are independent. 

Visa’s Corporate Governance Guidelines establish various 

limits on our directors serving on publicly traded company 

boards and audit committees. We limit our directors 

to serving on four publicly traded company boards 

(including Visa), or two for executive officers of publicly 

traded companies (including Visa). The Board may grant 

exceptions to established limits on a case-by-case basis. 

pursuant to a written charter, available on the Investor 

Relations page of our website. 

Board Education & Training 

In addition to regular meetings of the Board and 

its committees, in 2022 we offered several optional 

informational sessions for directors on key business 

topics. Visa also encourages directors to pursue ongoing 

educational opportunities, including programs that 

include ESG topics, and provides cost reimbursement 

McInerney as Visa’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), effective 

Our Board and each of its committees conducts an annual 

in accordance with our guidelines. 

February 1, 2023, succeeding Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., who had 

evaluation facilitated by an independent third party that 

served as the company’s CEO since 2016 and Chairman 

includes a qualitative assessment by each director of 

since 2019. 

the performance of the Board and the committee or 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  55 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Board Diversity 

There are three primary principles that guide our 

compensation program design and administration: 

Visa strives to reflect the diversity of our global key 

•  Pay for performance 

constituencies, including clients, customers, employees, 

•  Promote alignment with stakeholders’ interests 

business partners and stockholders, in the makeup of 

•  Attract, motivate and retain key talent 

our Board. To support this objective, the Nominating and 

Corporate Governance Committee considers women and 

candidates from underrepresented groups in the pool from 

which the Committee considers director candidates. As of 

February 1, 2023, Visa's overall board diversity (gender, race, 

ethnicity) is 64 percent, with gender diversity specifically at 

27 percent and race and ethnicity diversity at 36 percent. 

We tie a substantial portion of our NEOs’ target annual 

compensation to the achievement of pre-established 

financial and non-financial objectives that support our 

business strategy, with a mix that balances short- and long-

term performance goals. Further, our annual incentive plan 

incorporates ESG metrics that are tied to the Company’s 

strategic objectives. 

ESG-Linked Compensation 

Our FY22 annual incentive scorecard included, among 

other topics, goals related to sustainability, social impact, 

The compensation program for our named executive  

talent, technology, cybersecurity, risk and M&A integration. 

officers (NEOs) helps us attract and retain key talent and  

promote performance that enhances stockholder value  

and drives long-term strategic outcomes, including broader 

ESG efforts. 

The same scorecard was used for determining the annual 

funding for Visa’s broad-based employee bonus plan. 

Independence 

Tenure 

Diversity 

SNAPSHOT OF DIRECTORS1

Non-Independent 

2 

82% 

INDEPENDENT 

9 

>9 yrs 

3 

<4 yrs 

4.9 

YRS AVERAGE 

5 

3 

Women 

Non-white 

3 

27% 

GENDER 

8 

36%  4 

RACE AND 
ETHNICITY 

7 

Independent 

4-9 yrs 

Men 

White 

1.  As of February 1, 2023. 

202022 En

22 Envirvironmental, Social & Go

onmental, Social & Govvernanc

ernance Report

e Report  ||  5656 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ethics & Compliance  

Required trainings in FY22 included: 

interviews with industry leaders as well as daily challenges 

•  Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 

At Visa, we understand the importance of doing business 

•  Anti-Bribery 

the right way. It’s a key part of how we make the world 

better, together. We work to maintain the trust of our 

•  Anti-Trust and Competition Laws 

stakeholders through our culture of honesty and integrity 

•  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

by regularly reviewing our ethics and compliance program. 

•  Global Privacy 

Visa’s global Ethics and Compliance program provides 

•  Key Controls 

processes and controls to manage legal and regulatory 

•  Workplace Discrimination & Harassment 

risk, drive an ethical culture and empower the business 

to achieve Visa’s objectives legally and with integrity. 

The Office of the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, 

along with the business leadership, is responsible for 

Visa’s global ethics and compliance program. 

The Code includes a supplemental Code of Ethics for 

Certain Executives and Financial Officers, which requires 

senior officers to engage in honest and ethical conduct in 

performing their duties and provides guidelines for the 

ethical handling of conflicts of interest and reporting of 

Our commitment to ethics and compliance is captured 

unethical conduct. 

in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code), which 

applies to everyone working with or on behalf of Visa, 

including employees, contingent staff and the Board of 

Directors. Key updates to the Code in 2022 included adding 

sections on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion; Accessibility 

Additionally, the Visa Supplier Code of Conduct and 

Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement further 

explain our expectations and values to suppliers. 

For more, see Responsible Sourcing. 

and Accommodations; and Modern Slavery. All staff are 

We maintain a confidential compliance hotline, operated 

required to complete annual ethics and compliance 

by a third party, to allow anyone to share questions, 

training, which helps us to sharpen our knowledge and skills 

concerns or comments online or by phone, 24 hours a day, 

and make our actions and decisions reflect the Code. 

seven days a week. Additionally, our “Speak Up” culture 

In 2022, Visa once again achieved a 100 percent completion 

aims to empower employees to report misconduct. 

rate for all eligible Visa employees. In addition, in 2022, 

Our updated Global Ethical Manager Toolkit helps leaders 

Visa launched an interactive microsite with data analytic 

engage in team discussions related to ethics. 

capabilities, which allows employees to perform keyword 

searches and enhances navigability. 

Ethical behavior is an integral part of our culture at Visa. 

To emphasize this, in FY22, we held our Ethics in Action 

week, a full week of global activities for employees featuring 

a mixture of panels, podcasts, interactive virtual games and 

to engage employees. In addition, Visa’s Chief Ethics and 

Compliance Officer continued to host the “Doing the Right 

Thing” series, featuring personal conversations with Visa 

leaders on what ethics and integrity means to them and 

how the Visa Leadership Principles play out at work and in 

their lives. The purpose of these initiatives was to highlight 

Visa’s culture of ethical behavior and to allow all team 

members to take part in activities promoting these values. 

We continue to strengthen our approach to embed 

ethics and compliance into enterprise-wide management 

processes and business leader performance scorecards. 

Visa measures and monitors ethical behavior through the 

use of Regional Scorecard metrics that have direct impact 

on performance rating decisions and associated bonus 

of certain business leaders. Every quarter, our Regional 

Ethics and Compliance Leaders are to review the status 

of progress against agreed upon goals with the regional 

president and country managers, and report at year-end 

on achievement of those goals to the Visa CEO. 

In 2023, Visa was recognized 

by the Ethisphere Institute 

as one of the World’s Most 

Ethical Companies for the 

11th consecutive year. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  57 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Engaging with 
Governments 

Visa actively engages with governments, policymakers 

and other key stakeholders across the world to help shape 

the future of digital payments. Through our partnerships, 

we find opportunities to drive digital transformation and 

further enable access to financial services. 

Through Visa University, we provide training and outreach 

expenditures. In the U.S., we disclose contributions made 

programs to governments and policymakers around the 

by Visa’s Political Action Committee (PAC) in accordance 

world to allow us to foster the exchange of ideas on legal 

with the requirements of the Federal Election Commission. 

and economic aspects of digital financial services. Further, 

In 2023, Visa updated and published our global Political 

Visa engages in strategic partnerships with a wide range of 

Participation, Lobbying and Contributions Policy (Policy). 

local, national, international and multilateral organizations, 

The Policy aims to: 

universities, think tanks and other policy organizations 

to share perspectives and contribute to policy dialogue 

on the future of payments, small business enablement, 

• Promote ethical and transparent political engagement 

by Visa. 

sustainability and digital equity and inclusion, among other 

• Ensure that Visa’s political spending enhances 

Visa’s leadership, including participation in industry 

issues. For more on these engagements, please see the 

shareholder value. 

advocacy events and proactive engagements, enables our 

Empowering People, Communities and Economies and 

global government engagement team to showcase the 

the Protecting the Planet chapters of this report. 

progress Visa is making to advance more secure payment 

technologies and highlights the ongoing innovation in the 

payments ecosystem. 

Our approach is designed to help policymakers understand 

the payments industry, and underscores what Visa is 

doing, both locally and globally to accelerate the growth 

of electronic payments and promote digital equity 

and inclusion. 

Transparent Political Involvement 

Visa is committed to transparency around our political 

involvement. We publish an annual Visa Inc. Corporate 

Political Contributions Report, which includes a listing 

of all U.S. trade associations to which Visa pays annual 

membership dues that are $25,000 or more, and, if 

applicable, the portion of dues that were used for political 

• Facilitate Visa’s compliance with applicable laws and 

reporting requirements addressing political activity. 

• Align Visa’s government engagement activities in 

support of Visa’s corporate purpose to uplift everyone, 

everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. 

Visa once again earned "Trendsetter" status on the 2022 

CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and 

Accountability with a perfect score of 100. 

202022 En

22 Envirvironmental, Social & Go

onmental, Social & Govvernanc

ernance Report

e Report  ||  5858 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax Compliance 
& Governance 

Relationships are at the heart of Visa’s business. We know 

that trust must be continuously earned and are committed 

to being a transparent and reliable partner in business and 

in engagement with governments and the communities 

we serve. Visa operates globally and seeks to comply with 

applicable laws, regulations and requirements, including 

those related to tax, around the world. 

A global team of tax professionals, in close coordination 

with business units, manages tax affairs in every Visa 

region. Everyone working for, or on behalf of, Visa shares a 

responsibility to follow our Code of Business Conduct and 

Ethics and work with integrity. Visa has a zero-tolerance 

approach to tax evasion or the facilitation of tax evasion. 

At Visa, we seek to not only follow the letter of the law, 

When identifying new suppliers to work with Visa, we aim 

but also to adhere to the spirit of tax laws. Visa aims 

to partner with suppliers that meet our business needs, 

to adhere to our values, honors our commitments 

align with our purpose, help drive progress toward our 

and avoids activities that could adversely affect our 

diversity goals and share the same respect for human 

reputation. Under our policies, we make tax planning 

rights, including those principles recognized in international 

decisions throughout our global operations in a manner 

human rights standards such as the Universal Declaration 

that is consistent with Visa’s commercial business and 

of Human Rights. Suppliers’ approaches to human rights 

economic activities. 

Visa’s statement on tax compliance, governance and our 

effective income tax rate is available online at visa.com/esg 

under Operating Responsibly. 

Responsible Sourcing 

should be consistent with the UN Guiding Principles on 

Business and Human Rights. Suppliers are expected to 

comply with all applicable legal requirements related to 

human rights. 

In 2022, Visa continued to engage prospective and existing 

suppliers to understand their current integration of various 

ESG topics and plans to improve. We include responsible 

sourcing questions regarding environmental, diversity, 

accessibility and social responsibility criteria in requests for 

Beyond Visa operations, our commitment to operate 

proposals, information and quotations. We then evaluate 

responsibly and sustainably extends to our suppliers and 

these criteria as part of the supplier selection process. 

Tax oversight resides with the executive management 

business partners. In 2022, we continued to implement 

Additionally, in 2022, we hosted our second annual ESG 

team, including relevant oversight committees, and 

the Visa Supplier Code of Conduct and plan to refresh 

supplier summit in Europe to further the conversation 

ultimately the Board of Directors. The Senior Vice President, 

the Supplier Code in 2023. All Visa suppliers receive the 

around supply chain best practices. 

Global Tax is responsible for the global management of tax 

Supplier Code as part of the onboarding process. The 

risks, and provides updates directly to the Chief Financial 

Supplier Code is also publicly available on Visa’s website. 

To complement these efforts, we continue to partner with 

EcoVadis, a leading supply chain-focused ESG ratings 

Officer and also at least annually to the Audit and Risk 

Committee of the Board of Directors regarding corporate 

tax strategy, risks to our business and effective tax rate.  

The Global Tax Leadership Team reports to the Senior Vice 

President, Global Tax and is responsible for implementing 

tax strategy in every region. 

Our global Supplier Code outlines our expectations in 

organization, to collect data and measure the ESG impact 

areas including human rights, employment practices, 

in our supply chain. 

environmental impact, supplier diversity, conflicts of interest 

and other aspects of responsible business. We reference 

the Supplier Code in our global governing agreements with 

suppliers and in our Global Sourcing Policy. 

In 2022, Visa increased its expectations for suppliers 

in Europe by setting a goal that Visa suppliers should 

have a management system in place that covers the 

recommended EcoVadis key performance indicators 

related to modern slavery. If a supplier does not meet 

these expectations, remediation plans are required. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  59 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Visa has also expanded its engagement with our top 

on a quarterly basis, identifying progress and opportunities 

In support of Visa’s growing presence in Atlanta, in 

suppliers around climate change and other environmental 

for continuous improvement. In FY22, we exceeded our 

2022 we partnered with the Georgia Minority Supplier 

issues through membership in the CDP Supply Chain 

goals, including: 

initiative. For more, please refer to the Protecting the Planet 

chapter of this report. 

• Requesting diverse account teams for preferred 

suppliers and partners. 

Development Council to conduct a summit focused on 

opportunities for small and diverse businesses to become 

supply chain partners and highlight Visa’s commitment 

to supplier diversity. The event included discussions 

Supplier Diversity2 

•

Increasing the number of diverse suppliers in our 

with Visa employees on potential business projects and 

network, and thereby increasing Visa spend with 

opportunities, as well as panels and speakers to engage 

Expanding engagement with diverse suppliers is a 

these suppliers. 

the local business community. 

business activity that can add value to our brand, provide 

• Requiring diverse sourcing options for spend 

a competitive advantage and reflect our customer base. 

across RFPs. 

Also in 2022, Visa continued to expand our Supplier 

Diversity programs outside of North America, designing 

We strive to add inclusion and diversity provisions in new 

sourcing agreements in North America operations and 

commit to working with qualified suppliers who fully meet 

the criteria established in our Supplier Diversity Program. 

We encourage our prime non-diverse suppliers to 

and developing reporting criteria and qualifications based 

establish relationships with, and commit a percentage 

on data availability. The expansion focused on small and 

of expenditures to, diverse suppliers. Prime suppliers 

micro businesses owned by historically underrepresented 

participating in our Second-Tier Initiative report 

individuals. For example, an area of focus in South Africa 

Visa partners with a third-party supplier to provide 

information and data on their use of small and 

was on women and the Broad Based Black Economic 

up-to-date information on supplier diversity certifications 

diverse suppliers. 

Empowerment program. 

for our suppliers, helping us to report more accurately with 

independently validated data. 

Visa invests in tools and memberships with diverse 

supplier advocacy and certification organizations, including 

As part of Visa’s Stand Together Initiative, we enhanced our 

the National Minority Supplier Development Council, 

Supplier Diversity Program for the U.S. in 2022 and set goals 

Women’s Business Enterprise National Council, National 

to increase spend with Tier 1 and Tier 2 diverse suppliers 

Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, Financial Services 

and provide diverse sourcing options for 100 percent 

Roundtable for Supplier Diversity, Women's Business 

of requests for proposals. Our progress on the preceding 

Enterprise Council West and the Western Regional Minority 

goals is reported internally to Visa executive management 

Supplier Development Council. 

2. For information on how Visa defines diverse suppliers, please refer to  Supplier Diversity | Visa. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  60 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights  

We seek to respect and, where possible, promote human 

rights across our company, operations and supply chain, 

including standards identified in the Universal Declaration 

of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization 

Declaration on the Fundamental Principles and Rights 

at Work. Visa’s approach to respecting human rights is 

informed by the United Nations Guiding Principles on 

Business and Human Rights (U.N. Guiding Principles). 

Employer 

We acknowledge and respect the human rights of each 

employee. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

outlines our employee protections and freedoms, 

including: privacy, expression, association and maintaining 

a workplace safe from retaliation. Policies contributing 

to the respect of human rights of our employees include: 

Harassment and Discrimination Policy, Safety, Health 

and Environmental Policy, Whistleblower Policy and 

Non-Retaliation Policy. See Investing in Our People 

for more information. 

Our approach is led by the Chief Sustainability Officer in 

coordination with a cross-functional working group which 

Purchaser 

oversees our overall approach, including risk identification, 

We acknowledge and respect the human rights of 

mitigation and due diligence strategy. 

workers in our supply chain. Our Supplier Code outlines 

Centre for Sport 
& Human Rights 

As a sponsor of major sports bodies and events, Visa 

remains a proud founding supporter and Advisory 

Council member of the Centre for Sport and Human 

Rights (CSHR). 

Launched in 2018, CSHR announced a strategic 

plan for the period 2021-2025. CSHR’s approach is 

rooted in engaging the sports ecosystem to promote 

international standards, including the U.N. Guiding 

Principles on Business and Human Rights. CSHR 

promotes a shared commitment to the Sporting 

Our progress is shared with members of the Visa executive 

team and Board of Directors on a regular basis. The Board’s 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is 

responsible for providing human rights oversight as part 

of its overarching ESG responsibility, as detailed in the 

Committee’s Charter. 

our expectations for suppliers including safe working 

Chance Principles and works to raise awareness, build 

conditions and respect of human rights. Each year, Visa 

capacity and create lasting value in the world of sport. 

publishes a Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement, 

which is approved by our Board of Directors. In Europe, 

we are piloting a monitoring effort in partnership with 

EcoVadis to verify that suppliers meet modern slavery-

related requirements. See Responsible Sourcing for 

. 

We completed our most recent triennial human rights 

more information. 

impact assessment in 2020. The human rights impact 

assessment is a global effort across Visa operations, 

E-Payments Enabler 

conducted in accordance with the U.N. Guiding Principles. 

As financial crimes can support and contribute to human 

Through the assessment, we seek to identify and review 

rights abuses such as human trafficking, we are committed 

salient human rights risks resulting from our operations, 

to preventing illegal activities on our network. See 

network, supply chain, partnerships and sponsorships. Our  

Transaction Integrity for more information. 

next human rights impact assessment is planned for 2023. 

The assessment informs our global human rights strategy, 

which focuses on mitigating risks emanating from Visa’s 

role as a/an: 

Business Partner and Sponsor 

We incorporate respect for human rights into the 

expectations of and engagement with our partnerships 

and sponsorships, including issues at the intersection of 

sport and human rights. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  61 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
APPENDIX 

 
 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Verification Statement  

Page 2 

Page 3 

VERIFICATION OPINION DECLARATION  
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS  

To: The Stakeholders of Visa, Inc. 

Apex  Companies,  LLC  (Apex)  was  engaged  to  conduct  an  independent  verification  of  the  greenhouse  gas  (GHG) 
emissions reported by Visa, Inc. (Visa) for the period stated below. This verification declaration applies to the related 
information included within the scope of work described below. 

The determination of the GHG emissions is the sole responsibility of Visa. Visa is responsible for the preparation and 
fair  presentation  of  the  GHG  statement  in  accordance  with  the  criteria.  Apex’s  sole  responsibility  was  to  provide 
independent  verification  on  the  accuracy  of  the  GHG  emissions  reported,  and  on  the  underlying  systems  and 
processes used to collect, analyze and review the information. Apex is responsible for expressing an opinion on the 
GHG statement based on the verification. Verification activities applied in a limited level of assurance verification are 
less extensive in nature, timing and extent than in a reasonable level of assurance verification. 

Boundaries of the reporting company GHG emissions covered by the verification: 

 Operational Control  

 Worldwide 

Types of GHGs: CO2, N2O, CH4, HFCs, PFCs  

GHG Emissions Statement:  

   Scope 1:  6,410 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

   Scope 2 (Location-Based): 60,919 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

   Scope 2 (Market-Based): 0 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

   Scope 3:    

Purchased Goods & Services: 369,170 metric tons of CO2 equivalent 

Capital Goods: 0 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities: 6,083 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

Waste Generated in Operations:1,003 metric tons of CO2 equivalent 

Business Travel: 12,792 metric tons of CO2  equivalent   

Employee Commuting: 14,891 metric tons of CO2 equivalent   

Data and information supporting the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions statement were historical in nature. 

Data and information supporting the Scope 3 GHG emissions statement were in some cases estimated rather 
than historical in nature.  

Period covered by GHG emissions verification: 

 October 1, 2021 to September 30, 2022 

Criteria against which verification conducted: 

 World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 1 and 2) 

 WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting 

Standard (Scope 3) 

Reference Standard: 

 

ISO 14064-3: Greenhouse gases -- Part 3: Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of 
greenhouse gas statements 

Level of Assurance and Qualifications:  



 

Limited

This verification used a materiality threshold of ±5% for aggregate errors in sampled data for each of the 
above indicators. 

GHG Verification Methodology: 

Evidence-gathering procedures included but were not limited to:  

  

Interviews with relevant personnel of Visa;  

  Review of documentary evidence produced by Visa;  

   Review  of  Visa  data  and  information  systems  and  methodology  for  collection,  aggregation,  analysis  and  

review of information used to determine GHG emissions; and 

   Audit of sample of data used by Visa to determine GHG emissions.   

Verification Opinion: 

Based on the process and procedures conducted, there is no evidence that the GHG emissions statement shown 
above: 





is not materially correct and is not a fair representation of the GHG emissions data and information; and 

has not been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (Scope 1 and 2), and WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3). 

It is our opinion that VISA has established appropriate systems for the collection, aggregation and analysis of 
quantitative data for determination of these GHG emissions for the stated period and boundaries. 

Statement of independence, impartiality and competence 

Apex is an independent professional services company that specializes in Health, Safety, Social and Environmental 
management services including assurance with over 30 years history in providing these services.  

No  member  of  the  verification  team  has  a  business  relationship  with  Visa,  its  Directors  or  Managers  beyond  that 
required of this assignment.  We conducted this verification independently and to our knowledge there has been no 
conflict of interest. 

Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among staff in their 
day-to-day business activities. 

The  verification  team  has  extensive  experience  in  conducting  assurance  over  environmental,  social,  ethical  and 
health and safety information, systems and processes, has over 20 years combined experience in this  field and an 
excellent understanding of Apex’s standard methodology for the verification of greenhouse gas emissions data. 

Attestation:  

Trevor Donaghu, Lead Verifier 

Mary E. Armstrong-Friberg, Technical Reviewer  

Program Manager

Apex Companies, LLC

Pleasant Hill, CA  

February 10, 2023  

Senior Project Manager

Apex Companies, LLC 

Cleveland, Ohio   

This verification statement, including the opinion expressed herein, is provided to Visa and is solely for the benefit of Visa in 
accordance with the terms of our agreement. We consent to the release of this statement by you to CDP in order to satisfy the terms 
of CDP disclosure requirements but without accepting or assuming any responsibility or liability on our part to CDP or to any other 
party who may have access to this statement. 

WATER RESOURCES  •  ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES  •  INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE  •  SAFETY  •  CLIMATE CHANGE 

Apex Companies, LLC  •  (800) 733-2739  •  www.apexcos.com 

WATER RESOURCES  •  ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES  •  INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE  •  SAFETY  •  CLIMATE CHANGE 

WATER RESOURCES

  • 

ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES

  • 

INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE

  • 

SAFETY

  • 

CLIMATE CHANGE 

Apex Companies, LLC  •  (800) 733-2739  •  www.apexcos.com 

Apex Companies, LLC  •  (800) 733-2739  •  www.apexcos.com 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  63 

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index 

Visa publicly discloses climate-related information in alignment with TCFD recommendations through our annual Form 10-K, Visa ESG Report, CDP Climate Change 
response and other corporate disclosures. 

TCFD Core Element 

TCFD Disclosure Requirement (Short) 

TCFD Disclosure Requirement (Complete) 

Disclosure 

Governance 

Strategy 

Degree of board oversight

(a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. 

2023 Proxy Statement (pp. 18, 92) 

2022 CDP C1.1a, C1.1b 

Management's role 

(b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks 
and opportunities. 

2022 CDP C1.2a 

Climate-related risks and opportunities 

(a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium and long term. 

2022 Annual Report (pp. 26-28) 

2022 CDP C2.1a, C2.2a, C2.3b, C2.4b 

Impacts of risks and opportunities

(b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. 

2022 CDP C3.1, C3.3, C3.4 

Resilience of the organization's strategy 

(c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration 
different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C-or-lower scenario. 

2022 CDP C3.2a, C3.2b 

Climate risk identification process 

(a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks. 

2022 CDP C2.1a, C2.2, C2.2a 

Risk Management 

Climate risk management process 

(b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. 

2022 CDP C2.2 

Integration with other risk management 
processes 

(c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-
related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. 

2022 CDP C2.2 

Identify risk-assessment metrics 

(a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks 
and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk-management process. 

Metrics & Targets 

Identify GHG emissions

(b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions, and the related risks. 

Identify targets and risk metrics 

(c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks 
and opportunities and performance against targets.

Protecting the Planet 

ESG Data Table 

2022 Green Bond Report (pp. 4, 8) 

2022 CDP C4.3b, C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C8.2h 

Protecting the Planet 

ESG Data Table 

2022 CDP C6.1, C6.3, C6.5 

2022 Annual Report (p. 8) 

2023 Proxy Statement (pp. 19, 56) 

Protecting the Planet 

2022 Green Bond Report (p. 2) 

SBTi 'Companies Taking Action' website 

2022 CDP C4.1a, C4.2c 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  64 

 
 
ESG Framework Map 

We map relevant disclosures to help stakeholders assess our performance. Visa has reported in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards for the period October 1, 2021 
through September 30, 2022. Elements of the following GRI, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and World Economic Forum (WEF) metrics may be partially disclosed 
and omissions are explained, where applicable. 

General Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 
Code 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

The Organization and its Reporting Practices 

GRI 2 General  
Disclosures 2021 

2-1

Organizational 
details 

2-2

2-3

2-4 

2-5 

Entities included in 
the organization’s 
sustainability  
reporting  

Reporting period, 
frequency and 
contact point 

Restatements  
of information 

External  
assurance 

GRI 2 General 
Disclosures 2021 

2-6 

Activities, 
value chain and 
other business 
relationships 

Activities and Workers 

2-7 

Employees 

SASB TC-SI-330a.3 

Percentage of gender and racial/ 
ethnic group representation for 
(1) management, (2) technical 
staff, and (3) all other employees 

Diversity and 
inclusion (%) 

2-8 

Workers who are 
not employees 

Corporate Profile, page 7; 2022 Annual Report: Item 2 Properties, 
page 32 

Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) is a publicly held corporation organized and 
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, headquartered  
in San Francisco, CA. 

2022 Annual Report: Table of Contents, page 2 

Visa Inc. 

The reporting period for Visa's annual ESG and financial reporting  
is October 1, 2021—September 30, 2022. 

Visa's 2021 ESG Report was published in September, 2022. 

Please direct questions on this report or topics related to our 
corporate responsibility disclosures to sustainability@visa.com. 

Environmental data have been restated where applicable due  
to new data management practices to improve consistency. 

We seek to assure report content through an internal review process,  
including CEO and senior executive oversight of subject matter  
reviews and validation.  

We also work with a third party to assure the following data: scope 1,  
scope 2 and select scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Please see the  
2022 GHG Emissions Verification Statement, page 2 for a description  
of assurance standards used, level of assurance obtained and any  
limitations of the assurance process, as well as a description of the  
relationship between Visa and the assurance provider.  

Operating Responsibly, page 54; Corporate Profile, page 7; 2022 
Annual Report: Business, pages 4-17 

Visa is active in the Software IT Services sector as defined by the 
Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS). 

ESG Data Table, page 76; 2023 Proxy Statement, page 9 

Visa USA Inc. annually publishes an Employer Information Report 
(EEO-1 Report). The most recently available certified EEO-1,  
for CY 2021, was posted on May 24, 2022. 

Visa does not report information related to workers who are 
not employees. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  65 

 
 
 
 
 
General Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 
Code 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

GRI 2 General  
Disclosures 2021 

2-9

2-10

2-11

2-12

2-13

2-14

2-15 

2-16

2-17

2-18

Governance 
structure and 
composition 

Nomination 
and selection 
of the highest 
governance body 

Chair of 
the highest 
governance body 

Role of the 
highest 
governance body 
in overseeing the 
management of 
impacts 

Delegation of 
responsibility 
for managing 
impacts 

Role of the 
highest 
governance body 
in sustainability 
reporting 

Conflicts of 
interest 

Communication 
of critical 
concerns 

Collective 
knowledge of 
the highest 
governance body 

Evaluation of the 
performance 
of the highest 
governance body 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  66 

Governance 

Governance body 
composition 

Corporate Governance, page 55; 2023 Proxy Statement: 
Corporate Governance, pages 10-18 and Committees of the 
Board of Directors, pages 21-26 

2023 Proxy Statement: Process for Nomination of Director 
Candidates, page 27 

Board Structure, page 55 

Our Environmental, Social and Governance Approach, page 8;  
2023 Proxy Statement: The Board of Directors’ Role in Risk 
Oversight, page 14 

Our Environmental, Social and Governance Approach, page 8 

2023 Proxy Statement: Integrated Approach, page 18 

Visa Inc. Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Visa Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, pages 11-13 and  
2023 Proxy Statement: Communicating with the Board of 
Directors, page 16 

2023 Proxy Statement: Summary of Director Qualifications and 
Experience and Director Nominee Biographies, pages 35-40 

2023 Proxy Statement: Board of Director and Committee 
Evaluations, page 11 

 
 
General Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 
Code 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Governance (Cont.) 

GRI 2 General  
Disclosures 2021 

2-19 

2-20

2-21

Remuneration 
policies 

Process to 
determine 
remuneration 

Annual total 
compensation 
ratio 

GRI 2 General 
Disclosures 2021 

2-22 

2-23 

2-24 

2-25 

2-26 

2-27 

Statement on 
sustainable 
development 
strategy 

Policy 
commitments 

Embedding 
policy 
commitments 

Processes to 
remediate 
negative 

impacts 

Mechanisms for 
seeking advice 
and raising 
concerns 

Compliance 
with laws and 
regulations 

2023 Proxy Statement: Compensation of Non-Employee 
Directors, pages 29-33 and Executive Compensation, pages 
68-84 

2023 Proxy Statement: Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 
pages 45-67 

Wage level (%) 

2023 Proxy Statement: CEO Pay Ratio, page 85 

For our last completed fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, 
the ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO to the 
median of the annual total compensation of our employees, 
excluding our CEO, is 184:1. 

Strategy, Policies and Practices 

Setting purpose 

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer, page 1 

Visa Modern Slavery Transparency Statement, Visa Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics and Visa Supplier Code of Conduct 

Operating Responsibly, page 54;  
Human Rights, page 61 

Visa Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, pages 11-13 and 2023 
Proxy Statement: Communicating with the Board of Directors, 
page 16 

Protected ethics 
advice and reporting 
mechanisms 

Ethics & Compliance, page 57 

Visa’s Confidential Compliance Hotline, operated by a third 
party, is available in multiple languages, and online or by phone, 
24 hours a day, seven days a week. 

2022 Annual Report: Note 20—Legal Matters, pages 105-112 

2-28 

Membership 
associations 

Relevant Memberships, page 9 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  67 

 
 
 
General Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 2 General  
Disclosures 2021 

GRI 
Code 

2-29

2-30

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Approach to 
stakeholder 
engagement 

Collective 
bargaining 
agreements 

Stakeholder Engagement, page 8; Our Company, page 6 

Visa does not report the percentage total of employees covered 
by collective bargaining agreements. 

TC-SI-550a.2

Description of business 
continuity risks related to 
disruptions of operations 

Integrating risk and 
opportunity into 
business process 

2022 Annual Report: Risk Factors, pages 17-31 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-1 

3-2 

Process to 
determine 
material topics 

List of material 
topics 

Material Topics 

Material issues 
impacting 
stakeholders 

Material issues 
impacting 
stakeholders 

Our Environmental, Social and Governance Approach, page 8 

2023 Proxy Statement, page 19 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  68 

 
 
Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 
Code 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Employee Wellbeing, Employee Safety & Security 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

GRI 403: 
Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018 

403-3 

Occupational 
health services 

403-5  Worker training 
on occupational 
health and safety 

403-6 

Promotion of 
worker health 

403-7 

Prevention and 
mitigation of 
occupational 
health and 
safety impacts 
directly linked 
by business 
relationships 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

GRI 404: Training 
and Education 2016 

404-3 

Percentage 
of employees 
receiving regular 
performance 
and career 
development 
reviews 

Employee Wellbeing, page 40;   
Employee Safety & Security, page 40 

Employee Safety & Security, page 40 

Employee Safety & Security, page 40 

Health and 
safety (%) 

Employee Wellbeing, page 40; 
Employee Safety & Security, page 40 

Employee Wellbeing, page 40;  
Employee Safety & Security, page 40 

Employee Engagement 

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning, page 36;  
Employee Engagement, page 38 

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning, page 36 

TC-SI-330a.2 

Employee engagement as a 
percentage 

Employee Engagement, page 38 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  69 

 
 
 
 
 
Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 404: Training 
and Education 2016 

GRI 
Code 

3-3 

405-1 

405-2 

3-3 

404-1 

404-2 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 401: 
Employment 2016 

3-3 

401-2 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Inclusion & Diversity 

Inclusion & Diversity, page 31 

TC-SI-330a.3 

Percentage of gender and racial/ 
ethnic group representation for 
(1) management, (2) technical 
staff, and (3) all other employees 

Diversity and 
inclusion (%) 

Inclusion & Diversity, page 31;  
Snapshot of Directors, page 56 

Visa USA Inc. annually publishes an Employer Information 
Report (EEO-1 Report). 

Pay equality (%) 

Pay Equity, page 35 

At Visa, men and women earn the same pay for the same work 
globally, and the same is true for historically underrepresented 
employees and their white peers in the U.S. 

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning 

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning, page 36 

Training provided (#)  ESG Data Tables, page 76 

In 2022 on average, Visa employees participated in 17 hours of 
training. 

Employee Talent, Growth & Learning, page 36 

Visa Total Rewards 

Visa Total Rewards, page 39 

Visa Total Rewards, page 39 

Management of 
material topics 

Diversity of 
governance 
bodies and 
employees 

Ratio of basic 
salary and 
remuneration of 
women to men 

Management of 
material topics 

Average hours of 
training per year 
per employee 

Programs for 
upgrading 
employee skills 
and transition 
assistance 
programs 

Management of 
material topics 

Benefits 
provided 
to full-time 
employees that 
are not provided 
to temporary 
or part-time 
employees 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  70 

 
 
GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Empowering Small & Micro Businesses, Empowering People 

Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 203: Indirect 
Economic Impacts 
2016 

GRI 
Code 

3-3 

203-2 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 413: Local 
Communities 2016 

3-3 

413-1 

Management of 
material topics 

Significant 
indirect 
economic 
impacts 

Management of 
material topics 

Operations with 
local community 
engagement, 
impact 
assessments, and 
development 
programs 

Empowering Communities 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

Payments Security, Transaction Integrity 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

FN-CF-230a.3 

Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing data 
security risks 

Cybersecurity 

TC-SI-230a.2 

Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing data 
security risks, including use 
of third-party cybersecurity 
standards 

Empowering Small & Micro Businesses, page 11;  
Empowering People, page 14 

Empowering Small & Micro Businesses, page 11;  
Empowering People, page 14;  
Sustainable Movement, page 49 

Empowering Communities, page 18 

Empowering Communities, page 18 

Payments Security, page 23;  
Transaction Integrity, page 29 

Payments Security, page 23 

Cybersecurity, page 24 

Cybersecurity, page 24 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  71 

 
 
GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Data Privacy, Responsible Data Use 

Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 418: Customer 
Privacy 2016 

GRI 
Code 

3-3 

418-1 

Management of 
material topics 

Substantiated 
complaints 
concerning 
breaches of 
customer privacy 
and losses of 
customer data 

TC-SI-220a.1 

Description of policies and 
practices relating to behavioral 
advertising and user privacy, 
Number of users whose 
information is used for secondary 
purposes 

Sustainable Operations 

TC-SI-130a.1 

(1) Total energy consumed (GJ) 

(2) Percentage grid electricity 

(3) Percentage renewable

TC-SI-130a.1 

(1) Total energy consumed (GJ) 

(2) Percentage grid electricity 

(3) Percentage renewable 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

GRI 302: Energy 2016 

302-1

302-2

302-4

Energy 
consumption 
within the 
organization 

Energy 
consumption 
outside of the 
organization 

Reduction 
of energy 
consumption 

Data Privacy, page 27;   
Responsible Data Use, page 26  

A material breach of Visa’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
would be disclosed in accordance with SEC rules. Visa does  
not disclose non-material breaches of our Code of Business  
Conduct and Ethics. 

Responsible Data Use, page 26 

Protecting the Planet, page 42 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional 
energy and emissions information. 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47 

GRI 303: Water and 
Effluents 2018 

303-3  Water withdrawal 

TC-SI-130a.2 

(1) Total water withdrawn 

(2) Total water consumed, 
percentage of each in regions 
with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress 

Water consumption 
and withdrawal in 
water-stressed areas 

Water, page 48;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76  

Water withdrawal data is collected directly from facilities  
that Visa operates (owned or leased) as part of the annual  
environmental inventory process. Visa then determines areas of  
high or extremely high water stress using WRI’s Aqueduct Water  
Risk Atlas. 41 percent of Visa's water use occurs in an area of high  
or extremely high baseline water stress. This metric does not  
include the reclaimed water that is used at Visa’s data center  
in the Eastern U.S.  

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  72 

 
 
 
 
 
Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 
Code 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

GRI 305: Emissions 
2016 

305-1 

Direct (Scope 1) 
GHG emissions 

GHG emissions 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Sustainable Operations (Cont.) 

305-2 

Energy indirect 
(Scope 2) GHG 
emissions 

305-3 

Other indirect 
(Scope 3) GHG 
emissions 

305-4 

GHG emissions 
intensity 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional energy 
and emissions information. 

GHG emissions 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional energy 
and emissions information. 

GHG emissions 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional energy 
and emissions information. 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional energy 
and emissions information. 

305-5 

Reduction of 
GHG emissions 

GHG emissions 

Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions, page 47;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

GRI 306: Waste 2020 

306-3  Waste generated 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 203: Indirect 
Economic Impacts 
2016 

3-3 

203-2 

Management of 
material topics 

Significant 
indirect 
economic 
impacts 

SASB TC-SI-130a.3 

Discussion of the integration of 
environmental considerations 
into strategic planning for data 
center needs 

Sustainable Solutions, Sustainable Movement 

Visa annually responds to the CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire. See Visa's CDP responses for additional energy 
and emissions information. 

Waste, page 49;  
ESG Data Tables, page 76 

Greening our Offices & Data Centers, page 44 

Sustainable Solutions, page 52;  
Sustainable Movement, page 49 

Empowering Small & Micro Businesses, page 11;  
Sustainable Movement, page 49 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  73 

 
 
Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 205: Anti-
Corruption 2016 

GRI 206: Anti-
Competitive 
Behavior 2016 

GRI 
Code 

3-3 

405-1 

3-3 

205-1 

205-2 

206-1 

GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Corporate Governance 

Ethics & Compliance 

Corporate Governance, page 55 

Inclusion & Diversity, page 31;  
Snapshot of Directors, page 56 

Ethics & Compliance, page 57 

Ethics & Compliance, page 57 

Anti-corruption 

Ethics & Compliance, page 57 

TC-SI-520a.1 

Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anticompetitive 
behavior regulations 

2022 Annual Report: Legal and Regulatory Matters, page 48, and 
Note 20—Legal Matters, pages 105-112 

Management of 
material topics 

Diversity of 
governance 
bodies and 
employees 

Management of 
material topics 

Operations 
assessed for 
risks related to 
corruption 

Communication 
and training 
about anti-
corruption 
policies and 
procedures 

Legal actions for 
anti-competitive 
behavior, 
anti-trust, and 
monopoly 
practices 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

3-3 

Management of 
material topics 

GRI 207: Tax 2019 

207-1 

Approach to tax 

Engaging with Governments, page 58;  
Tax Compliance & Governance page 59 

Total tax paid 

Tax Compliance & Governance page 59;  
2022 Annual Report, pages 36-38, page 43 and pages 48-49 

Engaging with Governments, Tax Compliance & Governance 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  74 

 
 
GRI Disclosure 

SASB Code 

SASB Disclosure 

WEF Core Metric 

Location or Direct Response 

Topic-Specific Disclosures 

GRI Standard 

GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 

GRI 308: Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 2016 

GRI 
Code 

3-3 

308-1 

GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016 

201-1 

Direct economic 
value generated 
and distributed 

Management of 
material topics 

New suppliers 
that were 
screened using 
environmental 
criteria 

Responsible Sourcing 

Other Disclosures 

Responsible Sourcing, page 59 

Visa does not report the number of new suppliers 
screened using environmental criteria. 

Economic 
contribution 

Corporate Profile, page 7 

2022 Annual Report: Year-End Financial Highlights, 
page 2 and Management's Discussion of Financial 
Condition, page 34 

Financial investment 
contribution 

2022 Annual Report: Fiscal Year 2022 Key Statistics, 
page 5 and Liquidity and Capital Resources, pages 
43-47 

Total R&D 
expenses ($) 

Visa does not report total costs related to research 
and development. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  75 

 
 
 
ESG Data Table  

Workforce Demographics1 

Description 

Total number of employees (approx.) 

Workforce Diversity 

Gender in Global workforce 

Female 

Male 

Gender in U.S. Workforce 

Female 

Male 

Ethnicities in U.S. Workforce2  

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3  

Gender in Global Leadership4 

Female 

Male 

Gender in U.S. Leadership4 

Female 

Male 

Ethnicities in U.S. Leadership2,4 

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3 

Unit 

Number 

FY 2020 

20,500 

FY 2021 

21,500 

FY 2022 

26,500 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

41 

59 

41 

59 

42 

6 

11 

38 

3 

34 

66 

34 

66 

19 

4 

12 

63 

2 

42 

58 

42 

58 

41 

7 

12 

37 

3 

35 

65 

35 

65 

20 

6 

12 

59 

2 

42 

58 

44 

56 

41 

8 

12 

36 

3 

36 

64 

36 

64 

18 

7 

13 

60 

2 

1.  Throughout Workforce Demographics, unless otherwise noted, employee totals include full- and part-time employees, exclude interns and those on a severance notice period or long-term disability leave  

and are as of September 30 of the relevant fiscal year. Ratios may not add up to 100% due to rounding. 

2. Ethnicity data does not include employees who choose not to disclose or leave the field blank. 

3. Others defined as American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, and two or more races. 

4. Leadership defined as Vice President and above. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  76 

 
 
 
 
 
Workforce Demographics1 

Description 

Retention 

Voluntary Attrition in Global Workforce5 

Female 

Male 

Voluntary Attrition in U.S. Workforce2,6 

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3 

Recruiting (Interview Candidates)7 

Global Recruiting8  

Female 

Male 

U.S. Recruiting9 

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3 

External Hiring 

Global External Hiring10 

Female 

Male 

U.S. External Hiring11 

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3 

Unit 

FY 2020 

FY 2021 

FY 2022 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

38 

62 

47 

8 

11 

31 

3 

38 

62 

55 

10 

10 

21 

3 

42 

58 

44 

12 

13 

28 

3 

5. Ratio of voluntary leavers by gender. 

6. Ratio of U.S.-based voluntary leavers by ethnicity, self-identified population. 

7. A significant portion of interview candidates do not disclose their gender or, in the U.S., ethnicity. This data includes only those who have self-disclosed. 

8. Ratio of external interview candidates by gender, self-identified population. 

9. Ratio of U.S.-based external interview candidates by ethnicity, self-identified population. 

10. Ratio of external hires by gender, excluding employees who joined Visa as part of an acquisition, self-identified population. 

11. Ratio of U.S.-based external hires by ethnicity, excluding employees who joined Visa as part of an acquisition, self-identified population. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  77 

 
 
 
Unit 

FY 2020 

FY 2021 

FY 2022 

Workforce Demographics1 

Description 

Internal Mobility12 

Global Internal Mobility13 

Female 

Male 

U.S. Internal Mobility14 

Asian 

Black or African American 

Hispanic or Latino 

White 

Others3 

Other Social Metrics 

Employee Training 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

% 

Average hours of training per employee 

Hours/employee 

Employees engaged in optional learning activities 

Environmental Metrics 

Energy consumption 

Total energy consumption 

Total energy consumption from grid electricity 

Percent total energy consumed from grid electricity 

Total energy consumed from renewable sources 

Energy intensity (Energy per FTE) 

Global average power usage effectiveness (PUE) 

Percentage of owned or leased square
footage that is green building certified15 

% 

GJ 

GJ 

% 

GJ 

GJ/FTE 

% 

13 

96 

12 

86 

704,000 

623,000 

88 

546,000 

34 

1.56 

70 

646,000 

591,000 

91 

591,000 

30 

1.52 

75 

12. Includes lateral movement (position changes with no job level changes) and promotions ( job level elevations). 

13. Ratio of internal mobility by gender, self-identified population. 

14. Ratio of U.S.-based internal mobility by ethnicity, self-identified population. 

15. Visa’s percentage of owned or leased square footage that is green building certified includes locations that are either certified or pending certification, including LEED, BREEAM, GreenMark and various regional green building certification frameworks. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  78 

44 

56 

43 

6 

13 

34 

4 

17 

89 

747,000 

643,000 

86 

643,000 

28 

1.48 

78 

 
 
 
 
Environmental Metrics 

Description 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

Total scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions16 

Total scope 1 GHG emissions 

Total scope 2 GHG emissions—location based emissions 

Total scope 2 GHG emissions—market based emissions 

Percentage difference in scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions in comparison 
to FY18 baseline16 

Unit 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

% 

Emissions intensity (scope 1 & 2 per FTE)16 

MTCO2e /FTE 

Total scope 3 GHG emissions 

Scope 3 purchased goods and services 

Scope 3 business travel 

Scope 3 employee commuting 

Other categories 

Carbon offsets 

Water Withdrawal 

Total water withdrawal 

Potable water withdrawal 

Reclaimed water withdrawal 

Total water withdrawal in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline 
Water Stress17 

Total water withdrawal in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline 
Water Stress17 

Waste Management 

Waste generated 

Landfill diversion rate18 

Waste recycled/reused 

Waste composted19 

Waste incinerated 

Waste sent to landfill 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

MTCO2e 

ML 

ML 

ML 

ML 

% 

MT 

% 

MT 

MT 

MT 

MT 

FY 2020 

FY 2021 

FY 2022 

13,900 

5,100 

66,400 

8,800 

-77 

0.7 

409,200 

369,900 

18,600 

16,600 

4,100 

-46,100 

311 

217 

94 

71 

33 

3,550 

51 

1,040 

760 

130 

1,620 

4,000 

4,000 

59,200 

0 

-93 

0.2 

321,000 

302,200 

1,300 

12,800 

4,700 

-19,154 

271 

147 

124 

65 

44 

1,140 

43 

230 

260 

50 

600 

6,400 

6,400 

60,900 

0 

-89 

0.2 

403,900 

369,200 

12,800 

14,900 

7,000 

-34,456 

301 

177 

124 

72 

41 

2,500 

48 

490 

720 

80 

1,220 

16. All combined Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions metrics are representative of Scope 1 & Scope 2 market-based emissions. 

17. Disclosed values do not include Visa’s reclaimed water usage. High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress is determined using World Resources Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. 

18. Consistent with the ZWIA definition, the landfill diversion rate does not include waste that is incinerated. 

19. Composted waste includes waste that was reported as being sent to compost as well as anaerobic digestion. 

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |  79 

 
 
 
  
This report was printed on a plate-less, digital offset press using recycled paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC).
All electricity used to produce it has been offset 100% with wind energy credits procured from a Midwest-based wind farm. 

visa.com/esg 
©2023 Visa. All rights reserved.  

2022 Environmental, Social & Governance Report   |   80 

 
 
 
