Our commitment to social value reflects our purpose and BHP’s role in supplying products essential for the transition of society towards a more sustainable future, a role that we seek to perform in a responsible way.

We also know our stakeholders and partners are increasingly focused on our sustainability performance and use it as a key determinant in assessing BHP and our industry.

We strive to continuously improve and exceed these expectations.

A commitment to sustainability sometimes requires us to make difficult choices and we seek to gain and maintain the support of all our stakeholders and partners as we manage complex issues.

We respect the right of every stakeholder and partner to challenge the choices we make and recognise that by listening to their views and concerns BHP becomes a better company.

We define our approach to sustainability through Our Charter and it is governed through the Our Requirements standards.

These standards describe our mandatory minimum performance requirements and provide the foundation to develop and implement management systems at our operated assets.

Our approach to sustainability is overseen by BHP’s Board.

The Board’s Sustainability Committee advises and assists the Board in its oversight of the Group’s health, safety, environmental and community (HSEC) matters.

Sustainability targets and goals We set clear direction through our social value framework and we embed and measure sustainability performance through our public sustainability targets and goals.

We completed our most recent five year sustainability targets in FY2022.

For more information on our performance against these targets refer to OFR 7.3.

This year we developed new 2030 goals under the pillars of People, Planet and Prosperity in line with the World Economic Forum and the United Nations (UN) Development Program, following extensive internal and external engagement (refer to OFR 2.2).

The 2030 goals comprise overarching long term goals across six key focus areas and are underpinned by short term metrics and milestones.

We are working to embed them through asset plans and capital allocation.

The key changes compared to the previous five year sustainability targets include a new time horizon of seven years to align with BHP’s 2030 climate change targets and goals and reference timelines set out in global frameworks and agreements, such as the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the Paris Agreement, the Convention of Biological Diversity and the Global Goal for Nature.

The goals provide opportunities for BHP to engage and work in partnership with others, build capability and co design approaches to deliver positive outcomes and shared prosperity for people and our planet.

They are reinforced by our continued commitment to pursue zero significant health, safety, environment, community or supply chain events and to making a social investment of at least 1 per cent pre tax profit.

For FY2023 FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the previous three years’ pre tax profit.

Equitable change and transitions We recognise that changes in our business, ranging from the opening to the closing of a mine, can have significant, and sometimes disproportionate, effects on communities where we operate.

We also recognise that these same communities are navigating broader shifts in the global economy, such as the energy transition and digital disruption, and that the scope and nature of these transitions will continue to evolve.

We are committed to working with communities we are a part of in periods of change and transition to achieve long term mutual value.

Our approach will be grounded in our existing strategies, policies and frameworks in relation to our people, the environment, communities and other stakeholders and partners.

The interconnection of these policies and frameworks aims to ensure change and transitions are equitable and deliberately considered across the life cycle of our business and for the communities where we operate.

Create opportunity for meaningful engagement and co designed processes we will seek to develop relationships with stakeholders and partners, including government, local businesses, community members, suppliers, Indigenous peoples and workers, that support understanding of the issues and co creation of solutions.

We will communicate transparently on the types of changes the business needs to make and enable active participation of those most impacted.

Recognise the impacts associated with gender, land connectedness and social and economic vulnerability we will not assume all people are affected similarly.

We will seek to understand how impacts may be differently experienced, including for Indigenous peoples, and recognise that plans and solutions must take into account the particular strengths of each community and tackle the unique impacts they experience.

Recognise that the economic, social and environmental dimensions of sustainable development are interrelated we will aim to avoid or mitigate adverse environmental impacts of change and transitions, while pursuing opportunities to build climate resilience and environmentally sustainable communities.

Given change and transitions will involve multiple actors, we will seek to be a catalyst to bring people together and use our relationships to advocate for equitable change and transitions in line with the above principles.

Framework, Social Value Framework, Inclusion and Diversity Statement, Climate Change Strategy, approach to the environment, Closure Strategy, Human Rights Policy Statement, and approach to community engagement.

Governance Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities.

Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.

Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses, and manages climate related risks.

Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material.

Remuneration Report 3.2 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.

Cross industry metrics GHG emissions: absolute Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 emissions intensity.

Transition risks: amount and extent of assets or business activities vulnerable to transition risks.

Physical risks: amount and extent of assets or business activities vulnerable to physical risks.

Climate related opportunities: proportion of revenue, assets, or other business activities aligned with climate related opportunities.

Internal carbon prices: price on each tonne of GHG emissions used internally by an organisation.

Remuneration: proportion of executive management remuneration linked to climate considerations.

Our sustainability standards index is included in our ESG Standards and Databook, available at bhp.com sustainability.

Reporting standards and frameworks We commit to many sustainability frameworks, standards and initiatives and disclose data according to their requirements.

Our sustainability reporting, including on our website and in our ESG Standards and Databook, is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2021 Sustainability Reporting Standards, the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework, the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Metals and Mining standard.

It also serves as our UN Global Compact (UNGC) Communication on Progress on implementation of the UNGC Ten Principles and support for its broader development objectives.

We have included a summary of our TCFD disclosures in the table below.

There are also responsible mining and sourcing standards that we commit to voluntarily or as part of our memberships.

In FY2022, we adopted the approach of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI 3: Material Topics 2021) to consider actual and potential negative and positive impacts of our business in order to determine our material sustainability issues for reporting.

In doing so we considered BHP’s material risk profile1, information recorded in our internal event management system, our social value framework and social investment priorities and a number of other sources.

These included issues raised at our Annual General Meetings and through industry sustainability standards and benchmark assessments.

We also consult with stakeholders, such as through the BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility, via ESG investor round tables and advisory groups and with internal stakeholders via focused discussions.

The material sustainability issues identified through our FY2022 assessment are shown in the table below.

These issues are consistent with our FY2021 assessment with the addition of security services, sexual harassment and value chain sustainability.

Material’ in this context refers to the materiality of a risk under BHP’s Risk Framework.

For information on our Risk Framework refer to OFR 9.

Highlights include three years fatality free, a reduction in the total number of workers exposed to our most material occupational exposures by 68 per cent, a 15 per cent decrease in operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from our adjusted FY2017 baseline, social investment of US 681.4 million over five years and a 29 per cent reduction in freshwater withdrawal volumes from our adjusted FY2017 baseline.

The FY2017 baselines and FY2018 FY2022 data for our occupational exposures, GHG emissions and withdrawal of freshwater have been adjusted for the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside and divestment of our interest in BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) in FY2022, (to exclude data related to those operations), together with adjustments made and reported in previous years to ensure ongoing comparability of performance.

FY2022 data for safety, social investment and significant community and environmental events includes the operated assets in our Petroleum business up to the date of the merger (1 June 2022) and BMC up to the date of completion of the sale (3 May 2022).

Zero work related fatalities and there was a 30 per cent decrease in the high potential injury frequency rate from FY2021.

High potential injury trends remain a primary focus to assess progress against our most important safety objective, eliminating fatalities.

An increase in total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) of 8 per cent from FY2021.

This shift was influenced by COVID 19 through an 8 per cent reduction in hours worked between the first and second halves of FY2022.

The total land set aside for conservation on land on which we operate and other land we steward was 65,870 hectares in FY2022.

We adopt the US Government’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration Guidelines for the recording and reporting of occupational injuries and illnesses.

The baseline exposure profile (as at 30 June 2017) is derived through a combination of quantitative exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by specialist occupational hygienists consistent with best practice as defined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association.

These adjustments have also been applied to FY2018 FY2022 emissions stated in this table to aid comparability.

For FY2023 FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the previous three years’ pre tax profit.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 5 Global Warming Potentials and the move to a facility specific emissions calculation methodology for fugitives at Caval Ridge).

These adjustments have also been applied to FY2018 FY2022 emissions stated in this table to aid comparability.

Fresh water’ is defined as waters other than seawater, wastewater from third parties and hypersaline groundwater.

Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

These adjustments have also been applied to FY2018 FY2022 freshwater withdrawal stated in this table to aid comparability.

The highest number of events with potential for one or more fatalities was related to vehicle and mobile equipment accidents.

This shift was influenced by COVID 19 through an 8 per cent reduction in hours worked between the first and second halves of FY2022.

Fatality Elimination Program In FY2022, we continued our Fatality Elimination Program (FEL) towards our goal of no fatalities across our business.

Fatality elimination is not a new priority for us.

We have been seeking to improve our safety performance for many years and have considerably reduced high potential injuries.

However, there continues to be more to do to systematise a common set of controls.

The basis of calculation was revised in FY2020 from event count to injury count as part of a safety reporting methodology improvement.

Integrated Contractor Management Program Our Integrated Contractor Management Program is designed to make it safer and easier for contractors to work with us.

Introduced in FY2020, the program is focused on building long term mutually beneficial relationships, integrating and simplifying processes and systems, and creating an inclusive, respectful and caring workforce culture.

Since its introduction, the program has standardised roles and responsibilities of contract owners and promoted improved partnerships with BHP service providers through the implementation of the Our Requirements for Contractor Management standard for existing and new onsite service contracts.

Field Leadership Program Leaders spending time in the field is vital to maintaining safe operations.

Our global Field Leadership Program encourages the workforce to provide feedback to their leaders about safety to reinforce an interdependent culture of safety.

It involves leaders engaging with workers in the field to drive a common approach to improving health, safety and environment (HSE) performance.

The program helps verify that critical safety controls are in place, being applied and are effective in managing risks that have the potential to result in fatalities.

Our position on this is clear and aligned to our aspiration of a gender balanced employee workforce by FY2025.

Gender balance in every team and at every level is an important part of our approach to eliminate sexual harassment.

The Australian Human Rights Commission’s most recent national survey on sexual harassment in Australian workplaces has found that 71 per cent of Australians have been sexually harassed in their lifetimes and 39 per cent of Australian women experienced sexual harassment in the workplace in the five years to 2018.

The same survey concluded that in the mining industry an estimated 74 per cent of women and 32 per cent of men had experienced workplace sexual harassment in the past five years.

Back in 2018, we accepted those findings as true for our industry and for BHP globally, and we have focused on understanding why the behaviours exist, and what we needed to do to urgently address them at BHP.

We are deeply sorry and apologise unreservedly to those who have experienced, or continue to experience, any form of sexual harassment anywhere at BHP.

We recognise the harmful impacts on individuals resulting from these behaviours.

We understand that it can be difficult for people to come forward to report sexual harassment and thank all of those who have, for their courage in doing so.

We are also grateful to our employees and other stakeholders for their insights and suggestions for changes in our workplaces.

We are determined to make continued progress in eliminating sexual harassment and in ensuring our workplaces are safe and inclusive for everyone.

Sexual harassment’ is, as defined in the Respect Work report, an unwelcome sexual advance, unwelcome request for sexual favours or other unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature, which makes a person feel offended, humiliated and or intimidated, where a reasonable person would anticipate that reaction in the circumstances.

Sexual harassment encompasses a range of conduct including displaying sexually graphic images, sexually suggestive comments, suggestive or inappropriate looks, gestures or staring, non consensual touching or acts of a sexual nature and sexual assault.

It is accessible to all, including external stakeholders and the public, to report conduct that may be unethical, illegal or inconsistent with Our Code of Conduct.

Our approach to prevent sexual harassment In 2018, we defined sexual harassment as a health and safety risk, to be overseen in the same way as other occupational health and safety risks.

This approach provides the right framework for addressing these behaviours, allowing us to apply a systematic, risk based approach to evaluating and managing the risks.

Our approach includes conducting risk assessments to identify scenarios in which sexual harassment risks may arise, their causes and the controls we can implement to prevent them and reduce harm.

As part of our risk assessment processes, we engaged members of our workforce with experience at site and accommodation villages, and experts in health and safety, harassment and inclusion and diversity.

Through this, we identified factors that can contribute to the risk of workplace sexual harassment that are more pronounced in the mining industry, as well as factors that are common across all industries and workplaces.

Examples of risks that can be more pronounced in the mining industry include isolated or remote working locations, a largely male dominated workforce and accommodation villages.

Taking these into account, we identified and developed controls and actions to help prevent sexual harassment and reduce its harmful impacts.

Our core controls and areas for action are culture, leadership and training security measures at accommodation villages recruitment processes contractor and third party engagement emergency response trauma informed (wellbeing) care accessible, confidential reporting and person centred investigations and appropriate disciplinary action.

Reports of sexual harassment The reporting rate of sexual harassment at BHP has increased in recent years.

We believe this reflects the actions we have taken to increase awareness and promote and centralise reporting and investigations, along with broader societal developments and intolerance of this behaviour.

Since October 2020, BHP managers and leaders have been required to enter any serious conduct issues raised directly with them, including sexual harassment, into EthicsPoint2 (anonymously if requested).

This year, 47 per cent of reports received into EthicsPoint have been logged by managers or leaders in accordance with this policy.

Of these 103 substantiated cases, in 101 cases the individual responsible has had their employment terminated (or they have been removed from site if a contractor), they have resigned or are otherwise no longer working at BHP.

In addition to the matters listed above, in FY2022 87 reports of sexual harassment went through Alternative Resolution Options (AROs).

AROs are alternative forms of response and resolution other than investigations, including supported conversations with respondents, additional training, monitoring or awareness raising on BHP’s expectations of respectful behaviours in the workplace.

This process only occurs where an ARO is proportionate to the nature of the conduct and with the agreement of the impacted person.

We continue to work with external experts on how best to respond to cases to ensure we have a proportionate approach to reports.

We will continue to monitor and review the use of AROs to ensure it is meeting the needs of impacted people where it is used and to improve reporting to support organisational learnings.

We will continue to encourage reporting and we are committed to taking action.

We put the needs of anyone impacted by this behaviour at the forefront of our processes and we are committed to validating, caring for and supporting anyone in our business who is affected by this behaviour.

This includes internal practical and wellbeing support mechanisms, support through our tailored Employee Assistance Program and options to access trauma specific clinical and non clinical care with experienced clinicians.

We are committed to working closely with our people, others in industry and other stakeholders to implement the necessary processes and systems designed to ensure our workplaces are safe and inclusive for everyone.

In FY2022, a Project Management Office (PMO) was established through the office of the CEO to provide central governance over all sexual harassment work.

The priority focus areas of that work include driving progress toward gender balance, creating a safe and respectful workplace, building accountability and capability of leaders, upskilling our workforce to be active bystanders’, enhancing our policies, processes and controls, and providing person centred and trauma informed response and support.

The PMO reports on progress against implementation of our critical controls and other key focus areas that underpin our overarching sexual harassment prevention strategy to senior management and the Board.

We have continued to invest in security programs and physical infrastructure designed to prevent and respond to sexual harassment at our accommodation facilities.

We encourage our workforce to report concerns, including providing centralised and confidential reporting tools and mandatory reporting requirements for line leaders.

We do not tolerate any form of retaliation for raising a concern and we address these actions if they occur.

We ceased using non disclosure agreements (NDAs) or imposing confidentiality obligations on complainants in settlement agreements relating to sexual harassment in March 2019 and we do not enforce any NDAs or confidentiality obligations on complainants in historical agreements.

Investigation of reports of sexual harassment are conducted by our specialised Central Investigation team, which is independent of our other business units.

This team includes experts trained in a person centred, trauma informed approach to ensure that the impacted person is placed at the centre of all decisions made during the investigation process and to minimise the risk of further harm to that individual.

We established our global Support Service in FY2022, to provide dedicated, end to end case coordination for anyone impacted by sexual harassment, designed to ensure they obtain appropriate support and information.

The Support Service can also provide resolution options when an investigation is not wanted by the impacted person or cannot proceed.

Our position on sexual harassment has been reinforced through regular senior leadership communications.

These include messages from our CEO, on site signage regarding our expectations and avenues for support, and we have provided sexual harassment prevention training to BHP line leaders, aimed at setting clear expectations about appropriate conduct and driving consistent disciplinary outcomes.

Across June and July 2022, we held Safety Stops specifically focused on sexual harassment, racism and bullying for our teams globally.

The stops were intended to build awareness, understanding, and capability, as well as to reinforce expectations within our teams.

As part of our commitment to health and safety, all workplaces should be free from the use of alcohol and illegal drugs, and the misuse of other substances, in accordance with Our Code of Conduct.

All those who attend a BHP site, including employees, are expected to be alcohol and drug free, and may be asked to undergo random alcohol and drug testing.

We also provide support for those who need it to address an alcohol or drug dependency.

For accommodation villages, our Minerals Australia Alcohol Management Standard was implemented across our owned and operated village facilities from 1 July 2021.

It includes a range of limits on alcohol consumption.

Residents and visitors who breach the standard may be subject to action, including removal of access to the village for a resident or visitor, or disciplinary action for employees.

Since the introduction of the standard, our reviews have indicated that there has been a reduction in alcohol consumption, and residents are making healthier choices, with an increase in the use of recreational facilities.

Alcohol is not permitted at our accommodation villages in Chile and Canada.

We have channels through which the Board and senior leaders receive information on workplace culture and conduct.

These include anonymous employee and contractor perception surveys and our Field Leadership Program.

Our perception surveys are conducted three times per year and were redesigned in FY2021 to include more targeted questions to provide leaders with greater insight into key safety and engagement metrics, which we have identified as critical foundations for our culture.

Executive leadership and Group wide performance criteria are linked to remuneration that includes progress towards greater inclusion, diversity and gender representation.

In FY2022, we introduced key performance indicators for our Executive Leadership Team and other BHP employees that linked remuneration outcomes to progress against our program of work to address sexual harassment.

This includes implementation of controls in line with BHP’s sexual harassment risk assessments.

We continue to measure and test our focus and areas for action.

Through these initiatives we identified a need for further focus on preventative controls, particularly with respect to culture and behaviours.

This is in addition to the controls already in place or committed for implementation in FY2022 which included security, accommodation standards, alcohol measures, recruitment and discipline.

We are committed to working with others in the industry and beyond to address sexual harassment risks.

BHP is a member of the Minerals Council of Australia Respect Work Taskforce and the Chamber of Minerals Energy WA Safe and Respectful Behaviours Working Group.

Both groups aim to build industry capability and capacity though sharing knowledge and developing shared resources.

In FY2022, we participated in Western Australia’s parliamentary inquiry into sexual harassment against women in the FIFO mining industry (WA Inquiry), including through a detailed written submission in August 2021 (available at parliament.wa.gov.au).

BHP welcomes the final report titled Enough is enough’ released on 23 June 2022.

We acknowledge the significant work of the parliamentary committee and in particular, the many people who shared their stories and experiences as part of the inquiry process.

Continuing to make progress While we have made progress, there is still much more to do.

We set clear mandatory minimum performance standards to identify, assess and manage health risks and their potential impacts and monitor the health of our workforce.

Occupational illness The reported occurrence of occupational illness1 for employees in FY2022 was 265, which was 3.89 per million hours worked, representing a decrease in incidence compared to FY2021, which was 4.36 per million hours worked.

For our contractor workforce, the reported occupational illness1 in FY2022 was 151, which was 1.61 per million hours worked, representing a decrease in incidence compared to FY2021 which was 1.87 per million hours worked.

Due to regulatory regimes and limited access to data, we do not have full oversight of the incidence of contractor noise induced hearing loss (NIHL) cases.

Musculoskeletal illness is the predominant occupational illness category representing 65 per cent of our workforce illnesses.

These are conditions impacting the musculoskeletal system and connective tissues caused by repetitive work related stress or strain or exposure over time.

Musculoskeletal illness does not include disorders caused by slips, trips, falls or similar incidents.

Noise induced hearing loss contributes to the second highest illness category representing 10 per cent of illnesses.

Where workers are exposed to noise above acceptable levels, workers are placed in hearing conservation programs, which include a periodic hearing test and hearing protection fit testing.

Through our Sustainability in Design program, we have also established design recommendations that seek to eliminate or reduce high or prolonged noise exposures.

Other illness categories include skin diseases, temperature related illnesses, mental illness, bites, stings and other unspecified illnesses.

Our occupational illness data excludes cases of COVID 19 among our employees and contractors.

In settings of high levels of community transmission and with an evolving understanding of the epidemiological criteria for infection and COVID 19 variants with evidence of increased transmission, it is difficult to conclude, with reasonable certainty, that a person was infected because of work related activities or exposure.

For information on our response to COVID 19, refer to COVID 19’ further in 7.6.

Annual Report 2022 the applicable regulatory requirements.

Where exposures potentially exceed regulatory limits or our stricter limits, respiratory protective equipment is required.

For our most material exposures of DPM, silica and coal mine dust, we had a five year target to achieve, by the end of FY2022, a 50 per cent reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed1 as compared to our 30 June 2017 baseline exposure profile.2,3,4 Exposure data in this Report in all cases is presented without considering protection afforded by the use of personal protective equipment (where required).

We are pleased to have achieved our target by reducing the total number of workers potentially exposed to our most material exposures by 68 per cent.

That achievement at the end of FY2022 in number of workers potentially exposed to levels exceeding our OELs include no workers potentially exposed to coal mine dust, 78 per cent reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed to DPM5 and a 61 per cent reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed to respirable silica.

This year, an internal audit conducted on FY2021 workforce occupational exposures data at Nickel West identified that a statistical analysis error resulted in an underestimation of the number of workers assessed as potentially exposed to DPM.

This has resulted in an increase in the FY2021 total number of workers potentially exposed to material exposures compared to what was reported last year.

With the conclusion of our five year public target, we will continue to manage exposures to as low as reasonably practicable by focusing our efforts in FY2023 on further implementation of exposure reduction projects, sustaining the exposure reductions achieved by leveraging our Risk Framework and identifying exposure reduction opportunities for inclusion in FY2024 plans and beyond.

BHP evaluates each case for work relatedness and where identified, the case will be included in illness reporting.

Inclusions are anti competitive behaviour attempts to identify an anonymous reporter, community relations or human rights breach cybersecurity or data privacy breach deficiencies in a business conduct investigation improper political or governmental conduct inappropriate or unauthorised external communication information on other support service providers physical violence and trade control breach.

For cases involving current employees, we offer counselling, medical support and redeployment options where relevant.

Mental health The mental health of our people continues to be a focus.

In FY2022, we continued to implement our Group wide Mental Health Framework to raise awareness of mental wellbeing, reduce stigma and increase the capacity of our leaders to recognise and support individuals experiencing mental illness.

As a founding member of the Global Business Collaboration for Better Workplace Mental Health, we continue to contribute to the global business led alliance to advocate for and accelerate positive change for mental health in the workplace worldwide.

To support the proactive management of mental wellbeing and give our workforce the tools and skills needed to build resilience and positive mental health, we provide and promote the Employee Assistance Program, our mental health toolkit, Thrive, education and awareness campaigns (including stigma reduction) and the BHP Resilience Program.

In May 2022, we continued with our annual BHP Mental Health month, with the aim of increasing mental wellbeing and encouraging everyone to support and look out for one another.

We continued to support global mental health campaigns during FY2022, including World Mental Health Day, R U OK Day and Movember.

In FY2022, we also commenced work to develop a Group wide psychosocial risk management approach with the aim of taking a proactive and systemic approach to sustaining a mentally healthy workplace.

This process will contribute to achieving our 2030 goal for a safe, inclusive and future ready workforce.

We continued to navigate the challenges of the global COVID 19 pandemic, including high community transmissions and variants that are more transmissible.

In FY2022, we continued to adapt COVID 19 controls based on current scientific evidence and medical advice designed to protect our workforce and minimise the risk of workplace transmission.

We strongly support vaccination as a control to protect the health of our workforce and the communities where we operate.

As part of our COVID 19 controls, we require vaccinations as a condition of workplace entry subject to local laws and regulatory requirements.

We also implemented pre entry testing programs across our operations and offices globally aimed at reducing workplace transmissions.

More information on health, including a case study on how we supported our people and the communities where we operate through COVID 19, is available at bhp.com health.

It applies to everyone who works for us, with us, or on our behalf.

To ensure all employees and contractors understand how Our Code applies, regular training is mandatory.

There are consequences for breaching Our Code and we encourage people to speak up where a decision or action is not in line with Our Code or Our Charter.

Our Code is available in five languages and accessible at bhp.com.

BHP encourages individuals to speak up and report concerns about any conduct that is inconsistent with Our Charter, Our Code or internal requirements, or conduct that may be illegal or improper.

BHP requires reports of business conduct concerns to be treated with appropriate confidentiality and prohibits any kind of retaliation against people who make or may make a report, or who cooperate with an investigation.

We consider all forms of retaliation to be misconduct and grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

In FY2022, 5,402 reports were received into EthicsPoint (of these 4,714 were classified as business conduct concerns)2 representing an increase of 33 per cent in business conduct concerns from FY2021.

These include reports directly made by employees, contractors or community members.

It also includes reports made to leaders (31 per cent) who are then required to register them in EthicsPoint.

We believe the increase corresponds to the continuous effort by BHP to promote the reporting of disrespectful behaviour to create an environment in which people can feel safe speaking up.

The introduction of a global service to support people involved in sexual harassment incidents and discuss resolution options has also encouraged employees and contractors to report instances of sexual harassment.

Information is available at bhp.com our approach our company our code of conduct .

Operating and Financial ReviewGovernanceFinancial StatementsAdditional Information  We also prohibit facilitation payments, which are payments to government officials for routine government actions.

Our people must take care that third parties acting on our behalf do not violate anti corruption laws.

Disciplinary action including dismissal, or termination of contractual relationships, may follow from a breach of these requirements.

To manage corruption risk, we work to ensure optimal resource allocation to areas of our business with the highest exposure to corruption risks.

The identification, assessment and management of corruption risks associated with growth opportunities remains a significant area of focus for our Compliance function, via a sub team dedicated to supporting functions that are responsible for initiating transactions and growth opportunities in countries with high corruption risks.

All activities that potentially involve higher exposure to corruption risk require review or approval by our Compliance function, as documented in our anti corruption compliance framework.

In FY2022 Compliance and Global Corporate Affairs implemented a new end to end workflow system for sponsorships, donations and community development projects, which provides greater data for enhanced monitoring and increased governance over contracting and post contact expenditure reporting.

Our Compliance function regularly reviews our anti corruption framework for compliance with the requirements of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, the Australian Criminal Code and the applicable laws and regulatory developments of all places where we do business.

These laws are consistent with the standards of the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions.

Our Compliance function is independent of our assets and regions and reports to the Chief Legal Governance and External Affairs Officer.

The Chief Compliance Officer also reports quarterly to the Risk and Audit Committee on compliance issues and meets at least annually with the Committee Chair.

The Compliance team also participates in anti corruption risk assessments in respect of our operated assets or functions, our interests in non operated assets and new business opportunities that we consider are exposed to material anti corruption risks.

In FY2022, the team provided input into 44 anti corruption risk assessments.

Risk awareness in first line employees remains a critical preventative measure.

Anti corruption training is required to be provided to all employees and contractors as part of mandatory annual training on Our Code.

Our Compliance function also regularly communicates and engages with identified higher risk roles.

In FY2022, additional risk based anti corruption training was undertaken by 1,578 employees and contractors, as well as employees of some of our business partners and community partners.

Transparency and accountability We support initiatives by governments of the countries where we operate to publicly disclose the content of our licences or contracts for the development and production of minerals that form the basis of our payments to government, as outlined in the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) Standard.

Other initiatives include our work in partnership with Transparency International, our representation on the Board of the EITI, our financial support for and Steering Committee membership of the Bribery Prevention Network (in Australia) and our funding of the BHP Foundation, including its Natural Resource Governance Global Program.

In FY2022, we also continued our active and public support for ultimate beneficial ownership transparency.

This support included co hosting (with EITI, Open Ownership and the B Team) a Beneficial Ownership Transparency Forum in London and leading efforts with EITI for BHP and other leading resources companies to publicly commit to a Statement by Companies on Beneficial Ownership Transparency, launched at the Forum.

Through the Statement, BHP and other leading resources companies recognise the need for publicly available company ownership information and (among other things) commit to promote the global adoption of beneficial ownership transparency, to disclose beneficial ownership data, and to identify and use beneficial ownership data in due diligence processes.

Our efforts are complementary to BHP Foundation’s partnership with EITI and Open Ownership to support governments to transform the availability and use of beneficial ownership data for effective governance in the extractive sector.

Multi lateral measures to improve governance, such as these, should help ensure transparency and accountability are cornerstones of a successful energy transition that benefits the citizens of countries bestowed with critical minerals.

Anti corruption We continue our commitment to the global fight against corruption in the resources industry.

Our commitment to anti corruption is embodied in Our Charter and Our Code.

As part of this commitment, we prohibit authorising, offering, giving or promising anything of value directly or indirectly to anyone to influence them in their role, or to encourage them to perform their work disloyally or otherwise improperly.

This can occur if there is insufficient information, the respondent is not able to be identified, was previously terminated, or that the impacted person did not wish to proceed.

In September 2021, we published our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP), which sets out our strategic approach to achieving our long term GHG emissions reduction goals.

The CTAP, together with more information on our climate positions, actions and performance is available at bhp.com climate.

BHP’s climate change targets and goals1 Following completion of a number of portfolio changes in FY2022, we have taken the opportunity to streamline the expression (without change to the substance) of the climate change targets and goals we outlined in the CTAP, as set out here.

To support the net zero transition that the world must make, we will continue to pursue sustainable provision of our products, many of which are essential building blocks of decarbonisation.

We are pursuing the long term goal of net zero Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2050.

Achievement of this goal is uncertain, particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway for our customers in steelmaking, and we cannot ensure the outcome alone.

We will target net zero by 2050 for GHG emissions from all shipping of BHP products.

We will continue to partner with customers and others to try to accelerate the transition to carbon neutral steelmaking and other downstream processes.

To support progress towards our long term goal to achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by 2050, in FY2022, we achieved our short term target due to significant progress made through the execution of Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), particularly in Chile at two of our copper operated assets but also increasingly across our Australian operations.

Meeting our FY2022 target keeps us on track to achieve our FY2030 medium term target.

The baseline year(s) of our targets will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments, and to reflect progressive refinement of emissions reporting methodologies.

The targets’ boundaries may in some cases differ from required reporting boundaries.

The use of carbon offsets will be governed by BHP’s approach to carbon offsetting described at bhp.com climate.

Our ability to achieve the targets is subject to the widespread availability of carbon neutral solutions to meet our requirements, including low zero emissions technologies, fuels, goods and services.

Targets Short term: Target to maintain operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels by FY2022, while we continue to grow our business.

Medium term: Target to reduce operational GHG emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels by FY2030.

Target: We will target net zero by 2050 for GHG emissions from all shipping of BHP products.

Announced a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for up to US 10 million investment with POSCO in October 2021 to jointly study optimising coal coke quality for low carbon blast furnace operation and Carbon Capture Utilisation and Storage (CCUS).

This, together with MOUs announced in FY2021, provides up to US 75 million for steel decarbonisation partnerships with four key customers representing approximately 12 per cent of reported global steel production.

For more information refer to our steel decarbonisation framework in Value chain GHG emissions.

Commenced feasibility studies with Baowu, HBIS, JFE, into CCUS and Direct Reduced Iron (DRI) technologies, use of hydrogen in steelmaking, and iron ore blends suitable for DRI production.

Formed a consortium with Rio Tinto, Oldendorff, Star Bulk, and the Global Maritime Forum to analyse and support the potential to develop an iron ore maritime green corridor, fuelled by green ammonia.

The fuel, along with improved efficiency of the vessel design, is expected to significantly reduce GHG emissions intensity per voyage.

These adjustments have also been applied to the GHG emissions stated in this table to aid comparability.

Climate governance and management Climate change is a material governance and strategic issue for us.

Our Board is actively engaged in the governance of climate change issues, including our strategic approach, oversight of material risk management and performance against our targets, goals and strategies, supported by the Sustainability Committee and the Risk and Audit Committee.

The Board strengthened the link between executive remuneration and delivery of our climate change strategy in 2020, with performance on decarbonisation and adaptation now representing 10 per cent of the Cash and Deferred Plan scorecard.

The Board obtains advice from climate change experts, including by seeking the input of management (including Dr Fiona Wild, our Vice President Sustainability and Climate Change) and independent advisers.

In addition, our Forum on Corporate Responsibility (which includes Don Henry, former CEO of the Australian Conservation Foundation and Changhua Wu, former Greater China Director, the Climate Group) engages with operational management teams and with the Sustainability Committee and the Board as appropriate.

Below Board level, key decisions in relation to climate change are made by the CEO and management, in accordance with their delegated authority.

Our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is held to account for a range of measures, including climate related performance, which are then cascaded through the organisation.

While our Board is ultimately responsible for our strategic approach to climate change issues, management has primary responsibility for the design and implementation of our climate change strategy with execution overseen by the Climate Change Steering Committee.

BHP has a dedicated Climate Change team responsible for advising the ELT.

The team collaborates with BHP’s asset and function teams, external partners and industry to develop practical climate change solutions, designed to preserve and unlock long term value for BHP.

The impact of our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario on portfolio value was assessed and reviewed against the portfolio mix and major capital allocation decisions.

All investment decisions now require an assessment of viability under our 1.5 C scenario.

Work continues to determine future climate requirements for planning and capital allocation processes.

We plan to publish our next formal industry association review in the second half of CY2022.

As part of our normal practice, we intend to analyse the industry association reviews published by our peers and relevant material published by civil society groups and other stakeholders, with the goal of strengthening our own review methodology, where possible.

We have set out our Equitable Change and Transition Position establishing our approach to changes and transitions in our communities.

Refer to OFR 7.1. prepares information and advice for the ELT, Sustainability Committee, Risk and Audit Committee and the Board on climate related strategy, risks (both threats and opportunities) and performance against climate related metrics.

It also uses key risk indicators to help monitor performance against our appetite for climate change related risks and monitors relevant signposts through our emerging risk process.

Climate related activity is also undertaken across the Group, including in our Portfolio Strategy and Development Commercial Planning and Technical and Environment teams.

Climate risk management BHP applies a single, Group wide approach to the management of risk, known as the Risk Framework.

Risks are assessed to determine their potential impacts and likelihood, enable prioritisation and determine risk treatment options.

We then implement controls designed to prevent, minimise or mitigate threats, and enable or enhance opportunities.

Risks and controls are reviewed periodically and on an ad hoc basis to evaluate performance.

For more information on BHP’s Risk Framework refer to OFR 9.

Transition risks arise from policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and other societal responses to the challenges posed by climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy.

Physical risks refer to acute risks that are event driven, including increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events, and chronic risks resulting from longer term changes in climate patterns.

Transition risks Transition risks are identified, assessed and managed in line with BHP’s Risk Framework.

We consider these across short (up to two years), medium (two to five years) and long term (five to 30 years) time horizons.

For more information on risks associated with the transition to a low carbon economy and why these risks are important to BHP, potential threats and opportunities, and key management actions refer to OFR 9.1.

When forming strategy, we consider the impact of a range of future pathway scenarios, including our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario,1 and potential responses to the threats and opportunities presented by climate change.

At the time of publication of this Report, signposts do not yet indicate the appropriate measures are in place to drive decarbonisation at the pace or scale required for us to assess achieving the aims of the Paris Agreement as the most likely future outcome.

However, as governments, institutions, companies and society increasingly focus on addressing climate change, the potential for a non linear and or more rapid transition and the subsequent impact on threats and opportunities increases.

We seek to maximise our exposure to products with significant opportunity under all scenarios and to minimise the risk that capital will be stranded in a rapidly decarbonising world through portfolio commodity mix and the position of our operated assets on their cost curves.

Two scenarios (Central Energy View and Lower Carbon View)2 are currently being used as inputs to our operational planning cases, based on our current estimates of the most likely range of future states for the global economy and associated sub systems.

In addition to our operational planning scenarios, we utilise a range of scenarios, including our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario when testing the resilience of our portfolio, forming strategy and making investment decisions.

For more information about the assumptions, outputs and limitations of our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com.

Lower Carbon View accelerates decarbonisation trends and policies, particularly in easier to abate sectors such as power generation and light duty vehicles.

For more information refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com.

International Energy Agency, IHS Markit, Wood Mackenzie, Bloomberg New Energy Finance and CRU) an update of the scenarios is expected during FY2023.

The energy and resources modelling from BHP’s 1.5 C scenario, which was conducted in 2020, remains consistent with the updated carbon budget released in the Working Group I report as the first part of the IPCC’s Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) in 2021.

During FY2022, we systematically integrated our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario into our strategy and capital allocation process to test the extent to which our capital allocation is aligned with a rapidly decarbonising global economy.

Specifically, we apply our 1.5 C scenario to assess whether future demand for our products under that scenario supports ongoing capital investment.

Our analysis and that of others, including the International Energy Agency, have shown that many of the commodities we currently produce are critical for the aims of the Paris Agreement to be met.

The impact of our 1.5 C scenario on our portfolio value was assessed after the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside and the sale of a number of our coal assets, and was reviewed against portfolio mix and major capital allocation decisions.

Our portfolio value increased under the 1.5 C scenario, consistent with the demand outcomes of the analysis published in the BHP Climate Change Report 20201 that indicated the world would need around twice as much steel, copper and potash, and four times as much nickel in the next 30 years as it did in the last 30.

It also indicated a reduction in the future demand for oil and energy coal.

Our focus for capital expenditure is now on commodities we assess as having a significant upside through the transition.

Furthermore, the internal allocation of capital under our Capital Allocation Framework and all major investment decisions now require an assessment of investment viability under our 1.5 C Paris aligned scenario.

Through these processes, we demonstrate our commitment to ensuring our capital expenditure plans are not misaligned with the Paris Agreement’s aim to pursue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5 C. Our total capital and exploration expenditure for Continuing operations in FY2022 was US 6.1 billion, of which US 73 million or 1 per cent was for our energy coal assets.

Spend in FY2022 and all currently approved spend for energy coal assets is limited to maintenance capital.

Additional capital is expected to be required for the proposed life extension of the Mt Arthur Coal mine through to the end of FY2030, should relevant approvals be received.

This is expected to provide certainty for our people and the community about the future of the mine and time to work together with the community on a plan that contributes to helping the region diversify and strengthen its economy.

In FY2020, we announced a commitment of at least US 400 million to invest in GHG emissions reduction across our operated assets and value chain over the five year life of our Climate Investment Program.

We spent US 47 million on initiatives consistent with this program in FY2022, targeting operational, maritime, and steelmaking emissions and BHP Ventures investments.

This figure does not include the operating expenditure associated with renewable electricity arrangements established at a number of our operations, which collectively represented the main source of operational emissions abatement for BHP in FY2022.

More than US 200 million has been included in approved budgets for FY2023 as our decarbonisation programs further mature, and we will continue expenditure of up to US 75 million over the coming years channelled towards partnerships with our customers in the steel sector.

Our capital allocation process is structured to ensure capital expenditure plans are aligned with our FY2030 and 2050 operational emissions reduction target and goal.

We expect to spend around US 4 billion on operational decarbonisation by FY2030, with plans reflecting an annual capital allocation of between approximately US 200 million and approximately US 600 million per year over the next five years.

Going forward, as our climate response is further integrated into business as usual planning, our spending on climate initiatives is expected to become increasingly indistinguishable from normal business spending.

Our assets and markets are likely to continue to be subject to variations in regulation and levels of carbon pricing depending on location and industry.

Similarly, the competitiveness of our products and the processes in which they are used will be impacted by the adoption of carbon legislation in customer countries.

We utilise an explicit regulatory carbon price forecast for major BHP operational, competitor and customer countries.

In determining our forecast, we consider factors such as a country’s current and announced climate policies and targets and societal factors such as public acceptance and demographics.

We forecast the global range of regional carbon prices to reach between US 0 175 tCO2 e in FY2030, and US 10 250 tCO2 e in FY2050, and US 10 175 tCO2 e in FY2030 and US 100 250 tCO2 e in FY2050 in BHP’s current major operational and market countries.

We have incorporated regional carbon price assumptions in our planning, investment decisions and asset valuations for more than 10 years.

They are used together with our operational planning cases based on the current economic outlook for asset planning, asset valuations and operational decision making.

Our carbon price forecasts are also used along with other qualitative and quantitative metrics, such as the outcomes of our Paris aligned 1.5 C scenario analysis (refer to Scenario analysis’ and Capital alignment’), in our assessment of investments under the Capital Allocation Framework and to inform our portfolio strategy and investment decisions.

When considering initiatives to meet our operational emission medium term target and long term goal, we consider a number of additional metrics including the initiatives’ position on our internal marginal abatement project cost curve, technology maturity and ultimate abatement potential.

This informs the implied costs and benefits of our decarbonisation initiatives, allowing us to prioritise and rank those initiatives based on an implied price on carbon.

Green revenue is intended as a measure of the extent to which products and services contribute to the transition to a green economy.2 While these contributions will be measured on a range of important indicators (including water conservation, biodiversity or reforestation), much of the discussion about green revenue remains focused on the contribution to the transition to clean energy that is vital for climate change mitigation.

We expect many of the resources we produce to be important for the energy transition.

For example, the International Energy Agency’s The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy Transitions’ report3 highlights the critical role of copper and nickel, and BHP’s own 1.5 C scenario4 indicates the case for copper, nickel and potash could be more compelling as the world takes action to decarbonise.

Iron ore also fares slightly better under our 1.5 C scenario versus certain other scenarios, as steel requirements of the energy transition are expected to be considerable.

In FY2022, we consulted with investors, industry and standard setters to explore ways of establishing clear methodologies for classification and measurement of green revenue within the resources sector.

A green revenue measure based on end use continues to be challenging for copper and steel as they undergo multiple stages of processing and have a diverse range of end uses.

Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for us.

Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.

In a green economy, growth in employment and income are driven by public and private investment into such economic activities, infrastructure and assets that allow reduced carbon emissions and pollution, enhanced energy and resource efficiency, and prevention of the loss of biodiversity and ecosystem services.

Operating and Financial ReviewGovernanceFinancial StatementsAdditional Information 7 Sustainability continued of copper for the energy transition and the ongoing role for steel in development as well as decarbonisation.

We are continuing our approach to reporting green revenue based on end use, using nickel and uranium by way of illustration as they are the most straightforward of our commodities for which to determine contribution to the energy transition from their end use.

Battery manufacture contributes to climate change mitigation.1 Therefore, for illustrative purposes,2 we have measured the revenue from our sales to battery materials suppliers as green revenue.

Battery suitable nickel is defined as nickel briquettes, nickel powder and nickel sulphate.

It does not include off specification nickel metal.

A total of 87 per cent of BHP’s battery suitable nickel was sold to global battery material suppliers in FY2022,3 an increase of 15 per cent on FY2021.

For FY2022, BHP’s green revenue from battery suitable nickel amounted to US 1,164 million,4 an increase of 53 per cent on FY2021.

Australian uranium is sold for nuclear power generation only, a low emissions source of electricity.

Therefore, also for illustrative purposes, we have measured all revenue from uranium as green revenue.

For FY2022, BHP’s green revenue from uranium was US 207 million, which is a decrease of 17 per cent on FY2021.

As well as assessing commodities based on their end uses, it is important to consider the GHG emissions associated with the production of commodities in determining their role in the transition to a net zero economy.

Given production of many commodities is expected to need to continue or even increase, it is critical that their production has the lowest possible associated GHG emissions and optimal performance under other sustainability indicators.

For example, our Chilean copper operated asset, Escondida, is aiming to have 100 per cent renewable electricity supply by the mid 2020s and sources desalinated water for operational purposes, minimising water extraction from sensitive Andean aquifers.

For example, the EU taxonomy recognises battery manufacture as a significant contributor to climate change mitigation.

The EU Taxonomy is a classification system, establishing a list of environmentally sustainable economic activities.

Note the EU taxonomy does not presently cover the mining sector.

For more information refer to 32021R2139 EN EUR Lex, available at eur lex.europa.eu legal content EN TXT uri celex%3A32021R2139.

Based on percentage of battery suitable nickel sales to battery material suppliers.

Where a customer’s planned end use is not known with certainty to be for battery supply, assumptions of usage have been made using historical nickel usage for those customers.

Calculated based on gross revenue from battery suitable nickel multiplied by percentage of BHP’s sales of battery suitable nickel, as applicable to battery material suppliers.

The copper mines emissions intensity curve is based on CY2021 data estimates from Skarn Associates.

The emissions intensity basis is tonnes of CO2 equivalent per tonne of copper equivalent finished metal per mine.

We have overlayed Escondida, Pampa Norte (comprised of Spence and Cerro Colorado) and Olympic Dam with reported BHP data points for CY2021 for: i) production (copper concentrate and cathode copper equivalent tonnes) ii) Scope 1 emissions and iii) Scope 2 emissions.

For copper cathode only, emissions intensity estimates from freight only are included and utilise Skarn Associates’ data.

This is to avoid double counting as smelting and refining emissions would already be included in the Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of BHP assets for cathode production.

Downstream emissions intensity estimates of copper concentrate, relating to smelting and refining to produce finished metal as well as emissions from freight utilise Skarn Associates’ data across the dataset.

Noting the renewable PPA arrangements that commenced at Escondida and Spence in FY2022, we have also provided the indicative emission intensities for Escondida and Pampa Norte based on FY2022 data (noting the rest of the of data in the curve is based on CY2021 data).

Copper and Nickel equivalent calculations: For the copper mines and nickel emission intensity curves, the basis of the intensity is tonne of copper equivalent and nickel equivalent production respectively.

Copper equivalent and nickel equivalent production allows comparison of single commodity operations with those that produce by and co products.

For example, Escondida’s copper equivalent production is calculated as Escondida’s CY2021 revenue, divided by the CY2021 average realised copper price.

For FY2022 estimates in the copper mines intensity curve highlighting renewable PPA impacts FY2022 revenue, divided by the FY2022 average realised copper price are used.

The nickel emissions intensity curve is based on CY2021 data estimates from Skarn Associates.

The emissions intensity basis is tonnes of CO2 equivalent per tonne of nickel equivalent in first saleable metal.

Under the Skarn Associates methodology, this includes processed output from the mine, concentrator and smelter (production and emissions from refineries are not included).

For Nickel West, this includes only production attributable to BHP ores (Mt Keith and Leinster) and excludes any production and emissions from third party ores.

We have overlayed Nickel West with reported BHP data points for CY2021 for: i) production attributable to BHP ores (nickel tonnes and nickel equivalent tonnes) ii) Scope 1 emissions and iii) Scope 2 emissions.

To calculate nickel equivalent production, we have used average realised CY2021 nickel prices as well as Skarn Associates’ estimate for the CY2021 cobalt price.

For emissions, we have pro rated Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from the Kalgoorlie smelter to account for emissions attributable to BHP production only (i.e.

To avoid double counting, we have removed Skarn Associates’ estimated intensity for downstream processing (i.e.

Emissions intensity estimates for Upstream Freight Port Ocean utilises Skarn Associates data across the dataset.

Upstream emissions are applicable to only Nickel pig iron (NPI) and Ferro nickel (FeNi) plants’ emissions relating to upstream mining and logistics per Skarn Associates’ methodology.

The emissions intensity basis is kilograms of CO2 equivalent per tonne of iron ore (wet basis) produced per mine.

BHP operations have been aggregated to WAIO level and overlayed with reported BHP data points for CY2021 for: i) iron ore production (wet basis) ii) Scope 1 emissions and iii) Scope 2 emissions incorporating integrated rail, port and ocean emissions.

Non integrated Port Rail Ocean emissions intensity estimates utilise Skarn Associates data across the dataset.

In case of WAIO, only the emissions from non integrated Ocean freight are applicable as Rail Port emissions are included as part of Scopes 1 and 2 emissions.

The emissions intensity basis is tonnes of CO2 equivalent per tonne of saleable coal produced per mine.

BHP operations have been aggregated to BMA level, noting BMC is not highlighted as a BHP operation given the recent divestment of BHP’s interest in BMC.

BMA has been overlayed with reported BHP data points for CY2021 for: i) metallurgical coal production ii) Scope 1 emissions and iii) Scope 2 emissions incorporating BHP operated integrated rail and port emissions.

Emission intensity estimates for Freight Port Ocean logistics of metallurgical coal products utilise Skarn Associates data across the dataset.

As BMA utilises both integrated (included in Scopes 1 and 2 emissions) and third party rail and port services, this may result in partial double counting of emissions.

We have also updated the global warming potential factor for CH4 to the IPCC AR5 across the dataset for better comparability.

This year, in addition to the absolute emissions from each of our operated assets, we disclose CY2021 GHG operational emissions intensity estimates for BHP’s iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and nickel operated assets compared to other mines.

Due to the different structure of various mines to aid comparability and consistency with the Skarn Associates3 data for the non BHP mines, we have included select Scope 3 emissions estimates for downstream transport and processing of the commodity, where appropriate.

Based on this analysis, GHG emissions intensity of BHP’s operated assets is estimated to be either in the lowest quartile or the lowest half of the mines covered.

As our decarbonisation strategy is executed, we expect the emissions intensity of our operated assets to further decline.

Other sustainability indicators for our operated assets are disclosed in our ESG Standards and Databook available at bhp.com sustainability.

More information on our performance in relation to absolute GHG emissions is provided in Operational GHG emissions and energy consumption’ and Value chain GHG emissions’.

There are communities around the world that rely on mining certain commodities that may therefore be disproportionately impacted by the transition to a low carbon economy.

Solutions will require a multi stakeholder approach including the local community, investors, financiers, government at all levels and, of course, resource companies such as BHP.

We have outlined our approach to equitable change and transition, taking into account the Paris Agreement and the International Labour Organisation’s (ILO’s) Just Transition Guidelines, in OFR 7.1, recognising the role of BHP through changes and transitions.

The approach to equitable change and transition will inform implementation of our strategy for decarbonisation and adaptation to the potential physical impacts of climate change, as well as apply to the intended closure of NSWEC.

Physical risks Our Adaptation Strategy outlines the proactive and collaborative approach we need to take to build the safety, productivity and climate resilience of our operated assets, investments, portfolio, supply chain, communities and ecosystems by adapting to the physical risks of climate change.

We have analysed specific climate related hazards and developed a more detailed approach to enable financial and economic evaluation of physical climate risks and adaptation measures in future years.

BHP requires operated assets and functions to identify and progressively assess potential physical climate change risks (including to our value chain) and build climate change adaptation into their plans, activities and investments.

In FY2022, we progressed our Adaptation Strategy, conducting a physical climate risk identification process for our operated assets and supply chain.

Risks associated with each hazard were prioritised in accordance with our risk process under BHP’s Risk Framework, including consideration of their materiality.

The absence of a tick means either the risk was identified at the asset, but not rated as material under our Risk Framework, or that it was not identified for that asset.

Legacy assets and non operated joint ventures have been excluded from the analysis.

Legacy assets are to be included in the risk evaluations planned for FY2023.

The eighth risk in the table is a collation of material value chain risks with implications across the regions its position in the table does not indicate its level of potential impact relative to the other risks.

Water shortages impacting production, associated activities (e.g.

Flooding of mine and or key production infrastructure (e.g.

Workforce health and safety incidents due to extreme events (e.g.

Disruption and or damage to electrical infrastructure (e.g.

Our approach to TSF failure risk management at operated assets is multi dimensional and includes the following key elements: maintenance of dam integrity operation, surveillance and maintenance emergency preparedness and response TSF governance and standards and Group level oversight and assurance.

The Our Requirements for Tailings Storage Facilities standard is aligned to the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) and we contribute to efforts to improve TSF management across the mining industry, including through the ICMM Tailings Working Group.

For more information on our management of TSF failure risk refer to OFR 7.18.

We are working to incorporate climate risk management into the TSF life cycle and have conducted a detailed study on the potential impact of climate change on Laguna Seca TSF at Escondida.

We have a range of risk management measures for our water related risks, including consideration of climate change projections as relevant (and where available), covered in more detail at bhp.com water.

Per above, risk management measures for our water related risks are covered in more detail at bhp.com water.

We have developed internal guidance on incorporating climate change projections into mine water planning, hydrologic assessment and infrastructure design.

We are conducting a pilot study on quantifying the potential impact of this risk, to inform future value at risk assessments.

While our methodology is still under development, our intent is to support more effective decision making when prioritising capital investment in risk controls.

We maintain response plans for various scenarios that could impact our ability to access key markets, including physical disruptions of outbound supply chain logistics.

Stockpile and capacity management and use of weather forecasts are some of the tools that may assist in minimising operational disruption at our ports from weather and or climate related events.

We are undertaking more detailed evaluations of the potential climate change impacts for our port and coastal infrastructure, including at Port Hedland and Hay Point.

The Our Requirements for Health, Our Requirements for Safety and Our Requirements for Community standards, together with BHP’s Risk Framework, govern our health and safety risk management approach.

At our operating sites, we have weather detection monitoring (e.g.

Our sites also have Emergency Management Plans in place, and personnel trained in emergency response.

We aim to operate our critical equipment in accordance with industry best practice and ensure that critical equipment components are compliant with relevant design standards.

We have extensive inspection and maintenance routines, hold inventory of critical spares, and undertake detailed contingency planning, in order to remain resilient in the face of potential equipment failure or inefficiencies.

A number of our sites in FY2023 will evaluate the potential impact on electrical infrastructure of extreme temperatures under different climate scenarios.

Regular maintenance of water infrastructure, such as treatment plants, pipelines and tanks is critical to ensure that water is adequate for our operated assets, both in quantity and quality.

BHP requires our water infrastructure to be designed and constructed to meet internal and external standards.

We assess supply categories according to commercial dependency and supplier risk, both elements that have informed our selection of key value chain inputs for further evaluation of physical climate risk.

This work aims to minimise potential adverse impacts from physical climate risk in our value chain.

At our Spence copper asset, we have assessed supply chain resilience in relation to the impact that swells, extreme rainfall, earthquakes and tsunamis could have on the supply of diesel, sulphuric acid and supplies for concentrates.

The assessment identified specific mitigating controls for consideration by the asset.

The risk management column in the table describes our current approach, which is subject to review for new or additional climate related measures arising from the subsequent risk evaluation work program planned for our operated assets (including legacy assets) in FY2023.

To underpin the subsequent risk evaluation work program planned across all of our operated assets (including legacy assets) and key supply chain infrastructure, we have sourced projections of acute and chronic climate variables from a leading climate science consultancy.

The risk evaluation process will be a further step toward identifying and prioritising additional adaptation measures and reporting potential financial impacts in later years, including a value at risk range.

We have already allocated US 200 million to studies on physical climate risk prevention and mitigation measures at our Minerals Americas operated assets.

We have also identified a number of opportunities to adapt to the potential physical impacts of climate change, primarily related to improving operational efficiency and innovation, taking collaborative action to grow the resilience of our value chain, and supporting local communities and ecosystems.

In FY2023, we plan to undertake risk evaluations at our operated assets (including legacy assets) including assessment of chronic physical risks, implement any quick win’ adaptation actions and initiate studies on measures expected to require significant capital investment.

We also plan to further study prioritised value chain risks to understand with more specificity where risk is concentrated.

These actions are intended to contribute to addressing the climate related risks noted under the Inadequate business resilience risk factor in OFR 9.1.

We also intend to continue to build an understanding of how the communities where we operate may be impacted by future climate events and embed consideration of ecosystem based adaptation, to contribute to both climate resilience and BHP’s biodiversity commitments and goals.

Operational GHG emissions and energy consumption We recognise the role we must play in helping the world achieve its decarbonisation ambitions.

This includes reducing our operational emissions and working with our supply chains to reduce their emissions.

Looking to the future, our aim remains to position BHP to thrive in a low carbon world by minimising emissions from existing products while helping to provide commodities that the world needs to achieve a net zero future.

Refer to BHP’s climate change targets and goals’ for our operational emissions target and goal.

For more information refer to the BHP Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions calculation methodology available at bhp.com climate.

We review our performance against targets annually and consider opportunities to accelerate ambition regularly.

We have successfully achieved our short term target set in 2018 to maintain operational GHG emissions at or below adjusted FY2017 levels by FY2022, while continuing to grow our business.

Our performance against our short term target is described in Operational GHG emissions and energy consumption FY2022 performance’.

Our operational GHG emissions are measured against our target performance based on an operational control, market based methodology.

We also disclose operational GHG emissions by equity share and financial control in our ESG Standards and Databook available at bhp.com climate.

In FY2022, our operational GHG emissions were 15 per cent lower than the adjusted FY2017 baseline1 of 12.9 MtCO2 e on the basis of operated assets held by BHP as at 30 June 2022, demonstrating achievement of our short term target for FY2022.

In FY2022, total operational energy consumption decreased 4 per cent from FY2021.

This was largely driven by reduced energy use at Olympic Dam due to scheduled maintenance and reduced fuel consumption at our operated coal assets.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased 25 per cent from FY2021 primarily due to an increase in the renewable component of our energy consumption at Escondida and Pampa Norte in Chile.

FY2021 originally reported energy data that has been restated is 92 PJ distillate gasoline consumption, and 2 PJ other energy consumption, due to amended classification of petroleum based oils and greases to the other’ category.

FY2021 originally reported emissions data that has been restated is 10.0 MtCO2 e for Scope 1 GHG emissions and 16.2 MtCO2 e for total operational GHG emissions, due to minor amendments to fugitive emissions from the coal operated assets as part of the annual reconciliation process for Australian regulatory reporting purposes.

FY2021 and FY2020 Total operational GHG emissions (adjusted for divested operations)’ have been restated from 16.2 and 15.9 Mt CO2 e respectively due to the exclusion of Discontinued operations (Petroleum) and BMC (also see footnote 8).

Previously reported data excluded Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) only.

Additionally, non material adjustments in prior year asset level data and changes to presentation of the data has, in certain instances, resulted in minor impacts to the rounding of data since it was previously reported.

Consumption of fuel and consumption of electricity refers to annual quantity of energy consumed from the combustion of fuel and the operation of any facility and energy consumed resulting from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam or cooling by the company for its own use.

Data has been rounded to the nearest 1 PJ to be consistent with asset regional energy information in this Report.

In some instances, the sum of totals for sources, commodities and assets may differ due to rounding.

PPAs are in place specifying generation requirements, evidenced by Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) or supplier provided documentation in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 2 Guidance unless otherwise specified.

Renewable energy consumption at Escondida and Pampa Norte is currently sourced from invoice data some refinements may need to be made to renewable energy reported from these assets in the future.

Minerals Americas operated assets transitioned from IPCC Assessment Report 4 (AR4) to AR5 GWP in FY2022 all other operated assets transitioned in FY2021.

For more information refer to the BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions calculation methodology available at bhp.com climate.

Data has been rounded to the nearest 0.1 MtCO2 e to be consistent with asset regional GHG emissions information in this Report.

In some instances, the sum of totals for sources, commodities and assets may differ due to rounding.

Scope 1 emissions currently include diesel consumed in explosives some refinements may be made to emissions reported from this source in future.

Our Scope 2 GHG emissions have been calculated using the market based method, in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 2 Guidance unless otherwise specified.

A residual mix emission factor is currently unavailable to account for grid electricity emissions remaining after removal of quantities directly contracted between parties this may result in double counting of low emissions or renewable electricity contributions across grid supplied consumers.

Scope 2 emissions from Escondida and Pampa Norte are currently sourced from metered data some refinements may need to be made to emissions reported from these assets in the future.

Woodside completed on 1 June 2022) and Onshore US assets (sale completed on 31 October 2018).

Non material acquisitions and divestments are included in the total.

Production figures used are consistent with energy and GHG emissions reporting boundaries (i.e.

BHP operational control) and are taken on 100 per cent basis.

Energy Regulator in Australia, Saskatchewan Output Based Performance Standards (OBPS) program in Canada, and the distillate and gasoline emissions from turbine boilers at the cathode plant at Escondida covered by the Green Tax legislation in Chile.

FY2020 has been restated from 80 per cent due to changes in reported emissions at Australian Petroleum operations.

This figure is calculated by subtracting the number of carbon offsets retired, if any (each equivalent to a single tonne of CO2 e reduced or removed’ from the atmosphere) from the total GHG emissions reported under our operational control boundary for the year.

This is not intended to establish a recurrent approach.

More information on our approach to carbon offset use and the specifics of the carbon offsets retired in FY2021 is available at bhp.com climate.

BHP is committed to transparently disclosing the carbon offsets that we retire towards meeting our own climate change targets and goals.

We did not retire any offsets for this purpose in FY2022.

When comparing FY2022 to FY2021, this methodology change contributed 1.6 per cent of the overall 4 per cent reduction in our Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from methane.

Decarbonising electricity by switching to renewables at our operated assets is a priority decarbonisation lever for this decade, in addition to a focus on preparing the business for widespread diesel displacement in the 2030s.

The majority of our electricity supply is delivered via electricity networks and is accounted for as Scope 2 emissions.

We are currently working to reduce Scope 2 emissions via renewable energy PPAs, such as those already executed in Chile, Queensland, South Australia and grid connected sites in Western Australia.

Additionally, work is underway to decarbonise remote power demands in Western Australia either through PPAs with independent power producers or via behind the meter’ renewable energy installations where we self generate electricity in the Pilbara.

The Minerals Americas PPAs became operational in August 2021 and January 2022, with Escondida and Spence aiming to use 100 per cent renewable electricity by the mid 2020s.

Nickel West signed PPAs to provide its operations with renewable power, with agreements for the Flat Rocks Wind Farm, the Merredin Solar Farm and the Northern Goldfields Solar Project.

Diesel displacement represents the largest technical challenge to our decarbonisation pathway for operated assets in terms of the magnitude of GHG emissions abatement required, predominantly driven by consumption by our haul truck fleet.

We are taking steps now to accelerate the essential role that original equipment manufacturers must play in the development of new equipment to address emissions from our trucks and rail fleet.

Including the purchase of large scale generation certificates (LGCs).

Annual Report 2022 concepts for large scale haul truck electrification and charging systems.

In addition to progressing the availability of fleet solutions for zero emission material movement, we are working on readying the business for electrification of material movement by better understanding the energy balance associated with a fully electrified operation, quantifying future electricity demand and associated infrastructure requirements (e.g.

Although currently relatively small in relation to other emissions sources at BHP’s operated assets, fugitive methane emissions pose considerable technical and economic challenges for our abatement ambitions.

We are working closely with a range of leading organisations in technology, research and industry across the globe, to develop new approaches and address the issue collectively.

This includes investigating opportunities for improving the comprehensiveness and accuracy of methane emissions measurement.

Under current reporting requirements, we use a combination of direct measurement and default, production based factors for different coal mine methane sources.

While emerging satellite and aerial based sensing technology is providing new and potentially valuable perspectives, much more work is required to understand its practical application to geographically large, diffuse sources of very dilute methane such as open cut coal mines particularly in crowded neighbourhoods such as the Bowen Basin and Hunter Valley where numerous mines co exist in close proximity with a range of other significant industrial and agricultural methane sources.

Through studies and our capital allocation process, we seek to optimise the risk and reward proposition for operational decarbonisation projects to allocate capital and optimise decarbonisation at a portfolio level.

We have developed an internal marginal abatement cost curve designed to support the allocation of capital towards the most economically efficient and effective decarbonisation projects.

We regularly monitor our forecasted operational GHG emissions to check we are on track.

As a result of actions taken in recent years, particularly securing the supply of renewable energy at some operations, we achieved our short term target, for FY2022, and our currently projected performance in FY2030 is tracking to plan against our medium term target.

Progression of planned project studies are regularly reviewed.

Value chain GHG emissions We recognise the importance of supporting the climate transition in our value chain.

In 2020, BHP set Scope 3 emissions goals for 2030 to support decarbonisation for processing of our steelmaking products and maritime transportation of our products.

Refer to BHP’s climate change targets and goals’ for our goals and targets for Scope 3 emissions.

As a producer of materials that are essential building blocks of decarbonisation, BHP is supporting the global transition to a more sustainable development trajectory by evolving the solutions we provide to our customers and the solutions we procure from our suppliers and partners.

In FY2022, we progressed our work in supporting the steelmaking industry to accelerate decarbonisation.

Steel decarbonisation framework decarbonisation framework’ they are in.

This steel decarbonisation framework’ is designed by BHP to describe the technology pathways to decarbonising the global integrated iron and steel industry.

BHP’s customers in steelmaking are diverse, with some integrated steelmakers in the optimisation’ stage, focused on energy and process efficiency, increasing scrap ratios and raw materials optimisation.

Other customers are exploring transition’ stage solutions like alternative fuels, modified blast furnace (BF) operations, and end of pipe solutions like Carbon Capture and Utilisation (CCU) and Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS).

Some companies are investigating the viability of green end state’ technologies, such as hydrogen based direct reduction iron (DRI) with electric arc furnace steelmaking and direct electrolysis processes, like molten oxide electrolysis.

Our strategy to support steelmaking is to partner, innovate, advocate and supply the optimal products across these stages.

Access by steelmakers to higher quality metallurgical coal and iron ore products, which enables them to be more efficient and lower emissions intensity, is an important component of the transition to a low carbon future.

To support this, we are assessing the opportunity to implement beneficiation at our Jimblebar iron ore operation and metallurgical coal product improvements at our BMA operations.

In FY2022, BHP signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to partner with South Korean steelmaking company POSCO to study optimising coal coke quality for low carbon blast furnace operation and CCUS.

This is in addition to our existing partnerships with Baowu, JFE and HBIS.

Across the four partnerships, we are working with companies that represent approximately 12 per cent of reported global steel production capacity, covering 31 per cent of our direct sales in iron ore and 19 per cent in metallurgical coal in FY2022.

BHP has committed to invest up to US 75 million in research and development of steel decarbonisation pathways through these customer partnerships.

The goal of these partnerships is to support the maturation and scaling up of fit for purpose solutions across the steelmaking value chain in all stages of steel decarbonisation.

Conduct feasibility studies or lab bench scale research and development in priority areas.

Pilot scale trial, where we jointly test potential solutions to key technical challenges at a larger scale that is sufficient to understand the impact of raw material and operational parameters.

Trial at a customer plant, where we focus on optimal, high impact decarbonisation solutions for deployment on a limited basis at select sites.

In FY2023, we intend to progress a subset of existing customer partnerships on projects that in aggregate have the potential to deliver 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction if adopted at scale post 2030.

We will also continue exploring other partnerships that are complementary to our geographic or technology priorities, or that can help make existing projects more effective and efficient.

For instance, on 20 July 2022, we announced a new MOU with Tata Steel to collaborate on the use of biomass as a source of energy and the application of CCU in steel production.

Our strategy for supporting the maritime industry’s climate transition includes advocacy, adoption of low and zero emissions fuels or other efficiency technologies (like wind assisted propulsion) and deploying real time data analytics to optimise vessel and route selection to improve operational efficiency.

Advocacy: We signed the industry call to action with more than 150 other organisations urging governments to commit to decarbonising international shipping by 2050, surpassing the levels of ambition set out in the International Maritime Organisation’s Initial GHG Strategy.

This is in addition to the advocacy work we do with the Global Centre for Maritime Decarbonisation in Singapore, of which we became a founding member in FY2021.

Zero emission fuels: We joined the US Government’s First Mover’s Coalition, launched at COP26 in Glasgow, as a member in the shipping sector.

This means we commit to 10 per cent of BHP’s products shipped to our customers on our time charter vessels being on vessels using zero emissions fuels by FY2030.2 BHP has also formed a consortium with Rio Tinto, Oldendorff, Star Bulk and the Global Maritime Forum to analyse and support the development of an iron ore maritime green corridor, fuelled by green ammonia.

Transition fuels: We progressed use of LNG as a transitional fuel.

BHP has chartered the world’s first LNG fuelled Newcastlemax bulk carriers to transport iron ore from Western Australia to Asia from Eastern Pacific Shipping (EPS) for five years and awarded the LNG fuel contract to Shell.

The fuel, along with improved efficiency of the vessel design, is expected to reduce GHG emissions intensity by up to 30 per cent on a per voyage basis.

We have already operationalised two vessels and expect to deliver another three vessels in FY2023.

BHP is also exploring biofuels as an interim GHG emission abatement option for shipping.

In FY2022, we issued a Request for Proposal for procurement of sustainable certified (REDII or ISCC)1 biodiesel.

In FY2022, we conducted a survey and assessment of the climate positions of our top 500 direct suppliers, representing approximately 76 per cent of our spend.2 Through this study, we found that 27 per cent of the suppliers surveyed have Scope 1 and Scope 2 targets and or goals aligned with our own.

In the coming years, we intend to systematise our tracking and engagement of suppliers in relation to their public climate strategies.

In order to engage and incentivise our suppliers, we integrated climate commitments into our sourcing document and evaluation criteria.

We intend to continue to refine and integrate metrics related to incentivising positive climate outcomes from our suppliers going forward.

Scope 3 GHG emissions performance The most material part of BHP’s reported Scope 3 emissions inventory comes from the downstream processing of our products, in particular from the emissions generated by steelmaking through the processing of iron ore and metallurgical coal.

We estimate that in FY2022, emissions associated with the processing of our sold products was 307 MtCO2 e, an increase of 2 per cent from FY2021.

The increase comes primarily from an increase in the production of iron ore from Samarco.

After the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside, emissions associated with the use of our energy products is now only from energy coal,3 which in FY2022 was 38 MtCO2 e.

We are also progressing and improving our approach and methodology for GHG emissions estimations.

Categories 1 and 2 Purchased goods and services (including capital goods): We piloted switching the emissions estimation of high spend goods from select categories (including explosives, grinding media, conveyor belts, tyres, and select bulk materials) from spend based emissions factors to industry average quantity based emissions factors or emissions factors sourced directly from suppliers.

Categories 4 and 9 Upstream and downstream transportation and distribution: We successfully developed and operationalised a carbon accounting and decision support system tailored to ship chartering, leveraging DNV’s Veracity platform.

We increased the granularity of calculations for downstream emissions associated with the processing of our copper products, removing the double counting of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions previously present in our calculations.

Category 11 Use of sold products: BHP has historically marketed a small portion of BMA products against thermal coal indexes.

In FY2022, this portion was approximately 6 per cent, up from 2 per cent in FY2021.

For purposes of enhancing the transparency and accuracy of our Scope 3 emissions reporting, for FY2022 we have broken out the energy coal portion of BMA product.

The portion of energy coal in BMA’s product mix is influenced by both production and market forces we anticipate that assessments into improved product quality will support a reduction in BMA products marketed as thermal coal.

For more information refer to the BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions calculation methodology available at bhp.com climate.

Upstream transportation and distribution3 Business travel4 Employee commuting4 Downstream Downstream transportation and distribution5 Investments (i.e.

Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3 Standard).

Scope 3 GHG emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of the commodities we produce and consume.

For more information on the calculation methodologies, assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3 GHG emissions data refer to the BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions calculation methodology available at bhp.com climate.

In FY2022, we made further improvements in how we calculate Scope 3 GHG emissions associated with the Purchased goods and services (including capital goods)’ category by switching the emissions estimation of high spend goods from select categories (including explosives, grinding media, conveyor belts, tyres, and select bulk materials) from spend based emissions factors to industry average quantity based emissions factors or emissions factors sourced directly from suppliers.

Previously reported GHG emissions for the Purchased goods and services (including capital goods)’ category were 8.9 MtCO2 e in FY2021 and 8.8 MtCO2 e in FY2020.

Includes product transport where freight costs are covered by BHP, for example under Cost and Freight (CFR) or similar terms, as well as purchased transport services for process inputs to our operations.

In FY2022, we successfully developed and operationalised a carbon accounting and decision support system tailored to ship chartering, leveraging DNV’s Veracity platform.

This also resulted in a restatement of our maritime emissions in the Upstream transportation and distribution’ category for FY2021 and FY2020.

For FY2022, we have also added GHG emissions associated with inbound freight to this category of purchased goods that we transitioned to a quantity method in the Purchased goods and services (including capital goods)’ category.

Previously reported GHG emissions for the Upstream transportation and distribution’ category were 3.8 MtCO2 e in both FY2021 and FY2020.

In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we define our energy products as oil, gas and energy coal.

We account for metallurgical coal within the Processing of sold products’ category (within emissions from steelmaking).

In FY2022, we successfully developed and operationalised a carbon accounting and decision support system tailored to ship chartering, leveraging DNV’s Veracity platform.

This also resulted in a restatement of our maritime emissions in the Downstream transportation and distribution’ category for FY2021 and FY2020.

Previously reported GHG emissions for this category were 3.8 MtCO2 e in FY2021 and 4.0 MtCO2 e in FY2020.

In FY2022, all GHG emissions estimates from non operated assets were developed from data provided directly by operators.

The categorisation of Scope 3 emissions from Tamakaya Energ a SpA is under review and may change in the future.

Tamakaya Energ a SpA emissions for FY2021 and FY2020 have been restated to include emissions associated with Kelar Power Plant generation that was sold to the grid and to update data that was provisional in FY2021.

Due to the effective economic date of 31 December 2020 for the sale of BHP’s interest in Cerrej n, Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from Cerrej n are not included in FY2022.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from our Petroleum non operated assets are reported for the Rhourde Ouled Djemma (ROD) Integrated Development, Algeria up to the date of divestment of our interest in the ROD Integrated Development in April 2022, and for the other Petroleum non operated assets up to the completion date of the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside of 1 June 2022.

Previously reported GHG emissions for this category were 2.5 MtCO2 e in FY2021 and 2.6 MtCO2 e in FY2020.

Processing refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered immaterial compared to the end use product combustion reported in the Use of sold products’ category.

GHG emissions to BHP’s metallurgical coal is based on the global average input mass ratio of metallurgical coal vs iron ore to the blast furnace basic oxygen furnace (BF BOF) steelmaking route.

The GHG emission factor used to estimate Scope 3 GHG emissions reflects the blast furnace integrated steelmaking route into which the majority of BHP’s steelmaking raw materials portfolio is sold.

The estimation also considers BHP iron ore product quality and its impact on the amount of ore required to produce steel.

We will monitor and adjust, as required, the balance of intensity factors to reflect any evolution in our product quality and or flows through to other pathways (such as direct reduced iron electric arc furnace (DRI EAF)).

This does not have an impact on total GHG emissions reported from steelmaking due to the integrated nature of our calculations with our iron ore production volumes, and therefore does not impact the illustrative Total Scope 3 emissions (adjusted for divested operations)’ figure provided at the end of the table.

We now split our product volumes into copper concentrates that are processed into cathodes by third parties and our own copper cathodes, which are assumed to be processed into copper semi fabricated products.

This has also removed the double counting of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions previously present in our calculations.

This has resulted in a restatement of copper processing in the Processing of sold products’ category for FY2021 and FY2020.

Previously reported GHG emissions for copper processing in the Processing of sold products’ category were 5.0 MtCO2 e in FY2021 and 5.2 MtCO2 e in FY2020.

Our methodology covers downstream emissions from customers’ processing of BHP’s nickel products in four segments.

Based on sales data, we estimate emissions of (1) our nickel intermediates that goes to third party refiners (2) nickel metal that goes into stainless steel and alloys production (3) nickel metal that goes into nickel sulphate (NiSO4) for battery value chains and (4) BHP’s NiSO4 that goes directly into battery precursor active material production.

Historical emissions have not been retroactively reported as GHG emissions for nickel processing in the Processing of sold products’ category are estimated to be immaterial.

In FY2022, this portion was approximately 6 per cent, up from 2 per cent in FY2021.

For purposes of enhancing the transparency and accuracy of our Scope 3 emissions reporting, for FY2022 we have estimated the energy coal component of BMA production based on the percentage of BMA product marketed as thermal coal and associated GHG emissions and included that under energy coal in the Use of sold products’ category.

We have not restated energy coal emissions in the Use of sold products’ category for FY2021 and FY2020 as the energy coal component of BMA’s sales in those years is estimated to be immaterial.

We will continue to review the energy coal contribution from BMA in future years.

Due to the effective economic date of 31 December 2020 for sale of BHP’s interest in Cerrej n, Scope 3 emissions for customers’ processing of product from Cerrej n are not included in FY2022.

Energy coal, natural gas and natural gas liquids are assumed to be combusted.

Scope 3 emissions associated with customers’ use of energy products from our Petroleum business were reported up to the date of divestment of our interest in the ROD Integrated Development in April 2022, and up to the effective date of the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside of 1 June 2022 for the other Petroleum assets.

Due to the current methodology we use for estimating steelmaking emissions, the removal of BMC emissions does not impact the total for Processing of sold products’ category (also see footnote 9).

Due to the effective economic date of 31 December 2020 for sale of BHP’s interest in Cerrej n, Scope 3 emissions (on an equity basis) from Cerrej n are not included in FY2022 reporting.

As a result, the removal of Cerrej n only impacts FY2021 and FY2020 emissions totals for the Total Scope 3 GHG emissions (adjusted for divested operations)’ figure.

Natural climate solutions Investing in natural ecosystems is a cost effective and immediately available solution to mitigate climate change that often provides sustainability co benefits, such as biodiversity conservation, improved water quality or support for local communities.

We support the development of market mechanisms that channel private sector finance into projects that increase carbon storage or avoid GHG emissions through conservation, restoration and improved management of terrestrial landscapes, wetlands and coastal and marine ecosystems.

We focus on project support, governance, knowledge and innovation, and market stimulation for carbon credits generated by these projects.

BHP advocates for the development of efficient global carbon markets that facilitate high quality offsetting that is both cost effective and delivers broader sustainability co benefits.

We are an active member on several international carbon markets bodies including the International Emissions Trading Association and the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets.

BHP prioritises emissions reduction at our operated assets to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 target and goal, with investments in external carbon offset projects considered complementary to this structural abatement’.

Although we prioritise internal emission reduction, we acknowledge a role for offsets in a temporary or transitional capacity while abatement options are being studied, as well as for hard to abate’ emissions with limited or no current technological solutions, and where access to renewable energy is constrained.

BHP has five potential use cases’ for carbon offsets, to complement the structural emissions abatement that we prioritise (refer to the BHP Carbon Offset Use Cases’ table).

This includes contributing to our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emission reduction targets and goals and complying with emissions regulations (e.g.

Registered under an internationally recognised standard that independently verifies and issues voluntary carbon credits and or satisfies national carbon offset standards for compliance offsets.

Adheres to a robust emission reduction accounting methodology to provide assurance of the volume of emissions reduced through a project.

Demonstrates that the emissions reductions are additional to ensure that the emissions would not have been reduced in the absence of a carbon offset market.

Has a high likelihood of permanence to ensure the emissions reduction are ongoing and not reversed (e.g.

Provides robust mitigation against leakage ensuring an offsetting project does not increase emissions elsewhere (e.g.

We did not retire any of the offsets tied to that transaction against our own voluntary targets or goals.

For more information refer to bhp.com news media centre releases 2021 10 bhp and southwire collaborate for first carbon neutral copper cathode delivery.

Demonstrates high environmental and social integrity ensuring no broader social or environmental harm (e.g., hydropower projects that require forest clearing and community displacement).

Restrict early vintage years to avoid claiming emissions reduction from activities that occurred a long time ago typically this means not purchasing offsets with a vintage greater than five years.

BHP’s carbon offsets are from a variety of sources including (but not limited to) spot markets and project origination.

We see a role for offsets from solutions that remove atmospheric carbon as well as avoid emissions.

While we prioritise offsets from nature based solutions, we also consider the sourcing of offsets from engineered solutions.

BHP is committed to transparently disclosing the carbon offsets that we retire towards meeting our own climate change targets and goals.

We did not retire any offsets for this purpose in FY2022.

Engagement and disclosure Achieving the aims of the Paris Agreement will require supportive policy across jurisdictions globally.

The policy making process is complex, and change is unlikely to be smooth or linear.

We believe BHP can best support policy development by ensuring we meet our own climate targets, goals and strategies, continuing to make the case for the economic opportunities arising from the energy transition, and focusing on those policy areas where we are likely to have the greatest ability to influence change.

Our Global Climate Policy Standards clarify how our policy positions on climate change should be reflected in our own advocacy and the advocacy of the associations we belong to.

Over the past five years, we have introduced a range of measures to strengthen governance of our membership of industry associations and monitor their climate change advocacy.

More information on our approach to industry associations is available at bhp.com about operating ethically industry associations.

Annual Report 2022 and Climate Change, Dr Fiona Wild, has been a member since its inception in late 2015.

We published our Climate Change Report in 2020, and also participate in the CA100 Net Zero Carbon Benchmark (NZCB), which assesses the world’s largest corporate GHG emitters on their progress in the transition to the net zero future.

In September 2021, we published the CTAP, which sets out the steps BHP intends to take to reduce GHG emissions to net zero within our own operations and to pursue net zero in our value chain.

The CTAP received approval from 84.9 per cent of shareholders in the Say on Climate’ advisory vote at our AGMs in 2021.

We also engage on policy matters directly with government and through our membership of industry associations and issue specific coalitions and initiatives.

Examples of these engagements are provided at bhp.com and in the ’Climate policy engagement’ section of our CTAP.

Our TCFD aligned disclosures and information in support of our NZCB assessment can be found throughout this Report, in our BHP Climate Change Report 2020 and CTAP and at bhp.com.

For a navigator showing where to find relevant information in relation to the TCFD recommendations refer to TCFD index’ in OFR 7.1.

We strive to work with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders in the value chain to create social value through sustainable practices across the full life cycle of our products.

BHP takes a systems approach to value chain sustainability, designed to assess and work with others to improve the sustainability impacts of our upstream supply chains, inbound and outbound logistics, and our products as they move through extraction, processing and use.

In FY2022, BHP developed a sustainability standards strategy that defines our pathway for the implementation of responsible mining and sourcing standards.

The strategy is focused on the foundations needed to enable a more efficient adoption of standards to better position BHP’s participation in the sustainability standards landscape.

We also established a global sustainability standards team to enhance our systems and processes, integrate planning and enable a more strategic approach to the governance and implementation of sustainability standards across BHP’s operated assets.

This team also has accountability for sustainability reporting and disclosure, bringing together our work on sustainability standards and further strengthening our approach to transparency and standards across the value chain.

Accreditations Our Chilean operations Escondida and Spence, and Olympic Dam in Australia were awarded the Copper Mark during FY2022 to recognise their responsible production practices.

The Copper Mark is a voluntary assurance framework that independently assesses participants in 32 critical areas, including environment, community, human rights and governance issues for mining, smelting and refining operations.

Escondida, Spence and Olympic Dam also completed independent third party verification of self assessments against the ICMM Mining Principles and associated Performance Expectations.

The ICMM Mining Principles require member companies to conduct a prioritisation process to determine which assets will be subject to third party validation across a three year cycle.

All BHP’s operated assets have completed their self assessments and the external validation sequence has been determined in consideration of commitments made by BHP to other standards, such as Copper Mark and the LME Policy on Responsible Sourcing of LME Listed Brands, to enable operational efficiencies.

We recognise the importance of engaging in the sustainability standards ecosystem and we support simplification of the standards landscape and convergence of standards.

Using offsets to meet the target and goal that we have set for our operational emissions, as we work to decarbonise our business.

Working with our suppliers and customer on the use of offsets to supplement their focus on emissions abatement.Using offsets to comply with regulation in our operational locations, as we work to decarbonise our business.Offsets generated through our actions to develop global carbon markets, invest in nature and support communities to deliver social value.Bundling offsets into BHP product transactions to differentiate our products and supplement our customers’ focus on emissions abatement.

In FY2022, BHP disclosed aspects of our sustainability performance through the LMEpassport, which is the LME’s new digital credentials register to enable companies that trade LME listed brands to disclose their sustainability metrics and certifications at corporate, asset and brand levels.

BHP added information related to our copper and nickel LME registered products from Olympic Dam, Escondida, Pampa Norte and Nickel West.

Due diligence In FY2022, a cross functional team defined a clear scope and began developing a due diligence management system for our minerals and metals supply chain that aligns with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict Affected and High Risk Areas (OECD Guidance).

This means that, for our operated assets and our inbound supply chain of minerals and metals, BHP intends to adopt the OECD Guidance’s Annex I five step, risk based due diligence framework in the form of a new due diligence management system.

The new system will involve updating policies and procedures, and ensuring appropriate resources designed to identify, assess and manage risks in our minerals and metals supply chain where there is any origin, transport or trade association with conflict affected and or high risk areas.

Alignment with the OECD Guidance is a reflection of better practice supply chain due diligence and it is also a requirement under the responsible sourcing standards of leading mining and metals industry bodies, including the LME, the Copper Mark, the ICMM, and TSM.

In FY2023, we aim to finalise our OECD aligned due diligence management system and commence implementation of that system for our minerals and metals supply chain.

For more information about the scope of our OECD aligned due diligence refer to our Modern Slavery Statement 2022 to be published in September 2022 at bhp.com.

Emerging sustainability initiatives We also continue to identify sustainability related opportunities in BHP’s value chain.

We see traceability as a key enabler to lifting sustainability standards across the value chain.

In FY2022, BHP and leading US copper cable and wire manufacturer, Southwire, completed their first carbon neutral’1 copper transaction, involving delivery from BHP’s mines in Chile to Southwire’s processing activities in Georgia, United States.

The pilot forms part of a collaboration for BHP that reflects our Climate Transition Action Plan commitment to support industry to develop technologies for improved traceability and the pursuit of carbon neutral production.

Additionally, circular economy principles are an increasingly critical consideration for building sustainable supply chains in relation to our commodities that meet growing demand for our products, support goals to reduce GHG emissions and minimise the impact of mining and downstream processing on the environments and communities where we operate.

Across the business, we are working to identify opportunities that leverage our capabilities to create solutions that can contribute towards a circular economy.

Our actions and approach are governed by the Our Requirements for Community standard and Our Code.

Community understanding We understand our activities have the potential to create social, cultural, environmental and human rights impacts, both positive and negative.

To analyse the potential risks to communities where we operate, we conduct due diligence to better understand social and human rights contexts, work collaboratively with our community stakeholders, and look for opportunities to create social value.

As part of our due diligence processes, we conduct community perception research in local host communities for each of our operated assets every two years.

In FY2022, quantitative and qualitative surveys at all operated assets provided insights into the public’s general concerns and priorities as well as perceptions of mining sector and BHP performance.

Globally, community perceptions of our overall performance is positive, being on par or above average when compared to others in the sector in most markets.

We tend to be perceived as being safety driven, behaving in a way that promotes diversity and inclusion, having a positive relationship with the community, and providing opportunities for local employment and procurement.

The areas where people perceive room for improvement include exceeding regulatory requirements, doing the right thing by the environment, being a leader in water management and taking a more active role in the global response to climate change.

Our operated assets are also required to maintain annual stakeholder engagement plans and conduct regular engagement activities, including one on one meetings, multi stakeholder roundtables, issue based consultation and written communications.

These engagements provide a valuable space for more open and in depth dialogues with stakeholders on issues such as those raised in our community perception research, exploring mutually beneficial solutions and building trust.

Community events, complaints and grievances With no significant community events recorded as resulting from BHP operated activities in FY2022, our five year target of no significant community events between FY2018 and FY2022 has been met.2 There were 50 community concerns and 106 complaints (five of which were classified as grievances)3 received globally across our operated assets through our local complaints and grievance mechanisms.

This represented a total increase of 8 per cent from FY2021 figures.

The increase is attributable in large part to an overall rise in the level of community reporting, which we consider to be a positive sign that provides earlier opportunities to seek to address issues and understand sentiment to avoid or reduce the adverse impact and risk of escalation.

The two most common themes across BHP operated assets were concerns regarding: (i) the continued impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic and associated recovery initiatives and (ii) local employment.

In Chile, community concerns focused on environmental impacts and the overall sustainability of the mining industry, the development of local communities and the impacts of automation.

Complaints about contractor behaviour included claims that certain commitments were not honoured and some local Indigenous community stakeholders raised concerns about water resources in the high Andean wetlands and greater employment opportunities at Escondida.

In Canada, community concerns and complaints related to the increase in activity at the Jansen Potash Project, including routes of haul trucks and greater community support and local procurement opportunities.

In Australia, key community issues centred on local employment and associated skills and labour shortages, the impact on local procurement from supply chain delays, and our COVID 19 vaccination mandate with particular mental health and wellbeing concerns raised by Traditional Owners.

Community complaints also related to operational impacts, largely lighting, dust, noise, odour, emissions, blasting overpressure and vibration.

Following the announcement of the divestment of our interest in BMC, some local stakeholders focused on whether community support would continue under new ownership and the local Traditional Owners sought assurance that the Indigenous Land Use Agreement would be honoured by the new owners.

South Wales Energy Coal and intends to proceed with a managed process to cease mining at the asset by the end of FY2030 was received in a neutral to positive manner overall, with community stakeholders generally expressing support for BHP retaining the asset to a managed closure rather than selling to new owners.

Carbon neutral’ is not intended to imply certification under any standard or application of a particular methodology and includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.

More information on community is available at bhp.com community.

Our Human Rights Policy Statement (HRPS) details our commitment, including the additional issue specific frameworks we adhere to as well as the standards and processes set out for our people, business partners and other relevant parties.

Updates to the HRPS commenced in FY2022 to more clearly articulate how our human rights governance and due diligence approach is organised.

Our Code of Conduct (Our Code), which applies to everyone who works for us, with us, or on our behalf, includes a section on human rights.

Annual training on Our Code is mandatory and we provide an additional introductory human rights training video on our internal learning system and our website.

Corporate Affairs and Commercial who lead our operational and supply chain human rights practices completed further human rights training with an external expert to better support their capabilities to identify and manage human rights risks and potential impacts.

Our Directors also participated in human rights training, led by an external expert.

Given the scope, scale and nature of our business, our workforce health and safety conditions are an important focus area for human rights considerations.

OFR 7.4 Safety details the ongoing work to eliminate the risk of fatalities and injuries, create workplaces safe from sexual harassment, as well as improve our workplace culture through field leadership and contractor relationships.

OFR 7.6 Health details the ongoing work to prevent or mitigate occupational exposures and illnesses, address COVID 19 and support mental health.

It includes an emphasis on respecting human rights and is reviewed annually.

OFR 7.7 Ethics and business conduct describes how we apply Our Code and provides an update on progress related to transparency, accountability and anti corruption.

OFR 6 People and culture describes our approach to inclusion and diversity, gender balance and employee relations.

There are many human rights potentially relevant to the communities where we operate, including rights related to freedom of expression and self determination as well as economic, social and cultural rights, such as health and wellbeing, work, adequate housing and water and sanitation.

OFR 7.10 Community details our work to build and maintain respectful, mutually beneficial relationships with the communities where we operate.

OFR 7.14 Social investment describes how we seek to support key community priorities across our operational footprint through our voluntary investment to social and environmental initiatives.

We recognise our approach must be founded on a deep respect for the distinct rights, cultures, perspectives, aspirations and needs of Indigenous peoples.

OFR 7.13 Indigenous peoples provides an update on our Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.

We recognise climate change is a human rights issue, with potential risks to the fundamental rights to life, health, food and an adequate standard of living.

We continue to progress our climate targets, goals and strategies and implement our Adaptation Strategy, which includes a focus on building the safety, productivity and climate resilience of our operated assets, investments, portfolio, supply chain, communities and ecosystems by adapting to the physical risks of climate change.

OFR 7.8 Climate change details our ongoing work in this space.

We acknowledge the nature of our operations can have significant environmental impacts and those impacts can affect people and their human rights.

OFR 7.15 Environment details our overall approach to environmental management, including seeking to avoid, minimise and mitigate our adverse impacts and contribute to the resilience of the natural environment.

OFR 7.16 Water provides an update on our Water Stewardship Position Statement, which emphasises working with communities on shared water challenges, including water infrastructure, access, sanitation and hygiene.

OFR 7.17 Biodiversity and land provides an update on our work to develop a marine and terrestrial biodiversity framework for BHP and the revision and formalisation of our global level biodiversity strategy.

We recognise the failure of a tailings storage facility could result in adverse health and safety outcomes and environmental damage, potentially infringing on the rights to health, property, an adequate standard of living and at worst, the right to life.

OFR 7.18 Tailings storage facilities provides an update on our ongoing commitment to the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management and our aspiration to achieve zero harm from tailings.

We are reflecting these learnings in our internal governance standards and processes, which are planned to be updated in FY2023.

In FY2023, relevant risk owners and regional teams will work with our human rights subject matter experts to progress these opportunities for improvement.

We intend to also pursue opportunities to improve our overall due diligence process, such as enhancing our external human rights research, better highlighting stakeholder voices throughout our due diligence and better integrating human rights analysis into business planning cycles and our Risk Framework.

Our Modern Slavery Statement 2022, prepared under the Australian Modern Slavery Act (2018) and UK Modern Slavery Act (2015), provides additional information regarding the management of modern slavery risks for our operations and global supply network and will be available in September 2022 at bhp.com.

Response and remedy In FY2022, we continued to evaluate feedback from our stakeholders, external experts and internal teams on how to make our complaints and grievance mechanisms more accessible and our internal culture and processes more effective in identifying concerns that have a human rights connection.

We plan to embed this feedback in our approach by the end of FY2023.

We recognise our business activities create human rights risks and potential impacts across several different areas.

In FY2023, we will continue to integrate a human rights perspective when designing, implementing and evaluating our ways of working related to these issues.

The human rights signpost table highlights the priority areas identified by our human rights impact assessments and where key updates may be found in this Report.

The security risks we face are complex, constantly evolving and differ across the jurisdictions where we operate.

We seek to understand the physical security threats we face, to inform the development of security programs that protect our people within a dynamic and constantly changing external environment.

We use security controls and mandatory minimum performance requirements to reduce the likelihood of security risks materialising and mitigate their impact if they do.

We support this with external environment monitoring, including through our enterprise emerging risk process, to identify changes in the external environment that could shift our exposure to security threats across the jurisdictions where we operate.

BHP is committed to aligning with the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights and sets mandatory minimum performance requirements for our operated assets, to support implementation of these principles.

Responding to a rapidly changing external environment We are operating in an increasingly volatile, uncertain world, where the physical security risks we face are evolving from local criminal activity and asset protection risks to more complex transnational threats, which transcend traditional asset and jurisdictional boundaries.

Key emerging themes include social activism, international criminal enterprise, global terrorism and war.

We are also seeing the increasingly integrated nature of physical security with other risk areas, including the physical security threats that stem from cybersecurity risks or climate related risks.

These threats are developing against a backdrop of increasing anti government sentiment, inequality and political polarisation across the globe challenges that have been exacerbated by COVID 19.

To respond to this shifting external landscape, in FY2022 we established a new Group Security function, to provide additional expertise and support to the business and conduct assurance over security risk management globally.

Priorities for the function include revising our security framework, to refresh BHP’s mandatory minimum global security requirements and developing a consistent taxonomy for defining and categorising security threats.

This is designed to support robust security risk identification across our operated assets and functions.

The team will also build upon its existing network of intelligence sources in FY2023, by establishing an integrated approach to threat intelligence.

This will provide decision makers with a tailored and consolidated view of security insights and support risk informed decisions.

We are also enhancing BHP’s understanding of the key intersecting security risks that could impact us to provide an integrated view of potential vulnerabilities.

This will be complemented by the implementation of a structured global assurance program.

We also recognise our responsibility to develop partnerships based on respect and to pursue mutually beneficial outcomes.

These responsibilities are central to BHP’s Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.

First adopted in FY2015, this Framework has played a key part in guiding BHP towards being an organisation that engages meaningfully and respectfully with Indigenous peoples.

However, it has been several years since it was developed and during this time the external environment and BHP’s own purpose, strategy and operating footprint have significantly evolved.

Accordingly, BHP has undertaken a review of the Framework, informed by an extensive process of internal and external research and consultation, including extensive engagement with Traditional Owners and First Nations representative organisations, leading external experts, BHP employees and leaders, and several investors.

This review has identified a number of opportunities for BHP to further strengthen the Framework, so that it continues to be aligned with our purpose, advances across our mandatory minimum requirements for community and human rights, and our social value framework and new 2030 goals.

BHP agreement making processes are built on the core principles of good faith negotiation aimed at achieving consent, with a focus on understanding the historical, legal, social, cultural and political contexts relevant to Indigenous peoples in the areas where we operate or seek to operate and how our activities might impact the rights of potentially affected Indigenous peoples.

The newly established Global Indigenous Engagement and Community team continues to progress immediate opportunities for alignment and improvement initiatives across our operated assets and functions, globally.

New senior Indigenous leaders have been appointed and are actively working with the regional teams to support our approach to cultural heritage management, agreement making, procurement, employment and social investment all of which are core components of our Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.

BHP aims to be a partner of choice for Indigenous peoples through which our relationships contribute to their economic empowerment, social development needs and cultural wellbeing.

Indigenous peoples should derive significant and sustainable benefit from BHP operations through the effective governance and management of land access, cultural heritage management, agreement making and benefit distribution processes.

BHP seeks to contribute to the economic empowerment of Indigenous peoples through investment which provides opportunities for employment, training, procurement and Indigenous enterprise support.

BHP will seek to contribute to improved quality of life for Indigenous peoples through voluntary social investment, support for reinforcement and promotion of Indigenous culture and building the Indigenous cultural awareness of our workforce.

BHP will seek to contribute to specific initiatives, programs and public policy processes which advance the interests of Indigenous peoples consistent with the BHP Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement.

Minerals Australia Indigenous cultural heritage protections are a key component of our relationships with Indigenous peoples and our ability to operate sustainably.

We seek to ensure our standards are best practice and forward looking.

On 18 October 2021, the Commonwealth Joint Standing Committee on Northern Australia handed down its report into the destruction of Indigenous heritage sites at Juukan Gorge.

While there were no adverse findings or recommendations made specifically in relation to BHP, we are committed to understanding the lessons available from this extensive body of work.

Significantly, the finalisation of the Committee’s Report has coincided with important law reform in Western Australia.

The Aboriginal Cultural Heritage Act 2021 (WA) provides a revised framework for the recognition, protection, conservation and preservation of Western Australian Aboriginal cultural heritage.

The new Act repeals the outdated Aboriginal Heritage Act 1972 (WA) and removes the former section 18 approvals process.

In advance of this law reform, in FY2021, BHP confirmed to Traditional Owners that we would not act on existing section 18 approvals from the Western Australian Government without further extensive consultation with the Traditional Owners.

In the case of the South Flank project, BHP and the Banjima people established a Heritage Advisory Council.

In the period since, the Heritage Advisory Council has met many times to consider appropriate heritage management practices in the Central Pilbara and to record this common understanding in the form of Cultural Heritage Management Plans that will guide BHP’s operations at those locations.

We are committed to the making of land use agreements to formalise relationships in a manner that is responsive to the aspirations of Traditional Owners and in compliance with the law.

These agreements create partnerships designed to realise mutually beneficial outcomes.

Further to the Indigenous Land Use Agreement reached between BMC and the Barada Barna people in FY2021, in April 2022, BMC and the Widi people entered into a native title project agreement for shared country where both the Barada Barna and Widi peoples hold determined native title rights in the vicinity of BMC’s South Walker Creek Mine.

In assuming majority ownership and operational control of BMC, Stanmore Resources will be subject to this agreement and its commitments.

With our existing Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) having concluded in FY2022, we commenced the development of a new FY2023 FY2027 RAP.

In a commitment to moving beyond consultation, BHP has been co developing this new RAP with our stakeholders including, Traditional Owners, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander organisations, community partners and our employees across Australia.

This process has involved nine separate RAP forums held across Australia.

The new RAP will also align to and embed the principles of our Global Indigenous Peoples Framework.

BHP’s spend with Indigenous businesses has steadily increased over the past four years.

In FY2022, Minerals Australia saw an 75 per cent increase, to US 149.9 million, in our direct spend with Indigenous businesses across our operated assets compared to FY2021 levels.

Compared to FY2021 levels, we also increased the number of Indigenous businesses we directly procure from by 53 per cent.

In May 2022, we announced that WAIO intends to more than double its spend with Indigenous vendors to more than US 300 million by the end of FY2024, as it looks to create more opportunities for Indigenous businesses.

We also achieved a significant milestone in FY2022 by reaching our Australian Indigenous employment target of 8 per cent, three years ahead of schedule.

In FY2022, in support of efforts to ensure COVID 19 vaccination was accessible to Indigenous Australians, BHP provided A 2 million to Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Organisations (ACCHOs) across Australia.

These funds enabled Queensland, Western Australian, New South Wales and South Australian ACCHOs each to receive A 500,000 to distribute to their local Aboriginal Medical Service members or to collective programs that help local medical services accommodate demand.

This contribution builds on a donation of A 3.9 million in FY2021, which laid the foundation for partnerships between BHP and organisations in the Indigenous led health sector as COVID 19 emerged.

Minerals Americas In line with our Indigenous Peoples Plan for South America, we seek to work closely with the communities where we operate to make a positive contribution, including through reaching agreements with local communities.

We created and resourced a new Minerals Americas Indigenous Engagement team to centralise accountability for Indigenous engagement.

This promotes alignment across our regions of operation and enables us to share standards and processes designed to support Indigenous communities affected by our existing operations.

Operating and Financial ReviewGovernanceFinancial StatementsAdditional Information 7 Sustainability continued within the Americas.

At Escondida, we continued to advance the implementation of the agreement concerning the environmental sustainability of the Salar de Punta Negra, signed at the end of FY2021 between Escondida, the Chilean Attorney General’s Office, the Peine Atacame o Indigenous community and the Council of Atacame o Peoples.

Key governance mechanisms have been established and the terms of reference for the conduct of technical studies are currently under development.

At Cerro Colorado, as part of the Indigenous consultation process for operational continuity of this asset, we reached agreement with the San Isidro de Quipisca Indigenous agricultural association.

Within the framework provided by the Opportunity Agreement Development Plans, FY2022 saw BHP support the advancement of electrical infrastructure that benefits approximately 80 rural families within the Parca Aymara Indigenous community.

Across our Chilean assets, FY2022 delivered steady increases in our levels of Indigenous workforce participation with representation reaching 8.7 per cent at year end.

In total, BHP’s regional annual spend with Indigenous business for the period was US 9.2 million.

In Canada, following the approval of our Jansen Potash Project in Saskatchewan, we continued our commitment to strengthening our Indigenous relationships and engagement practices with those Indigenous communities impacted by the project.

There are six primary First Nations in the vicinity of the Jansen Potash Project.

BHP has entered into Opportunity Agreements with all six.

Two of these agreements were targeted for refresh in FY2022.

In the period, we finalised the review of our Opportunity Agreement with the Fishing Lake First Nation and reached an agreement in principle with regards to refreshing our Opportunity Agreement with the Beardy’s Okemasis’ Cree Nation.

The Opportunity Agreements we have entered with our Indigenous partners continue to provide a governance framework and a platform to enable economic participation.

In support of the Canadian Government Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s calls to advance the process of reconciliation in Canada, we plan to develop our first RAP for Canada in FY2023.

The RAP will be designed to enable BHP to address the needs and interests of Indigenous communities within our direct area of influence.

The RAP is expected to be co developed with the stakeholders we seek relationships with, using similar principles to the process undertaken in Australia.

Resolution Copper Resolution Copper Mining is owned by Rio Tinto (55 per cent) and BHP (45 per cent) and managed by Rio Tinto.

We acknowledge the Resolution Copper project area includes areas of cultural significance for Native American Tribes and their members.

Development of the project continues to be studied and remains subject to regulatory reviews by federal, state and local governments.

Resolution Copper Mining continues to cooperatively engage in these regulatory processes and has publicly stated its commitment to deepening ongoing engagement with, Native American Tribes and other stakeholders to understand and seek to mitigate potential negative impacts.

We are monitoring and supporting Resolution Copper Mining’s engagement processes.

Our long standing commitment is to invest not less than 1 per cent of pre tax profits1 in voluntary social and environmental initiatives.

For FY2023 FY2030, our social investment will be assessed as a total over the seven year goals period to FY2030, rather than calculated as an average of the previous three years’ pre tax profit.

Annual Report 2022 investment performance in the last five years saw BHP fund US 681.4 million in projects with a continued focus on good governance, human capability, social inclusion and environment.

For more information on our performance against these and other targets refer to OFR 7.3.

In FY2022, our voluntary social investment totalled US 186.4 million, an increase of 7 per cent compared with FY2021.

This investment consisted of US 99.4 million in direct community development and environmental projects and donations, US 14.5 million equity share to non operated joint venture social investment programs, a US 52.4 million donation to the BHP Foundation and US 1.5 million under the Matched Giving Program.

Administrative costs2 to facilitate direct social investment activities totalled US 16.1 million and US 2.5 million supported the operations of the BHP Foundation.

More information on social investment, including case studies and other initiatives to support communities where we operate is available at bhp.com.

With our most recent five year sustainability targets completing in FY2022, BHP developed new 2030 goals to further lift our ambitions as we look to the end of the decade.

They represent a shift towards partnership, listening and co creation, and recognise that addressing challenges like community and environment resilience requires close community and stakeholder collaboration.

For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR 2.2.

The 2030 goals are intended to be complemented by a continued commitment to social investment of at least 1 per cent of pre tax profit in addition to our direct operational decision making and financial contributions.

We intend to continue to report annually our contribution to social value through our social investment.

The BHP Foundation The BHP Foundation is a charitable organisation established and funded by BHP that blends ambition, transformational partnerships and business acumen to catalyse new solutions to some of the world’s most complex social and environmental challenges.

The BHP Foundation partners with NGOs and international institutions with the goal of driving systemic change.

Globally the Foundation focuses on the governance of natural resources, environmental resilience and education equity.

These global programs are complemented by the Foundation’s country programs in Australia, Canada, Chile and the United States which work towards improving long term, economic, social and environmental sustainability at a national level.

We aim to enhance human capability and social inclusion through education and vocational training and skills development.

We aim to contribute to environmental resilience through biodiversity conservation, ecosystem restoration, water stewardship and climate change mitigation and adaptation.

We aim to contribute to the understanding, development and sustainable use of resources to support communities to be more adaptive and resilient.

The Foundation’s focus is complementary to the social investment work of BHP.

Healthy environment: the Great Barrier Reef Foundation’s Resilient Reefs Initiative has been recognised by UNESCO as a model for successful resilience based coral reef management and will be promoted as a global model for the management of all World Heritage listed reefs.

Safe inclusive, and future ready workforce: UN Women’s Second Chance Education project is providing more than 90,000 marginalised women access to quality learning, entrepreneurship and employment opportunities.

Open Contracting Partnership works with governments and key stakeholders to ensure money flowing from natural resource wealth is converted into better outcomes for citizens, for example, the implementation of open contracting in Chile has reduced the cost of some medicines.

Australia’s Narragunnawali: Reconciliation in Education program has resources and tools for schools and early learning services to contribute to the reconciliation movement.

Approximately 10,000 Australian schools and early learning services registered to develop a Reconciliation Action Plan on the Narragunnawali platform.

Through our support, 22,401 people completed education or training courses in digital, technology, leadership and or problem solving initiatives.

Over 10,469 of these participants were Indigenous people and 7,583 were women.

We made 131 investments in nature based solutions.

We contributed to improved management of approximately 8 million hectares.

Through our support, 940 organisations enhanced their internal capability to be able to support and deliver solutions that contribute to building efficient and sustainable communities.

Our operations and growth strategy depend on obtaining and maintaining the right to access environmental resources.

However, with growing pressure on and competition for these resources, and with climate change amplifying certain sensitivities of our natural systems, our environmental performance and management of our environmental impacts on the communities where we operate is critical to creating social value.

This is recognised in our social value framework where the objective under our healthy environment goal is to create nature positive outcomes by having at least 30 per cent of the land and water we steward under conservation, restoration or regenerative practices by 2030.

At every stage in the life cycle of our operated assets, we seek to avoid, minimise and mitigate our adverse environmental impacts in line with our defined risk appetite.

We recognise our activities have an environmental footprint and commit to making voluntary contributions to support environmental resilience across the regions where we operate.

Our Group wide approach to environmental management is set out in the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard and our mandatory minimum performance requirements for risk management.

These standards have been designed taking account of the ISO management system requirements, including ISO14001 for Environmental Management Systems, and set the basis for how we manage risk, including realising opportunities, to achieve our environmental objectives.

The Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard requires us to take an integrated, risk based approach to managing any actual or reasonably foreseeable adverse and positive impacts (direct, indirect and cumulative) on biodiversity, land, water and air.

This includes establishing and implementing environmental risk monitoring and reviewing practices throughout our business planning and project evaluation cycles.

In addition to the broader environment specific components, the standard includes climate change related requirements for our operated assets.

To support continuous improvement, each of our operated assets is required to have an Environmental Management System (EMS) that aligns with ISO14001 standards and set target environmental outcomes for biodiversity, land, air and water resources that are consistent with the assessed risks and potential impacts.

Target environmental outcomes are included in the life of asset plan and approved by the relevant Asset President or equivalent.

We verify our EMS by ISO14001 certification (for sites currently holding ISO14001 certification) or through our internal assurance processes.

In FY2022, no significant environmental events resulting from BHP operated activities were recorded, resulting in our five year public target of no significant environmental events between FY2018 and FY2022 being met.

During FY2022, we successfully delivered the full suite of five year environment related sustainability targets.

BHP joined the Taskforce for Nature related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) Forum (a group of organisations that support the TNFD Member Group) in recognition of the increasing awareness and understanding needed on nature related risk and the implications for the resilience of economies and society.

More information on our environmental approach, the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard, and our environmental management and governance processes is available at bhp.com sustainability.

Contributing to a resilient environment Biodiversity is essential to maintain healthy ecosystems and the clean air, water and productive landscapes and seascapes we all need to survive and thrive.

We are seeing an increasing societal focus on the urgent need to reverse current trends in biodiversity loss and protect vital ecosystems that are the foundation of the world’s economic security.

As a global resources company, we acknowledge we have a role to play in contributing to environmental resilience both inside and outside our footprint.

Operating and Financial ReviewGovernanceFinancial StatementsAdditional Information 7 Sustainability continued social investment strategy and our work with strategic partners and communities.

In June 2022, we expressed our aspiration via our 2030 healthy environment goal (described above) to create nature positive outcomes.

Nature positive’ is a high level goal and a concept describing a future state of nature (e.g.

Our collaborative work with strategic partners, including Conservation International, and local communities is focused on contributing to enduring environmental and social benefits through biodiversity conservation and ecosystem restoration, water stewardship and climate change mitigation and adaptation.

Our preference is to invest our voluntary social investment funds in projects that contribute to cultural, economic and community benefits in addition to environmental resilience.

Since FY2011, we have invested more than US 95 million of our social investment funds in voluntary environmental resilience initiatives outside our operational area.

This funding is in addition to our investment in day to day environmental management activities relating to our operations.

More information on the environment and our environmental projects is available at bhp.com environment.

Our focus on environmental resilience is complementary to the work of the BHP Foundation under its Environmental Resilience Global Program.

More information is available at bhp.com foundation.

Water is also integral to what we do and we cannot operate without it.

In FY2017, we adopted a Water Stewardship Strategy to improve our management of water, increase transparency and contribute to the resolution of shared water challenges.

Our Water Stewardship Position Statement was developed in FY2019 and outlines our 2030 vision.

Fresh water’ is defined as waters other than seawater, wastewater from third parties and hypersaline groundwater.

Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources of potential value to other users or the environment.

Annual Report 2022 to align with the ambitions of our business and society, and developed our new 2030 healthy environment goal.

We recognise our responsibility to effectively manage our interactions with and prevent or minimise our adverse impacts on water resources.

Effective water stewardship begins within our operations.

We work to reduce stress on water resources from our operations and to collaborate with others on challenges and opportunities like water scarcity or high variability in water supply.

We have achieved our public sustainability target to reduce FY2022 freshwater withdrawal1 by 15 per cent from FY2017 levels2 across our operated assets.

Our FY2022 result demonstrated a 29 per cent reduction on our adjusted FY2017 baseline.

Achievement of the target is primarily due to the gradual replacement of groundwater sources with desalinated water for our Escondida operations.

This resulted in the cessation of groundwater withdrawal for operational water consumption from the Salar de Punta Negra aquifer in 2017 and from the Monturaqui aquifers in FY2020.

This cessation was 10 years ahead of schedule and involved an investment of around US 4 billion in large scale desalination capability.

For more information refer to bhp.com news case studies 2020 09 breaking the water energy nexus.

Our global freshwater withdrawals from FY2017 to FY2022 are shown in the chart below.

While minimisation of freshwater withdrawal will remain important for us, in some of the regions where we operate it may not be the key water related risk.

In recognition of the variation of challenges and opportunities across the regions where we operate, we committed in our Water Stewardship Position Statement to developing context based water targets (CBWTs).

These CBWTs are intended to contribute more effectively to addressing the shared water challenges in our operating regions.

During FY2022, we engaged third parties to review publicly available information and engage with stakeholders to identify shared water challenges through Water Resource Situation Analyses (WRSAs).

We also began development of CBWTs for each of our operated assets, which are informed by BHP’s view of water related risks in the catchments and by the shared water challenges identified in the WRSAs.

The WRSAs are expected to be made publicly available to support continued collaboration between stakeholders in the shared water resources of our operating regions.

During FY2023, we intend to publicly release CBWTs for our operated assets and from FY2023 we will report publicly on progress against the CBWTs.

More information on the WRSAs is available at bhp.com water.

Water accounting and reporting We report on water metrics and on the management of water related risks on our water webpage, in line with the ICMM’s Water Reporting, Good Practice Guide (2nd Ed) (ICMM guidance) and the Minerals Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework (WAF).

Generally, these reporting frameworks align with the reporting requirements of the GRI Standards and the CEO Water Mandate.

More information on water accounting and reporting of metrics required by the ICMM guidance is available at bhp.com water and in our BHP ESG Standards and Databook available at bhp.com sustainability.

In FY2022, we merged our Petroleum business with Woodside and divested our interest in BMC.

Data for the Petroleum business and BMC has been excluded from the FY2017 baseline and annual performance data for our FY2018 FY2022 public sustainability targets for our withdrawal of freshwater (together with our occupational exposures and GHG emissions) to ensure ongoing comparability of performance.

We continue to collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate1 to support the development of catchment scale resilience as part of our commitment to strengthen transparency and collaboration across all sectors for improved water governance.

We also continue our collaboration with the University of Notre Dame (United States of America) to develop an approach to water management that considers the human rights to access water.

As reported in our Annual Report 2021, in August 2021 an individual commenced an environmental damage action against Cerro Colorado alleging that Cerro Colorado’s water extraction from the Lagunillas aquifer has damaged the aquifer and a nearby lagoon and wetlands.

Following a series of injunctions in February 2022, new orders were received that permit water extraction, subject to ongoing monitoring of aquifer water levels.

If the conditions are complied with, the orders permit four staged and gradual increases through to the expiry of the current environment licence in FY2024.

The hearing for the environmental damage action was held in April 2022 with the outcomes still pending.

In March 2022, the Chilean Environmental Regulator (SMA) sanctioned Escondida, concluding it had breached its environmental permit from 2005 until 2019, causing irreparable environmental damage due to its water extraction from the Monturaqui aquifer.

Escondida’s infraction was classified as very serious’, and the SMA imposed a fine of approximately US 8.3 million.

Escondida has lodged a reconsideration motion before the SMA.

A decision on the reconsideration motion before the SMA is expected in the second half of 2022.

Appeal rights remain an option following the decision.

An environmental damage claim was lodged by the Attorney General’s Office (AGO) against Escondida, Albemarle and Compa a Minera Zald var (the latter two being other companies that extract water (or previously extracted) from the Monturaqui aquifer) before the First Environmental Court of Antofagasta during FY2022.

The AGO alleges the defendants’ extraction of water from the Monturaqui aquifer has caused environmental damage.

The Peine Community (an Indigenous community) has lodged a claim against Escondida based on the same facts.

Both claims have been consolidated into a single proceeding.

Escondida filed its answer to the claims on 15 June 2022.

More information on our approach to water stewardship, progress against our Water Stewardship Strategy, water performance in FY2022 and case studies on activities we are undertaking to progress towards meeting our water stewardship vision is available at bhp.com water.

In FY2022, we continued to report on water volumes for those operated assets classed by the World Wildlife Fund Water Risk Filter as being located in areas of high or extremely high water stress.

The disclosure of water data in high stress areas is required by several reporting frameworks, including the ICMM guidance.

In FY2022, freshwater withdrawal from those operating assets in high or extremely high water stress areas made up approximately 15 per cent of our total freshwater withdrawals.

During FY2021, BHP contributed to improving mining sector water reporting through participation in the ICMM Water Working Group to strengthen the ICMM guidance and align it with the GRI requirements.

The most significant change for BHP of applying the 2021 update of the ICMM guidance was that the guidance recommends (non mandatory) reporting of the annual change in water storage volumes.

We have taken the first step to implement this recommendation by including changes in water storage volumes in our asset water accounts for those operated assets where water storage changes are considered material.

In FY2022, we assessed which sites may have changes in water storage volumes that were material to their water management our coal operated assets (where changes in water storage are the most material within BHP) were a particular focus.

In line with our commitment for continuous improvement of our water accounts and data, we continued to review assumptions for accounting for water storage, and other metrics, in asset water models and water balances, recognising that water modelling and balances contains a degree of uncertainty which must be understood.

We have now included reporting of material water storage changes across BHP, but note the accuracy of this metric (as for other metrics that we reported for many years) is expected to continue to improve in the forthcoming years as our knowledge and understanding grows.

We continue to seek to minimise our withdrawal of high quality water.

In FY2022, seawater continued to be our largest source of water withdrawal, representing 61 per cent of total withdrawals, predominantly for desalination at Escondida.

Groundwater remained our most significant non sea water source in FY2022, at close to one fifth of total water withdrawals.

In FY2022, approximately 75 per cent of our water withdrawals consisted of water classified as low quality.

The definitions for water quality types is available in section 2.2.4 of the WAF.

Endorsers of the CEO Water Mandate commit to continuous progress against six core elements of stewardship and in so doing understand and manage their own water risks.

Companies that endorse the Mandate agree to continuous improvement in six core areas of their water stewardship practice: Direct Operations, Supply Chain Watershed Management, Collective Action, Public Policy, Community Engagement and Transparency.

As at 30 June 2022, we owned or managed more than 8 million hectares of land and sea however, just under 2 per cent is disturbed (physical or chemical alteration that substantially disrupts the pre existing habitats and land cover) for our operational activities.

The area we own or manage has decreased by 8 per cent from FY2021, predominantly due to the merger of our Petroleum business with Woodside.

At each of our operated assets, we look to manage threats and opportunities to achieve our environmental objectives.

We apply the mitigation hierarchy (avoid, mitigate, rehabilitate and, where appropriate, apply compensatory measures) to any potential or residual adverse impacts on marine or terrestrial ecosystems.

We respect legally designated protected areas and commit to avoiding areas or activities where we consider the environmental risk is outside our risk appetite.

We do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed properties.

We do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties, unless the proposed activity is compatible with the outstanding universal values for which the World Heritage property is listed.

We do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to the boundaries of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Areas Categories I to IV, unless a plan is implemented that meets regulatory requirements, takes into account stakeholder expectations and contributes to the values for which the protected area is listed.

We do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to ecosystems that could result in the extinction of an IUCN Red List Threatened Species in the wild.

We do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river or marine environment.

Our operated assets are required to have plans and processes that reflect local biodiversity risks and regulatory requirements.

We revised and formalised a global level biodiversity strategy in FY2022 that outlines our purpose and strategic priorities, and is designed to inform operational decision making across the full life cycle of mining operations at our operated assets.

The global level strategy provides a clear direction that aligns asset level biodiversity and land objectives and supports delivery of the new 2030 healthy environment goal.

For more information on our 2030 goals refer to OFR 2.2 and 7.1.

In FY2022, we delivered our most recent five year sustainability target related to biodiversity.

Operating and Financial ReviewGovernanceFinancial StatementsAdditional Information 7 Sustainability continued of our actions, in collaboration with others, which has been tested at all our operated assets, and contribute to the management of areas of national or international conservation significance exceeding our disturbed land footprint, also known as the area conserved’ target.

The application of the biodiversity framework is intended to enable us to monitor the impacts of our activities and the effect of our management responses on biodiversity in a consistent way across BHP’s operated assets.

The biodiversity framework was developed with the support of Conservation International and Proteus, a cross sector partnership between the UN Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP WCMC) and business.

For our area conserved’ target, the total land set aside for conservation on land where we operate and other land we steward was 65,870 hectares in FY2022.

In addition to these conservation areas, we made several voluntary investments over the target period, including to the Terrebonne Biodiversity Resilience Project (a coastal restoration project in Louisiana) and the Martu Living Desert Project in Australia (support for management and conservation activities on Martu Country).

Under the Conservation International and BHP alliance, Conservation International supported an assessment of whether these projects could contribute towards achievement of this target and found that the area that could reasonably be claimed was 4,465,260 hectares.

Given BHP’s FY2022 total disturbed land footprint was 149,312 hectares, our area conserved’ target has been achieved by our operational and voluntary conservation investments over the target period.

In addition, we signed a grant agreement in FY2022 with Conservation International to pilot a framework to improve marine and coastal protections and enhance resilience (known as the Seascape Approach’) in Fiji, with the aim of enhancing resilience of coastal Indigenous communities and Lau’s marine and coastal ecosystems.

This is expected to be a significant investment in marine biodiversity conservation in Fiji’s eastern islands of the Lau Province and its surrounding waters.

The agreement is aligned with the longer term goal released in FY2018 of supporting actions aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals 14 and 15.

More information on our approach to biodiversity and land management and current performance is available at bhp.com biodiversity.

Our aspiration is to achieve zero harm from tailings and we will continue to work with others and share our progress in an effort to make this a reality.

In 2015, after the tragic failure of the Fund o dam at Samarco, BHP initiated a Dam Risk Review to assess the management of major TSFs.

January 2019 further strengthened our resolve to reduce TSF failure risk.

For information about the Samarco tragedy and our progress with the response refer to OFR 8.

Governance and the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management We are committed to the 2020 Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) and are working to implement the requirements in line with the timelines outlined by the ICMM.

Our Tailings Storage Facility Policy Statement has been published on our website, outlining our commitment to the safe management of TSFs, emergency preparedness and response, recovery in the event of a failure and transparency.

Delivery of the GISTM implementation plans was a priority in FY2022 and we made notable progress across our operated assets, which was tracked and reported to the Sustainability Committee.

As part of our commitment to GISTM and continuous improvement in tailings management, we conducted a mid implementation review that confirmed we are on track to achieve conformance in line with the ICMM timelines.

We also implemented our Accountable Executive (AE) model, whereby AEs are direct reports of the BHP Chief Executive Officer and answerable to the Sustainability Committee as stipulated in GISTM’s requirements.

The AEs cover both direct operational accountability for BHP’s TSFs as well as an AE accountable for oversight of BHP’s TSF governance framework.

AEs are accountable for the safety, environmental and social impacts of TSFs.

Front line employees are the first line (under our three lines risk management model) and manage the day to day operations and safety at site, while connected via regular communication to the relevant AE.

We continued to progress work on TSF failure risk management in FY2022 with a focus on the delivery of the risk remediation plans completed in FY2021.

These plans are in addition to the range of ongoing governance activities we have in place to ensure effective management of TSF failure risk, including Dam Safety Reviews, Independent Tailings Review Boards and project specific Independent Peer Reviews.

Key risk indicators (KRIs) set by management help to monitor performance of our TSFs in dam integrity and design, overtopping flood management and emergency response planning.

These KRIs have been updated to align to the GISTM.

For more information on BHP’s approach to risk management including KRIs refer to OFR 9.

Strategy Our short term strategy continues to focus on improving KRI performance in line with defined targets.

We are completing studies at our operated assets focused on reducing and mitigating potential downstream impacts particularly to populations at risk (PAR).

The studies resulted in a diverse range of options to reduce PAR exposure at our TSFs or mitigate TSF failure risk.

With this information our assets optimised the design and execution of their risk remediation plans, which collectively are intended to materially reduce PAR across the portfolio in the short to medium term.

Our medium and long term strategies focus on the development of technologies to improve tailings management and storage, which we believe are important in our aspiration of zero harm from tailings.

Asset specific strategies have been developed for all our operated assets (including legacy assets) and seek long term alternative tailings solutions.

In addition, while our non operated joint ventures (NOJVs) are independently controlled and have their own operating and management standards, we encourage NOJVs to consider long term alternative tailings solutions as an option in asset planning.

Industry collaboration As part of our commitment to achieving zero harm from tailings, we are accelerating transformative approaches and technologies through a wide range of initiatives in collaboration with external industry partners.

In FY2022, Future Tails (which is an initiative focused on training, education, research and best practice guides in the tailings management space that is supported by BHP, Rio Tinto and the University of Western Australia) established training programs tailored to executives, operators and technical tailings engineers.

These have been positively received by the industry.

A consortium of industry peers was formed in FY2022, to jointly conduct focused research on tailings innovation solutions and share results and learnings.

Expansion of the program is planned for the coming years to bring in additional industry partners and represents a significant opportunity for industry knowledge and capability uplift.

As part of this program, we have created partnerships with Rio Tinto and the University of Melbourne designed to both develop novel tailings dewatering technologies and mitigate the risk involved in the large scale application of known tailings dewatering technologies.

Dewatering is a sustainable approach to tailings processing that supports our public commitment to reduce water usage.

The BHP Tailings Challenge received over 150 applications from 19 countries in FY2022 and following a rigorous assessment process, two finalists were selected to progress solutions for repurposing tailings into fertiliser and construction material.

The program will continue through FY2023 culminating in an on site pilot ahead of full solution development.

Transparency We fully support the GISTM and are working towards implementation at our sites.

We have prioritised and actioned a phased disclosure approach towards conformance, starting with an update to our previously published Church of England Disclosure1.

We have contributed to improvements in tailings storage management across the mining industry, including through the ICMM Tailings Working Group.

Canadian Dam Association, Australian National Committee on Large Dams, Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Minerals Council of Australia, Mining Association of Canada, Society for Mining, Metallurgy and Exploration, and Fundaci n Chile.

We have continued to participate in the Investor Mining and Tailings Safety Initiative, an investor led engagement convening institutional investors active in extractive industries, including major asset owners and asset managers.

We continued our work to fulfil our commitment to provide detailed, transparent and integrated disclosure of TSF management in FY2022.

In addition to our work with industry partners to support the development of credible and meaningful disclosure standards, we have sought to enable the consistent application of these in our own business through the development and rollout of our Sustainability Standards Portal.

The portal is a data platform to integrate multiple ESG standards, simplify data management for our assets and further strengthen the process, data quality and governance improvements achieved to date.

Operated and non operated tailings portfolio The classifications described in this Report align to the Canadian Dam Association (CDA) classification system.

The TSF classification is one element of TSF risk management, but does not represent risk itself.

It reflects the modelled, hypothetical, most significant possible failure and consequences without controls.

It does not reflect the current physical stability of the TSF and it is possible for TSF classifications to change over time, for example, following changes to the operating context of a dam.

The TSF classification informs the design, surveillance and review components of risk management.

Therefore, TSFs with a higher level classification will have more rigorous requirements than TSFs that have a lower level of classification.

As at 30 June 2022, there were 71 TSFs2 at our operated assets, 28 of which are of upstream design.

Of the 71 operated facilities, none are extreme and a further 20 are classified as very high.

The three facilities classified as extreme in FY2021 have been reclassified to a lower consequence classification following the completion of risk mitigation works this year.

In FY2022, two TSFs were removed from the operated TSF portfolio following the divestment of our interest in BMC and one new active TSF, a low consequence, upstream facility at Olympic Dam, has been added.

A substantial portion of our inactive portfolio (56) at our assets is due largely to the number of historic tailings facilities associated with our North American legacy assets portfolio.

More information on the risk reduction work underway for high consequence classification facilities is provided earlier in the Governance and Strategy sections and online, including in our case studies.

There are 10 TSFs at our NOJVs, which are all located in the Americas.

The three active TSFs are located at Antamina in Peru, which is of downstream construction, and two TSFs at Samarco in Brazil, Alegria Sul TSF, which is co mingled dry stack, and Alegria Sul Pit, an in pit TSF.

These include two upstream facilities at Samarco (Germano) in Brazil (that are being decommissioned following the February 2019 rulings by the Brazilian Government on upstream dams) three upstream inactive facilities and one inactive modified centreline facility at Resolution Copper in the United States and one downstream inactive facility at Bullmoose in Canada.

In FY2022, two NOJV TSFs at Cerrej n in Colombia were removed from our TSF portfolio following the sale of the asset.

In April 2019, the Church of England Pensions Board and the Council on Ethics Swedish National Pension Funds wrote to approximately 700 mining firms to request specific disclosures of their tailings facilities.

In FY2022, four TSFs were removed from the BHP TSF portfolio following the sale of our interests in two assets: two TSFs at Cerrej n (NOJV) in January 2022 and two TSFs at BMC (operated joint venture) in May 2022.

One new, active TSF, TSF 6 at Olympic Dam, has been included.

It is important to note that the classification is based on the modelled, hypothetical, most significant failure mode and consequences possible without controls, and not on the current physical stability of the dam.

Hamburgo TSF is not considered a dam and is, therefore, not subject to CDA classification.

Other’ includes dams with a raising method that combines upstream, downstream and centreline or are of in pit design.

Inactive’ includes facilities not in operational use, under reclamation, reclaimed, closed and or in post closure care and maintenance.

BHP’s identification and reporting of its material sustainability issues, risks and opportunities described within the BHP Annual Report 2022 and online at bhp.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions as reported in section 7 of the Operating and Financial Review within BHP’s Annual Report 2022 and ESG Standards and Databook, referenced above.

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that suggests the Limited Assurance Subject Matter has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined above.

In our opinion, the Reasonable Assurance Subject Matter is prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined above.

Emphasis of Matter We draw attention to section 7 of the Operating and Financial Review within BHP’s Annual Report 2022 and related disclosures online at bhp.com water in which BHP describes the uncertainty associated with water modelling techniques, and consequent process improvements that have been undertaken throughout the reporting period and are proposed going forward.

Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Key responsibilities EY’s responsibility and independence Our responsibility was to express limited and reasonable assurance conclusions on the noted subject matter as defined in the what we assured’ column in the tables above (Subject Matter).

We were also responsible for maintaining our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) and have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.

BHP’s responsibility BHP’s management was responsible for selecting the Criteria and ensuring the Subject Matter was appropriately prepared to present its content fairly, in all material respects in accordance with that Criteria.

This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, adequate records and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.

Our approach to conducting the Review We conducted our procedures in accordance with Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000), the Standard for Assurance on Greenhouse Gas Statements (ISAE 3410) and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with BHP on 27 January 2022.

We adapted our approach to undertaking our procedures in response to COVID 19 travel restrictions and social distancing requirements.

Site visits’ were undertaken virtually by video conference.

The performance of the year end corporate review procedures at head office was also conducted remotely and was supported through the use of collaboration platforms for discussions and delivery of requested evidence.

For our reasonable assurance of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, selecting key items and representative sampling based on statistical audit sampling tables and agreeing to source information to check accuracy and completeness of performance data, which included invoices, metre calibration records and metre data.

We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable and limited assurance conclusions.

Other Matters We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information relating to prior reporting periods, including those presented in the Subject Matter.

Our report does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by BHP relating to future performance plans and or strategies disclosed in BHP’s Annual Report 2022, ESG Standards and Databook, and supporting disclosures online.

While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.

Our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within IT systems.

Limited and Reasonable Assurance Procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.

Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

While our procedures performed for our reasonable assurance engagement are of a higher level of assurance, due to the use of sampling techniques, it is not a guarantee that it will always detect material misstatements.

Use of our Assurance Statement We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons other than management and the directors of BHP, or for any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.