We have been talking about the importance of balance an opportunity to extend our margin of superiority, for some time in the context of needing to deliver further grow categories, and create more value.

It is not just top and bottom line growth consumers to reduce their footprint, and help society that must be delivered and balanced.

We must also solve some of the most pressing global challenges.

The needs of each of these constituents must be met.

Governance (ESG) areas, where expectations among all stakeholders are growing.

We are committed to an equal, diverse and inclusive organization and culture one which brings forth the best ideas and innovations needed to win with consumers and customers and for each other.

We do this best when we have a pipeline of outstanding and diverse talent at every level and an environment that supports each of us in being our full and authentic selves.

People increasingly rely on us to deliver superior thing to do, but because it also can improve income solutions that are sustainable.

Our world requires that and wealth equity for more people, creating more we do our part in this regard.

This challenge is also purchasing power, which drives market growth.

The work we do in communities around the world to support people in difficult times is one of the most tangible ways we have immediate positive impact as a company.

In the ever more complex world we live in, it’s not just top and bottom line that must be balanced.

We must endeavor to balance the needs of consumers, need, we help to improve lives.

These actions, as well customers, employees, society and the rest of our Citizenship efforts, are also part of what employees are proud of and value in P G, helping us attract and retain the best talent.

They set a high standard for each P G person and require that we hold ourselves and each other accountable for results and, equally important, for how we achieve those results.

Last year, we added an ESG factor to our annual incentive compensation program for our senior executives as shareowners.

Serving and balancing these needs will not be easy, but it is necessary and those that do it best, as I expect we will, should thrive.

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) progress toward our long term ESG goals.

You can areas, and we’ve built Citizenship into how we do business every day.

P G people are inspired, feel valued and rewarded, and continue to grow while they build the business and help improve lives in the communities where we live and work.

Olay’s easy open lid made a meaningful difference to consumers who sometimes aren’t being served.

It was so humbling to see people’s excitement and why I love my job.

I enjoy collaborating with impassioned individuals to create sustainable innovation that drives growth and will influence the entire CPG industry.

Together, with our trusted brands we bring groundbreaking innovations to benefit consumers around the world and grow our business.

I believe that business decisions are inherently environmental decisions.

In business, we can help change the world just by being thoughtful about the innovations we prioritize, the materials we use, and the partners we work with every day.

I’m motivated to work for P G because of the strong ethical standards, values and principles expected from both the leadership and my colleagues.

We’re all about doing the right thing and are committed to being A Force for Growth and A Force for Good.

That’s why our people and our brands do acts of good every day to help communities grow.

For generations, we’ve stepped up to ensure we are serving consumers, supporting employees and helping the communities in which we live and work through unexpected challenges by providing the brands people count on to take care of their daily cleaning, health and hygiene needs.

Our brands help bring a sense of normalcy in uncertain times and are uniquely positioned to help people, especially those in underserved communities who are disproportionately impacted in times of crisis.

Being a good corporate citizen is core to who we are as a Company.

It remains a priority now and in the future, as we are committed to improve the lives of people around the world, each and every day.

Around the world, nearly a billion people struggle each day to have clean drinking water, often as a result of natural disasters.

Through our Children’s Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) Program, we have been providing clean drinking water to communities with P G’s innovative Purifier of Water packets.

Working in collaboration with more than 150 global advocacy and implementing partners, we have reached our latest milestone delivering 20 billion liters of clean drinking water to children and families without safe drinking water in over 90 countries.

William Cooper Procter, grandson of P G’s founder, is often credited with being the original driving force behind P G’s long standing support of the United Way.

The United Way has been part of our corporate culture for over 80 years.

Today, P G is consistently one of the largest contributors to the non profit’s annual fundraising campaign in Greater Cincinnati and many more communities where P G people live and work across the Americas.

We’ve stepped up to help our hometown community by donating more than 10 million to the United Way of Greater Cincinnati campaign.

P G has a long history of supporting Habitat for Humanity with resources and employee volunteers.

Habitat for Humanity brings people together to build homes, communities and hope.

Improving water and sanitation conditions for families in Argentina.

Supporting older women and victims of domestic abuse by refurbishing a women’s refuge in the United Kingdom.

Providing access to hygiene and sanitation facilities for school children to reduce absenteeism in Kenya.

For generations, P G and our brands have united to support consumers and communities through unexpected challenges, emergencies and in times of need.

P G has responded to more than 30 disasters across the globe with financial support, products and services to meet these unexpected needs.

P G Pampers plant and Distribution Center is located.

In addition to donating products, the Pampers plant remained operational and made space to accommodate rescue workers, fire brigade and Red Cross volunteers.

The plant gave access to shelter, bathrooms, electricity and internet to the public, and resources like electricity and clean water.

P G partnered with GlobalMedic, a local disaster relief organization, to provide free laundry services through the Tide Loads of Hope program.

I am proud that our Company and employees are always willing to step up and support employees worked together to provide support.

Millions of people have been affected by the war in Ukraine, a majority of them women and children.

Provided millions of everyday essentials, including.

Established a matching fund drive which was diapers, shampoo, toothpaste, toothbrushes, and supported by thousands of P G employees in other cleaning, health and hygiene products to more than 40 countries people displaced from their homes.

Our P G colleagues in Central Europe have stepped their efforts to provide access to clean water, food, up in so many ways since the earliest days of this shelter, and health and care services in Ukraine and crisis providing transportation from the border, neighboring countries.

Some of our partners include GlobalMedic, IFRC, International Medical Corps, Matthew 25: Ministries, Save the Children and Water Mission.

I’m so proud how we immediately helped, while simultaneously working to safely resume our operations and continue serving people across the region who depend on our products every day.

We have offered diverse tools and flexible policies to our employees to help manage the challenges of working and living during a pandemic, including a focus on mental wellness.

Smile) program in Brazil, bringing oral care products to support the epidemic prevention services to vulnerable communities when and control work in Shanghai and Guangxi.

We aspire to create a company and a world where equality and inclusion are achievable for all, creating value and driving growth for our employees, through our brands, with our partners and in communities.

We are committed to honoring the individuality and unique contributions of our people and ensuring that every single employee shows up to work as their whole, authentic self and feels safe in doing so.

We believe this makes P G not only a great place to work but also a stronger company because it is through diversity of thinking that we become more in touch with the consumers we serve.

To holistically serve consumers in ways that matter and resonate with them, we need to create the kind of diverse and inclusive culture that has been proven, time and again, to give life to the best thoughts and ideas.

Meet P G employees from around the world and learn how they’re unleashing their full potential to make an impact on equality and inclusion.

We strive to be a company and create a culture that reflects the diversity of the billions of people we serve around the world, in company leadership and at every level.

We will achieve our goals by expanding and accelerating our ability to recruit, retain and develop a globally diverse organization.

We have set stretching, achievable and meaningful representation aspirations.

While we continue to make progress in many areas, we know we can do more.

See more disclosures and learn about our progress toward our Equality Inclusion goals on our website.

We’re making our brands more accessible in store, providing product information via NaviLens, a QR code technology for the visually impaired.

The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates 6 10% of people in Europe are living with a disability.

P G Beauty realized these consumers weren’t fully enjoying the products and content that we offered and decided to act on it.

We started by making our communication accessible by adapting our commercials and influencing digital media platforms to adopt accessibility features such as enabling audio description on YouTube videos.

Two of our brands Head Shoulders and Olay were recognized as the most accessible brands in beauty for website accessibility.1 We also made our brands more accessible to in store shopping, providing people with sight and cognitive impairments access to product information via partnerships with NaviLens a QR code technology for the visually impaired and The Royal National Institute for the Blind.

Through these actions, we are making progress on our journey to make our brands, products and content accessible to all.

We’re inspiring others to employ more women in manufacturing, logistics support and media production.

Just as we know a diverse organization across Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa.

Several participants have become P G’s external so does a diverse supply chain.

We are committed business partners or suppliers and accelerated to increasing our global spend with diverse and their own business growth thanks to their newly women owned and led businesses to 5 billion acquired skills.

This also has had a ripple effect annually by 2030.

In September 2021, we shared throughout the region.

We have many great partners to enable this, including WEConnect International.

Inspired by P G’s aspiration, many of our suppliers, agencies, and partners have employed more women in key positions within their organizations, including roles in manufacturing, logistics support, and media production, where gender bias has limited opportunities for women in the past.

As we use our voice to bring visibility to the uniqueness of the consumers we serve, we continue to respectfully portray communities through accurate and authentic representation in our advertising.

Asian American Pacific Islander (AAPI) community, P G released a new film The Name, as part of an integrated campaign to inspire conversation and encourage people to learn how to say AAPI names, because feeling a sense of belonging in society starts with one’s name.

We released The Name as part of an integrated campaign to encourage people to learn how to say AAPI names.

Accompanied by educational resources and tools at pg.com names, the film elevated the importance of a name, and how meaningful gestures like pronunciation and understanding its meaning can create a greater sense of belonging for us all.

A new Snapchat filter let parents announce and celebrate their new baby’s name, while the Pampers Snapchat AR Storybook program now includes books about the significance of AAPI names, allowing parents to celebrate these names with their little ones as they grow and read together.

P G continued its long term support of the LGBTQ community with our third annual Can’t Cancel Pride benefit Proud AND Together.

P G brands like Charmin, Dawn, and Tide proudly joined in with more than 16 million people watching this year.

Environmental sustainability is embedded in how we do business.

It is core to our purpose of improving lives now and for generations to come.

We are committed to improving people’s lives with irresistible superiority that is sustainable.

We create value by making sustainability an integral part of our vectors of superiority, building on the strength of science based pillars Climate, Waste, Water and Nature.

We are building transformative partnerships to help solve some of the world’s most pressing global challenges where we can make the biggest difference.

P G’s Ambition 2030 supports our brands’ ability to provide irresistible superiority that is sustainable to improve lives now and for generations to come.

Learn more about how we are bringing this to life.

Our Ambition 2030 goals support our company and brand’s ability to positively impact our homes, our communities and our planet.

At its foundation is improving the livelihoods of people across our operations, supply chain and the communities we serve.

We are continuing to create products that encourage responsible consumption, reduce our manufacturing footprint, and strive for more circular approaches in our supply chain.

This will require partnership across the private, nonprofit and public sectors and involve every aspect of our business.

To learn more about our projects and partnerships around the world, please visit Mapping Our Impact.

At P G, we set a new ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our operations and supply chain, from raw material to retailer by 2040.

P G’s Climate Transition Action Plan covers the entire lifecycle emissions of our products and packaging, across supply chain, operations, consumer use of our products, and product end of life.

Our comprehensive approach to accelerating climate action also includes navigating the key challenges ahead.

We continue to drive progress towards our emission reductions in operations exceeding our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions target and accelerating our purchase of renewable electricity.

Scope 1 and 2 GHG, we are developing solutions at pilot manufacturing sites that we can scale globally toward our Net Zero 2040 ambition.

For more detailed information on emissions, including Scope 3, please visit our ESG portal.

Note: Location based Scope 2 emissions in 2022 were 2,323,446 metric tons.

While 2022 transportation results showed a slight increase to emissions intensity, our efforts to increase intermodal transportation and optimize container fill rates yielded improvements in finished product freight emissions intensity.

These advancements did not overcome industry wide ocean freight supply chain disruptions.

We are optimistic that our further acceleration in key regions and a normalizing global landscape will drive reductions over the coming year.

Further quantitative progress will be reported in 2023.

We are prioritizing cutting our operational emission as much as possible.

For residual emissions that cannot be eliminated, we will use natural climate solutions that remove and store carbon.

You can read more about progress toward this goal in our nature pillar.

NASA needs a low resource laundry solution to help enable deep space exploration.

P G’s Tide brand is eager to learn how to clean effectively with less water to help protect our home planet.

In 2020, Tide formally signed the multi year Space Act Agreement with NASA.

Tide to Go Pens and Wipes have also completed testing aboard the ISS to understand the cleaning power of the brand’s ingredients in microgravity.

We can’t wait to continue exploring how to apply the results of these tests for laundry solutions on Earth and beyond.

Plastic waste in our environment is a serious problem, especially when it ends up in our rivers and oceans.

It’s a complex global challenge that requires a comprehensive, collaborative approach across the entire plastics lifecycle.

Addressing this challenge and driving greater circularity for plastics will require collaboration across multiple stakeholders, including industry, governments, civil society and academics.

While plastic can provide packaging material reductions, product protection, and lower greenhouse gas emissions from transportation, we must use and reuse it responsibly.

At P G, we are working to design all our consumer packaging to be recyclable or reusable by 2030.

We are inventing and scaling new recycling solutions, using alternative materials, and partnering externally to help catalyze waste management infrastructure to improve access to collection keeping plastic in use and out of nature.

Our brands, suppliers and partners continue to collaborate on a range of sustainable solutions and on driving circularity so that plastic is collected, recycled and reused.

P G considers packaging to be recyclable if there is at scale collection, sorting, processing, and end markets for the material and format in at least one geography.

We do not consider waste to energy and conversion to fuels as suitable end markets.

This more our packaging to reduce our reliance on virgin plastic sustainable box is now available in every P G region and ensure that existing materials are better utilized.

However, the quality of post recycled resin does not appearance at shelf and full recyclability.

Our corporate R D teams developed a process to drastically improve the quality of recycled polypropylene (PP) plastic.

This plastic resin accounts for roughly 20% of the plastic used in our packaging and has the potential to significantly increase our use of recycled content.

VersoVita , takes nearly all the imperfections out of the resin and returns it to near virgin quality.

VersoVita Circular Polymer Purification available for license to plastic manufacturers globally so they can produce high quality recycled resin to better meet industry demand and reduce plastic waste.

Our efforts to advance the state of recycling through innovation paired with external collaborations via licensing and supporting industry wide efforts are truly advancing the circularity and reuse of plastic resins.

At P G, we want to help build a water positive future that can sustain people and nature, now and for generations to come.

Our comprehensive strategy includes reducing water in our operations, restoring water in water stressed areas, and responding to water challenges through innovation and partnerships.

In 2022, we set goals for 2030 to restore more water than is consumed1 at P G manufacturing sites in 18 water stressed areas around the world and to restore more water than is consumed2 when using P G products in high water stressed metropolitan areas of Los Angeles and Mexico City, recognized as a first of its kind commitment.

We will achieve these goals through partnerships and restoration projects that improve, manage and protect water resources.

Our new goals and projects focus on addressing the water that does not go back to local systems from our operations and, for the first time in our industry, from consumer use of products.

A Water Positive Future requires widespread solutions from manufacturing, to rethinking how people use water and P G products in homes, communities and cities, to restoring water for people, wildlife and nature.

To us, restoring water means improving, managing or protecting water.

Using WRI Aqueduct’s Baseline Water Stress indicator, we identified 18 priority basins experiencing chronic water stress.

Each area contains a P G facility and is located within a top P G market where more than 20% of the population is living in a high water stress basin.

Cascade is helping to reduce daily water use in households across the U.S. by encouraging people to skip pre rinsing dishes and run the dishwasher every night.

Contrary to popular belief, the dishwasher uses four gallons of water per cycle, while the sink can use the same amount in just two minutes.

In addition to its work to help consumers save water at home, Cascade joined the Change the Course initiative to support water restoration projects in the U.S.

Do it every night campaign is helping advance a water positive future.

Households can save of water per week by using the dishwasher.

At P G, we are committed to the long term health of natural ecosystems that are essential to people, biodiversity and our business.

Our efforts start with ensuring responsible sourcing of key commodities like wood pulp, palm oil and paper packaging that reflects our commitment to responsible sourcing and respecting human, labor and land tenure rights in our supply chains.

We also go beyond our direct supply chain to protect, improve and restore ecosystems in more places, where it matters most.

We are partnering and investing in nature based solutions to positively impact more than 1.5 million acres of land, balance any remaining carbon emissions from our manufacturing operations this decade, and enable positive outcomes for people and biodiversity.

We are committed to responsible sourcing in our palm, wood pulp and paper packaging supply chains.

Continued to maintain 100% third party certified wood pulp.

Responses received by publication of this report represent 95% of total supply.

We do not expect remaining 5% to materially impact reported results.

P G is committed to playing a positive role within the communities and environments in which we live, work and source our materials.

Smallholder farmers grow close to 40% of all palm fresh fruit bunches globally.

P G is committed to working with these farmers to enable them to transform their livelihoods through more efficient and sustainable farming practices.

Centre for Sustainable Smallholders, with the aim of enrolling 8,000 smallholder farmers within five years.

Research has shown that natural climate solutions can deliver up to one third of the GHG reductions needed this decade to mitigate climate change, while also benefiting people and nature.1 While we continue to reduce our GHG emissions as much as possible, we are also advancing natural climate solutions to balance our Scope 1 and 2 emissions we cannot eliminate this decade.

These nature based projects will help protect and restore forests, and other ecosystems, essential to the people and wildlife that rely on them and call them home.

Landscape (ML), located on the island of Palawan in and removal goals.

This project would not be possible the Philippines.

The ML is comprised of tropical forest and mangrove areas, including the largest terrestrial area protected on the Palawan Island.

The ML is a vital habitat for more than 1,000 plant and animal species.

Protection and restoration of ML forests without the full partnership of the Indigenous peoples, local communities, and land tenure holders.

Learn more about our nature projects and partnerships.

On UN World Wildlife Day 2021, we announced the first of our palm conservation and protection projects.

The focus is on four forest linkages one in Belum Temengor, one in Sungai Yu, and two around the Cameron Highlands.

The project applies an integrative approach to environments, biodiversity, people and communities who rely on agriculture and palm.

P G continues to make progress on our commitment to keep forests as forests for generations to come.

Here are some highlights of our actions, including of both environmental and social values of forests.

We prefer Forestry Stewardship Council (FSC) groups, over the last year.

In the sourcing certification, which is seen as the most robust system.

Supplies of FSC wood fiber are limited, yet our paper businesses set a bold goal to achieve over 75% FSC certification by 2025, with a 2030 of our paper products, for every tree used, at least ambition of 100% FSC .

And we are going beyond partnering with FSC and our suppliers to increase FSC certified lands.

P G is also working alongside suppliers, certification bodies, NGOs, governments and other stakeholders to advocate for permanent protection of Intact Forest Landscapes (IFLs) and caribou habitat.

Guar is a natural ingredient with many uses in personal care products like shampoos and lotions.

Create a new Johad (community owned in India, expanding the program’s reach and rainwater storage pond) to supply water impact into 24 new villages.

Support the establishment of a new Farmer of good agricultural practices.

Double the scale of support for women, by training and empowering 1,800 additional women farmers, including workers and members of farming households and entrepreneurs.

One of the critical goals of Responsible Beauty is ensuring the responsible sourcing of priority ingredients of natural origin, including 100% RSPO certified palm oil kernel oil and derivatives, by 2022.

Building on 185 years of experience, we know that a sustainably strong business depends on maintaining strong ethics, compliance and quality standards.

P G people are our greatest asset, and around the world, our people live out our Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs) each and every day, leading and guiding our business decisions.

Our people tell us every year that our PVPs are a key reason why they love to work at P G. The strength of our PVPs continue to create a strong culture, ensuring that we continue to be a Force for Growth and a Force for Good.

For our Citizenship work to be credible and impactful, it must be firmly rooted in our Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs).

Most critical though is that our PVPs and standards come to life, by forming the basis through which our employees work to improve consumers’ lives every day.

As we serve the world’s consumers, we are committed to doing what is right and being a good corporate citizen.

We are thoughtful when establishing principled governance practices across all that we do.

This ranges from the design of our organizational structure and leadership culture to our daily commitment to operational discipline, which impacts every action and decision that our employees take from sourcing quality, safe and ethically produced ingredients to distributing products that prioritize safety, transparency and well being.

It requires us to be thoughtful about the communities and stakeholders with whom we work and impact.

Ultimately, our approach to leadership in Ethics Corporate Responsibility is our commitment to earn your trust every day.

Logos are property of their respective owners used with permission.

P G provides extensive information on its goals, results, policies, and practices.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this report, including statements relating to our environmental sustainability, equality and inclusion, and other ESG targets, estimates, projections, goals, commitments, and expected results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are generally identified by the words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, opportunity, plan, project, will, should, could, would, likely and similar expressions.

Forward looking statements are based on current assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors of the Form 10 K included in our 2022 Annual Report.

Such forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements, except as required by law.

The information in this report covers the period of July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022.

Questions related to this report can be directed to mediateam.im pg.com.