In a time of ongoing war, global sanctions and economic through the Firm’s 30 billion Racial Equity Commitment.

For the customers and clients of the Firm, our the globe, while also accelerating the development and transi term journey for the Firm, and we are already thinking of work is impactful in good times and is particularly important tion to afordable, reliable and lower carbon energy solutions.

Message from Our Chairman through challenging times.

Feature: 2.5T Sustainable Development Target and to weather the pressure of each day while making strides toward our long term eforts at sustainable growth and bring ing value to our shareholders.

Our people drive our success, and it is through their ingenu ties associated with a successful transition to a low carbon ity, excellence and integrity that we seek to build a prosper economy.

In 2022, we continued to act on our goal to align ous business.

We are targeting 1 trillion by the space for our employees.

This year’s ESG Report explains how we leverage our business and expertise to help address economic and societal chal lenges, primarily by supporting our clients and providing tar innovative technologies.

And we are minimizing the environ mental impact of our physical operations across thousands of branches, as well as our data centers and corporate ofces.

Our work has seldom been more challenging, or more important, than the last several years.

JPMorgan Chase employees, over 290,000 of us, persevere with a grace and fortitude that makes me proud.

Our business is stronger when our economy is more inclusive.

We are striving to advance economic inclusion around the right for our customer and communities, not to chase the lat world, including our eforts to help close the racial wealth gap est fads or trends.

The Firm is a leader in investment banking, fnancial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, fnancial transaction processing and asset man agement.

U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients.

JPMorgan Chase’s activities are organized, for management reporting pur poses, into four major reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate segment.

The Firm’s consumer busi ness is the Consumer Community Banking ( CCB ) seg ment.

This ESG Report is designed to consolidate and summarize our branches, ATMs, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking.

Middle Market Banking covers small and midsized companies, local govern more detailed information about specifc topics of interest.

Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card ments and nonproft clients.

Corporate Client Banking covers large corporations.

Commercial Real Estate Banking covers investors, developers, and owners of multi wise noted.

Home Lending family, ofce, retail, industrial and afordable housing properties.

Card Services issues credit cards and ofers travel services.

Auto originates and services auto loans and leases.

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) reporting standards.

Asset Management ofers multi asset investment management solu frameworks’ indicators and recommendations.

CIB, which consists of Banking and Markets Securities Services, ofers a broad tional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients’ investment needs.

The Global Private Bank provides retirement products and services, brokerage, cus sury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations, tody, estate planning, lending, deposits and investment management to high net investors, fnancial institutions, merchants, and government and municipal entities.

The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios.

Banking ofers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital rais ing in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication.

Corporate also includes Payments, which provides payments services enabling clients to man age payments and receipts globally, and cross border fnancing.

Markets Securi ties Services includes Markets, a global market maker across products, including cash and derivative instruments, which also ofers sophisticated risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research.

Markets Securities Services also includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds.

Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, mon itoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding, capital, structural inter est rate and foreign exchange risks.

Other Corporate includes staf functions and expense that is centrally managed as well as certain Firm initiatives and activities not aligned to a specifc LOB.

Management, Compliance, Control Management, Corporate Responsibility and vari ous Other Corporate groups.

Our Firm communicates information about our ESG practices and performance through a number of channels including our Annual Report and Proxy Statement, ESG and Climate reports, regulatory flings, our website, press releases, direct conversations with stakeholders, and various other reports and presentations.

We maintain a dedicated ESG Information page on our website to facilitate access to information that we publish on these topics.

Building of the foundation of our Business Principles, we are work, we engaged with internal stakeholders and subject matter experts, and ents and providing targeted capital to help scale solutions.

Feature: 2.5T Sustainable Development Target leveraging our expertise, capital, data and resources to retained the services of an external consultant.

The foregoing process and identif advance inclusive growth, promote sustainable development, cation of key ESG topics was undertaken for the purposes of informing our ESG and support the transition to a low carbon economy.

Environ reporting our inclusion of topics in this report is diferent from disclosures under mental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) matters are an import mandatory regulatory reporting, including under U.S. Securities and Exchange Com ant consideration in how we do business, including how we mission ( SEC ) regulations.

Our approach to ESG is supported and strengthened by our port our employees and help lift our communities.

Additionally, we strive to leverage the Firm’s aim of identifying a list of potential ESG topics.

This includes robust governance structures to foster sound management defning oversight and management of ESG matters within and across our lines of business.

Firm to evaluate the potential list of ESG topics.

In addition to the key topics above, we identifed other ESG topics that are also import ant to our ered business related metrics including operational costs, revenue, regulation com business and stakeholders.

These additional topics included: Active Ownership, Biodiversity and pliance, reputation and strategy.

The Target refects the Firm’s global, diversifed franchise, incorporating activity across strength and vibrancy of the global economy, as well as to the health and prosperity both our retail and wholesale banking segments.

As a global fnancial institution, we are believe our capabilities and expertise can help advance sustainable and inclusive leveraging our capabilities to provide capital and e xpertise for our clients and cus growth around the world.

Message from Our Chairman tomers to support economic growth and address key global challenges.

In 2021, we ers, including customers and clients, employees, communities and shareholders.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ).

The Target aims to grow and strengthen our business activities across three important objectives Green, Devel opment Finance and Community Development and, at the same time, highlight the work we’re doing through our lines of businesses and Racial Equity Commitment.

Finance Corporation’s Anticipated Impact Measurement and Monitoring system.

We are targeting 1 trillion toward this area by the end of 2030.

Black, Hispanic and Latino individuals and com munities.

This includes many of the actions we are taking as part of our Racial Equity Commitment.

The Firm supports solutions that help address climate change and contribute to sustainable development.

These business activities include transactions fnanced or facilitated by the Firm and those for which we are pro viding advisory, risk management and other facilitation services.

Progress toward our Target, like our other ESG related initiatives, is subject to certain prerequisites, including market conditions, public policy and technological advance ment.

Our fnancing and advisory initiatives are also subject to the same macroeco nomic conditions that impact our franchise and the broader fnancial markets.

Volatile market conditions, including rising rates con tributed to slower progress toward our Target compared to 2021.

T he challenging macroeconomic environment was not limited to sustainable development activi ties.

For example, according to Dealogic1, global investment banking fees in 2022 were down 42% compared to 2021.

We saw a similar, but lesser, decline in Invest ment Banking activities counted toward our Target.

Market conditions, public pol icy and technological advancement will continue to have an impact on our results, and as such, we do not expect our progress over the decade to be linear.

Investment Banking selves to drive long term progress.

Target 70 billion toward green, 87 billion toward development fnance and 40 billion toward community development.

In this section we discuss our progress in each objective through December 31, 2022.

The three objectives of our Target Green, Development Finance, and Community Development refect our belief that creating sus tainable economic growth requires advancing environmental, eco nomic and social goals.

Target, we count transactions only once and toward only one objective in the following order (as applicable): Green, Develop ment Finance or Community Development.

With this approach, we seek to avoid double counting, simplify tracking toward our prog ress, and create clarity in our disclosures.

We disclose more infor mation on a few of these key areas in the coming sections, such as how we track and count Sustainability Bonds and certain JPM DFI activity toward our Green objective.

We aim to be transparent in our methodology and may recalibrate our approach over time.

Corporation ( CFC ) provides an example of the mutual benefts that can be created by simultaneously supporting the advance ment of environmental and social issues.

CFC, created and owned by the U.S.’s electric cooperative network, is a nonproft, private lender focused on providing fnancing to over 900 rural electric cooperatives in the U.S. Electric cooperatives, which trace their origin back to the U.S. federal government’s New Deal Initiative, were created by farmers and local residents to provide afordable and dependable electricity in rural communities.

Chase also served as joint book running manager and sustainabil ity bond structuring agent for CFC’s inaugural sustainability bond.

These two issuances represent the only sustainability bonds so far in the electric cooperative sector.

Our 1 trillion green objective is intended to support climate action and sustainable resource management.

Developing solutions sufcient to meet the climate challenge will require signifcant capital, including capital to deploy and scale clean energy solutions to meet the world’s growing energy needs.

Capital is also required to promote the sustainable management of resources, including water and forests.

These aims support each other some actions that address cli mate change, such as reforestation, also have positive impacts on nature, biodiversity and the sustainable management of resources.

Eligible green activities include areas such as renewable and clean energy, clean technology, sustainable transportation and water management.

In 2022, we fnanced and facilitated approximately 70 billion in support of our green objective, particularly through green bond underwriting and for renewable energy.

Feature: 2.5T Sustainable Development Target around our Firm, such as raising capital for clean technology companies and providing consumer auto fnancing for electric vehicles.

Many of the eligible transactions counted toward our green objective can be used for multiple eligible activities (e.g., a green bond where proceeds can be used for both renewable energy and water) and are therefore cat egorized as multiple criteria.

We show a breakdown of the types of transactions included in the multiple criteria cate gory in the pie chart on page 8.

JPMorgan Chase served as acquiror advisor in a 1.7 billion M A transaction for ENEOS Corporation, Japan's largest downstream oil and gas company.

ENEOS acquired Japan Renewable Energy Corporation ( JRE ), a developer of solar projects, as well as onshore and ofshore wind projects in Japan.

JRE has been one of the leading renewable energy companies in Japan that engages in renewable power generation business across the full value chain, from project development to operation and maintenance of renewable power plants.

Japanese government and other companies to reduce Scope 3 emissions by supplying clean energy, such as renew able energy and CO2 free hydrogen.

The ENEOS deal stands as an example of our work supporting the transition of carbon intensive clients to the low carbon economy, and won the Mergermarket Japan M A deal of the year.

These fgures have since been updated to 61 billion and 15 billion, respectively, and renamed to Multiple Criteria and Renewable and Clean Energy for clarity purposes and due to refnement of our eligibility criteria per our methodology.

DFI qualifes CIB transactions with anticipated environmental and socioeconomic impacts.

It also seeks to expand the market for development fnance overall and grow the pool of investors interested in transactions that ofer fnancial returns and advance the SDGs.

I n 2022, approximately 87 billion of development fnance activity qualifed toward the Target.

DFSA for a 420 million 5 year debut bond for AXIAN Telecom, a leading provider of telecommunications, mobile money services and digital infrastructures operating across Africa.

Sub Saharan Africa telecommunication services and to drive fnancial inclusion.

Total B and Black, Hispanic and Latino individuals and communities.

In 2022, we fnanced and facilitated approximately 40 billion toward this objective.

This includes 16 billion in home ownership, 2 billion in small business fnancing, and 15 billion for afordable housing.

The community development objective also highlights our commitment to racial equity and includes many of the activi ties we are engaging in as part of our Racial Equity Commitment.

For more detail on our Racial Equity Commitment, see page 25.

The nents of this transit oriented mixed use development.

The Firm’s fnancing and equity is helping to redevelop two city blocks, which had remained mostly vacant after their destruction during t he 1992 Los Angeles uprising.

Small Business ing, retail, entrepreneurship spaces and a jobs training facility at a critical transit hub.

Morgan Chase with 70 million in NMTC fnancing and 15 million in a senior direct loan.

The redevelopment project began in 2022 and is expected to complete in 2024.

To learn more about the JPMorgan Chase’s impact in afordable rental housing, please see Areas of Focus and Strategies in our Racial Equity Commitment on page 26.

They are only captured as part of our Racial Equity Commitment.

A healthy environment is crucial to the long term success of the economy and of communities around the world, but climate change, biodiversity loss and other environmental challenges pose increasing threats to our collective future.

As a global fnancial institution working with clients in nearly every sector of the economy, we have an important role to play in supporting our clients’ environmental objectives and helping advance a sustain able global economy.

JPMorgan Chase is helping advance resilience to climate change by supporting initiatives with local, regional, and international organizations.

These eforts are guided by the three pillars of our environmental sustainability opportunities of the transition to a low carbon economy.

Natural capital refers to the stock of natural resources, including soil, air, water and living things that provide valu able goods and services for society and the broader economy, and that are critical to supporting physical and economic health.

Over exploitation of natural capital is threatening bio diversity and compromising the ability of ecosystems to miti gate climate change.

The Firm recognizes the need for advancements in policies, data and disclosure to enable accurate valuation of natural capital and the identifcation and management of nature re lated risks and opportunities for our clients, operations and business strategy.

We continue to foster ongoing engagement with internal and external stakeholders in regards to cli mate related matters and emerging nature and biodiversity issues.

Financial Disclosures ( TNFD ) Forum and look forward to con tinuing to engage with the TNFD as it fnalizes its framework.

We have also directed resources to promote biodiversity conservation by selecting nature based carbon removal ofsets for our operational emissions that we are not yet able to eliminate (see page 21), and we have published research that explores the fnancial impact of biodiversity loss and strategies to address deforestation and nature decline in the global food system.

The Firm also manages certain E S risks, which may include nature related risks, in our lines of business.

For more infor mation on how we manage risk in our business, see page 56.

Our Asset Management Global Sustainable Investing team is a dedicated group of employees that focuses on sustainability related i ssues and work in collaboration with our investment professionals globally.

Mobilizing Capital for Climate Action cial options to those customers who want them, under both the J.P. Morgan and applied across asset classes.

This includes a growing range of sustainability related products and sustainable investing solutions and conducts our investment stewardship activities.

In 2022, we continued the build out of the team, adding employees in the areas of including the J.P. Morgan Global Private Bank.

We aim to give individuals and fami sustainable investing research, client advisory and investment stewardship.

Developing solutions to advance the transition to a low carbon economy will require lies the tools they need to meet their goals.

For more informa tion on our progress toward our Sustainable Development Target and examples of qualifying green transactions, see page 6.

We also support the market through our own Green Bond issuances.

These issu ances are governed by our Sustainable Bond Framework and allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to eligible green projects which may include green build ings, renewable energy and sustainable transportation.

In October 2022, we updated our Sustainable Bond Framework which will govern our own Green Bond issuances going forward.

At J.P. Morgan Asset Management ( JPMAM ), we believe that understanding the risk and opportunities related to global sustainability creates long term value for our clients.

For this reason, we continually strive to enhance our investment capabil ities and our eforts to help clients consider the material implications of ESG factors within their portfolios.

We ofer dedicated sustainable investment solutions to clients who seek to generate long term returns and contribute to sustainable outcomes.

For example, in 2022, we launched 11 funds within our sustainable product suite, including a new fxed income product.

T hese products invest in businesses that we believe are providing solutions to global sustainability challenges such as climate risk management, preserving bio diversity, retroftting and constructing resilient transport and infrastructure, and fostering social advancement.

JPMAM believes this is an important milestone, demonstrat ing our continuing commitment, credibility, and transparency to our stewardship responsibilities: active engagement with the companies in which we invest and exer cising our voice as a long term investor in the best interest of our client accounts.

The report outlines how we are considering climate related risks and opportunities relevant to our Asset Management business, across the areas of Governance, Risk Management, Strategy, and Metrics Targets.

Global Private Bank, which provides high net worth clients with access to a sumers are evaluating them for the frst time.

JPMorgan Chase is responding by breadth of strategies across equities, fxed income, alternatives and multi asset helping consumers understand and navigate this new segment and access fnancing portfolios.

In addition, and to further our response to the growing client interest to support their purchases.

For example, in 2022, we added a growth equity cli mate solutions investment fund focused on decarbonization, energy efciency, resource conservation and emissions management.

In June 2021, we acquired OpenInvest, a values based investing fnancial technology company to expand our toolkit of diagnostic capabilities, reporting, and solutions to help clients to align their investments with their val ues.

In the frst quarter of 2022, and as part of OpenInvest capabilities, we launched sustainability reporting for J.P. Morgan’s Sustainable Equity Strategy managed by the Private Bank.

Investing insights, with topics including ESG risks and opportunities the economic importance of megatrends such as circular economy biodiversity and agricultural technology and how to think about sustainable investing alongside charitable giving.

The EV landscape is complex and evolving quickly, and information can be hard to fnd or understand for consumers.

The Chase Auto EV Education Center, a website, helps consumers learn about, fnd and purchase electric and hybrid vehicles, includ ing information about charging, battery range and maintenance.

We are also working to increase fnancing to support EV adoption, including enter ing into private label relationships with EV manufacturers to provide fexible fnanc ing options to consumers.

We continue to broaden our eforts to support the climate and sustainability re lated banking needs of wholesale clients, from early stage and small companies through to multinationals and other large corporations.

We deploy our capital and expertise to assist clients working to transition their business model and operations to reduce emissions.

As we expand our capabilities across our lines of business, we are able to provide clients with increasingly diverse and innovative solutions, while helping to grow the market for green and sustainable fnancing.

When rsted was formed, the result of a merger among six Dan ish energy companies, including Danish Oil Natural Gas, their power and heat production mix was 85% fossil fuel mostly coal as well as oil and gas production and exploration assets in the North Sea.

Over a decade ago, their leadership decided to become a renewable energy company.

The company has reported reduction of its carbon emissions by 89% since 2006 and reported that the share of green energy in their energy generation rose to 90% by the end of 2021.

Throughout the stages of their transition, as part of a relationship spanning more than 20 years, JPMorgan Chase has provided, and contin ues to provide, rsted with diversifed services across our frm to meet their needs as they make their energy transition.

JPMor gan Chase led rsted’s initial public ofering ( IPO ), advised on the sale of their upstream oil and gas activities, and provides further services including, but not limited to, cash management, tax equity, and, recently, acted as joint bookrunner for a green bond of approximately 2 billion equivalent in September 2022.

In 2022, JPMorgan Chase acted as coordinated lead arranger and committed 142 million to a series of syndi requiring a unique combination of fnancial services and advice to achieve its objectives.

Our CB Green Economy Bank cated project fnance loans totaling 267 million.

The funds are intended to support the construction and ing team is called upon to provide subject matter expertise, banking solutions and specialized credit underwriting for operations of the Appaloosa Solar Project in Cedar City, Utah, owned by Greenbacker Renewable Energy Cor the growing number of companies i n the sustainable technologies, products and services industry.

The Green Economy poration (GREC) and rPlus Energies.

Banking team focuses on fve sectors renewable energy, efciency technology, sustainable fnance, agriculture and second largest in GREC’s feet of 450 renewable energy projects.

The project is expected to generate more food technology, and clean energy mobility with senior bankers assigned to provide specifc sub industry coverage than 550 million kWh of energy annually enough to power more than 50,000 homes support the local econ within each of these sectors.

Meeting Needs Responsibly tise, and works with industry coverage and product teams within the CIB and CB on a wide variety of strategic sustain ability focused transactions.

The team is also responsible for supporting our banking teams in identifying green busi ness opportunities to meet client demands and amplifying our green economy coverage.

The combined expertise of the CCT and other banking teams helps provide tailored advice and solutions to clients who seek this advice as they adapt and grow their businesses.

The CCT works to develop and implement the Firm’s strategy to align, over time, its fnancing portfolio with what we consider to be the primary goals of the Paris Agreement.

The teams has led the creation, and continues to oversee the implementation, of our Carbon Assessment Framework ( CAF ), which helps us monitor our progress toward our port folio level emissions intensity reduction targets.

For more information on our Paris aligned fnancing commitment and our CAF, see page 17.

Through our business, JPMorgan Chase is a leading underwriter of green, social, sustainability and sustainability linked bonds, which are aimed at supporting our clients’ sustainability related activities.

In 2022, the Firm u nderwrote 38.36 billion in green, social, sustainable and sustainability linked bonds, including 16.6 billion in green bonds.

Economy team and builds on JPMorgan Chase’s eforts to scale green and innovative solutions to support the transition to a low carbon economy.

Conservancy ( TNC ), a global nonproft conservation organization that works on a variety of environmental issues surrounding the protection of land, water and ecosystems.

The bond constitutes the biggest green bond issuance to date by a conservation nonproft organization.

The bond issuance is expected to help TNC achieve its 2030 goals which include avoiding or sequestering 3 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, conserving 650 million hectares of healthy land, 30 million hectares of freshwater, and 4 billion hectares of oceans and fnance and refnance eligible green projects that contribute toward maximizing resilience and benefts for ecosystems and vulnerable communities.

Note that third party estimates of GSS bond underwriting may not be the same as JPMC produced data for GSS bond underwriting in our Sustainable Development Target.

Global Research produces a range of ESG focused investment research to meet transaction support to advance sustainability solutions for our clients and to pro investors’ needs for timely insights and analysis that support their broad range of vide clients access to ESG and sustainability focused capital across equity, debt and sustainability and ESG investment strategies.

In 2022, we published approximately private markets.

Our published ESG content has nates JPMorgan Chase’s investment banking coverage of clients in emerging green included regular thematic thought pieces on key developments in ESG and sustain economy sectors.

CIB to identify and execute on ESG related advisory and product opportunities.

Since inception, ESG Solutions has helped clients access ESG focused capital across combines data designed to capture the long term corporate responsibility profles of equity, debt and private markets and has had a key role in several IPOs.

For exam companies and their evolution over time with more frequently updated data points.

In addition, in the J.P. Morgan Perspectives series, we published several departmen manufacturer, prepare investor focused materials to showcase its operational sus tal ESG collaborations, most notably focusing on climate innovation, gender parity, tainability credentials to demonstrate how ESG principles are incorporated through food security and cyber security.

Moreover, the J.P. Morgan suite of ESG fxed out its business.

The team’s work supported Northvolt’s approximately 1.1 billion income indices (JESG index family) serves clients globally with ESG benchmarks and pre IPO convertible note for which J.P. Morgan acted as a joint placement agent.

Within CIB Markets, the Global Markets Sustainability Center ( GMSC ) provides sus tainability solutions across asset classes to help clients who seek to realize their sustainability strategies and transition their portfolios to a low carbon economy.

For example, in 2022, GMSC developed a climate transition framework, working with a large institutional client by leveraging in house expertise and looking at traditional and non traditional climate data (e.g.

This unique solution allows for a practical multi asset strategy solution to address the client’s needs for imple mentable carbon reduction targets as part of their net zero ambitions.

Methodology Integration, who reports to our Co Heads of ESG Research.

EMEA region to centrally house all ESG inputs from our sector and ESG analysts, and address clients’ needs for both thematic deep dives and stock specifc views.

The platform leverages artifcial intelligence ( AI ) designed to identify the most rele vant ESG themes for specifc sectors and stocks and to centralize views on the expo sure to and management of these ESG themes by company, allowing clients to screen for and compare companies, as well as access suggested engagement ques tions f rom our sector analysts.

The Firm also facilitated dialogue between investors, companies and regulators on key ESG issues by hosting our 7th Global ESG Conference in 2022, which was attended by over 700 participants globally.

The Firm’s environmental sustainability strategy includes: scaling green solutions, meeting needs responsibly, and minimizing operational impact.

A sustained move to greener energy sources will not happen without a plan work with global climate goals and evolving best practices for the fnancial sector.

For more information on the methodology behind setting our new net zero aligned targets in key carbon intensive sectors, managing climate risks thoughtfully in our business, and deploying our philanthropic capital to support initiatives that help vul nerable communities globally advance their resilience to climate change.

Since 2019, we have committed over 16 million in grants to advance resilience to climate change, supporting initiatives with local, regional, and international organizations.

As we continue to expand our sector specifc targets, we are also focused on aligning future, see page 37. our capabilities and eforts to make progress toward them.

We strive to use our knowledge and expertise to help clients frame and act on their decarbonization plans.

A key aspect of our strategy is how we engage with our clients who operate in carbon we make fnancing decisions, we have developed an assessment methodology of our intensive industries, with the goal of accelerating the low carbon transition and encour clients’ emissions and decarbonization plans for consideration in our decision mak aging near term actions that will set a path for global achievement of net zero emissions.

Our new targets are intended to align to the International tors.

Our Carbon Assessment Framework ( CAF ) uses a combination of quantitative and qualitative measures to evaluate clients’ climate ambition and performance.

We believe our framework is reasonably designed currently, but the Firm will continue to look for enhancement opportunities.

Energy Agency’s ( IEA ) Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario ( NZE ).

Other key elements of our strategy include Governance of our progress, client address these three additional sectors given their contribution to total global emis engagement, and capital facilitation and deployment our 2022 Climate Report pro sions, and in consideration of their technical and economic maturity of their avail vides further details.

We believe expansion to additional sectors also helps us further sharpen our focus on the interplay between the supply and demand sides of the global energy system, which is vital to advancing overall decarboniza tion and the global path to net zero emissions.

Another key component of our approach to sustainability is managing the environmental impact from our operations.

We are pursuing eforts to optimize energy use and reduce our GHG footprint across our global operations.

Our eforts are mizing this impact focuses on optimizing how we source and use energy, reducing direct and indirect GHG emissions, and guided by several of our key operational sustainability targets, including reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 40% by 2030, enhancing resource management, including in how we design and operate our buildings, and through our supply chain.

Next, we are focused on transition ing to zero carbon energy sources, including installing on site solar systems at JPMorgan Chase prop erties and establishing long term renewable energy procurement agreements (e.g., power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) and green power supply contracts).

Reducing energy use and using less carbon intensive energy sources are our frst priorities.

We continue to undertake a variety of energy ef ciency measures for example, opti mizing the use of heating and cool ing in our buildings and procuring more efcient servers for our data centers and to expand their imple mentation across our operations.

We are also looking for electrifca tion opportunities within our build ings, branches and data centers.

For more informa tion on our purchase of carbon credits, please see page 21.

Optimizing the Firm’s use of energy is not only essential for reducing our GHG emissions, but also a means of enhancing our operations and reducing energy costs.

We therefore work to identify and implement ef ciency measures across our global operations.

Data center efciency: With the growing role of technology in fnancial services, data centers are an important component of our operations.

To help manage the energy footprint from our data centers, we are implementing a global strategic data center confguration designed to an optimum size to serve our overall portfolio, and we continue to enhance the efciency of individual data centers.

Our strategy includes migrating to newer, more efcient hardware and software to increase utilization and sharing of physical infrastructure.

This drives down the size and number of servers needed to process our business, which lowers power consumption.

We are also expanding the collection of detailed, real time performance data to inform how we design, build and operate data centers, this has allowed us to operate our data cen ters at warmer temperatures and save energy.

In addition, we have implemented modern cooling technol ogy that increases our energy efciency.

Electrifcation: Another key energy and emissions reduction opportunity is electrifcation.

Transitioning away from the use of natural gas and other fossil fuels not only reduces direct emissions and enables greater use of renewables but can also result in lower overall energy consumption electric systems often convert a greater share of total energy into useful output than the systems they replace.

To that end, we intend to design and build fully electrifed retail branches wherever possible.

The Firm continues to expand on site solar power at our corporate ofce buildings and retail branches across the U.S. Pictured: Carmel, Indiana.

Chase’s entire owned vehicle feet to electric by the end of 2025.

In addition to the above eforts, we are exploring and committing capital to full electrifcation and other strategies to enhance energy efciency across our real estate portfolio.

For more information, see Sustain able Buildings on page 22.

JPMorgan Chase’s reported operational GHG emissions are driven by two primary activities: powering our buildings (e.g., electricity, heating and cooling) and business travel.

Scope 1 GHG emissions include those from building operations and company owned aircraft and vehicles.

Scope 2 emissions, from purchased electricity, are the largest driver of our building related emissions and overall oper ational GHG footprint.

The majority of our Scope 3 business travel related emissions are driven by commercially operated air travel but includes other activities such as rail, car rental and hotel stays.

A small portion of our business travel emissions are Scope 1 emissions from company owned aircraft and vehicles.

We expect to continue to evaluate additional categories of operational emis sions for future reporting.

For more information, see the detailed environmental data tables posted on our website.

We are working to scale our use of renewable energy from both on site installations and long term energy procurement contracts to further reduce our operational emissions.

Our goal is to increase the proportion of our global power needs being met by these solutions to at least 70% by the end of 2025, to help maximize the positive impact of our energy procurement strategy.

On site solar: We continue to expand on site solar power at our corporate ofce buildings and retail branches across the U.S.

In 2022, we executed contracts for on site solar at fve of our commercial campuses and approved planning for addi tional solar capacity at another fve locations.

We aim to complete construction at all ten locations by the end of 2025, which would bring the total size of our commer cial solar program to over 90 MW.

Within our retail portfolio, we have made on site solar a standard feature of our branches, where local regulations and circumstances allow.

As of December 31, 2022, we had added solar installations at more than 400 branches in nine states including Arizona, California, Ohio and New Jersey, for a total capacity of 15.7 MW.

Long term energy contracts: By securing additional renewable energy through long term PPAs and green power supply contracts, we seek not only to meet our own energy needs but to steer capital toward projects that beneft the communities and regions where we operate.

In 2022, our eforts included expanding our use of long term contracts across our global operational footprint.

We now have renewable energy agreements serving ofce locations in France, Germany, Switzerland, Ire land, Spain, Italy, Luxembourg and India.

By purchasing high quality nature based carbon credits to address the remainder of our operational GHG emissions, we can help sions that we have not yet eliminated through direct improvements to our operations.

This commitment restore the natural world and its rich biodiversity, while also benefting local communities.

This goal also provides an opportunity to help the development of the vol untary carbon markets and support investment in climate solutions, in order to help accelerate the transi tion to a low carbon economy.

In 2022, we met our carbon neutral goal for the third year in a row, using carbon credits to help us achieve neutrality.

Our carbon credit portfolio is made up of credits from both nature based and engineered removal proj ects, including improved forest management, grassland restoration, blue carbon and biochar.

By support ing diferent kinds of carbon removal projects, we can help develop the broader market and scale emerg ing solutions.

As we move forward, we aim to progressively shift our focus from shorter durability, nature based carbon credits toward long term or permanent carbon removal, refecting our desire to address our residual emissions with what we view as the highest quality carbon credits available.

To support internal transparency and accountability, and accelerate progress toward our operational sustainability targets, we began the process of implementing the Climate Impact Contribution ( CIC ), which puts a price on the operational GHG emissions generated by our business activities, creating a pool of funds dedicated to support initiatives necessary to achieve our operational sustainability tar gets.

This mechanism is designed to allow leadership to gain greater visibility of the emissions associ ated with their organization’s activities as well as their fnancial contribution toward sustainability ini tiatives.

We plan to continue to evaluate the CIC and gather insights from its implementation.

For example, in 2022, we purchased carbon credits from the Indus Delta Blue Carbon Project, a blue carbon project on the south east coast of Pakistan.

This project is one of the largest mangrove forest restoration eforts in the world, and the frst phase is expected to restore and protect approximately 555,000 acres of mangroves, which are among the world’s most diverse and vulnerable ecosystems.

Coastal wetlands, dominated by mangroves and saltmarsh plants, are efective carbon sinks that also deliver numerous other environmental and community benefts.

The project area provides important habitats to coastal fsh and several globally endangered or threatened species, including the rare Indus river dolphins, the Indian pangolin and the fsh ing cat.

These coastal wetlands also serve as a refuge for many migratory shorebirds, supporting wildlife conservation.

The project is also expected to provide enhanced ecosystem services and economic opportunities to nearby communities.

The dense vegetation and coastal fringe location of the project area act as a protective barrier, mitigating potential damage from natural disturbances such as hurricanes and tsunamis.

Proceeds from carbon sales and project activities are expected to be directed to help provide access to safe and clean water, and help support sustainable job opportunities as people are hired to restore wetlands, plant trees and revegetate the area.

Although we endeavor to source high quality carbon credits verifed by independent third parties, the ability to use carbon credits to fully and permanently ofset emissions or achieve carbon neutrality relies on certain assumptions and is subject to debate among experts.

As a fnancial services company, the bulk of our reported operational environmental impact stems from how we design, build and operate our buildings.

We therefore seek to take a holistic approach to enhancing the sustainability of our real estate portfolio, with a particular focus on increasing energy and resource efciency reducing emissions and creating healthy, productive spaces for our customers, clients and employees.

Artifcial Intelligence building management: In an efort to increase the efciency of our ofce buildings, through the end of 2022, we installed a smart building management software at over 5 million square feet of our real estate port folio.

The software is designed to analyze historical and real time data from occupancy monitoring devices, indoor air quality sensors, building electricity meters and distributed energy resources, and utilizes artifcial intelligence to opti mize heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems in real time.

This seeks to use the least amount of energy while maximizing thermal comfort and indoor air quality for occupants.

New branch lighting plan: In 2022, we completed development of a new lighting standard that is intended to reduce lighting related power consumption for future retail branches by nearly 30% and, in turn, Scope 2 GHG emissions as well as lifetime energy costs.

The material choices for the pilot project reduced embodied carbon by more than 10% when measured against our typical national branch design.

Carbon credits will be procured to address any emissions associated with the embodied carbon of the building that cannot be mitigated through sustainable design.

The branch is now undergoing an intensive energy performance analysis to meet third party standards for low carbon design, while also providing insights to inform the design of future branches.

In 2022, we also launched pilots for fve additional net zero branches.

The Firm’s new headquarters is expected to be Manhattan’s frst all electric tower.

Sustainable materials: As part of the above eforts, we continue to seek opportunities to deploy sustainable and low carbon construction materials, including carbon negative carpeting, eco insulation, FSC certifed wood, and low er carbon concrete made with a 100% recycled post consumer glass that can replace up to 50% of cement in con crete, creating a more durable, longer lasting, and lower carbon concrete.

The frm has incorporated this lower carbon concrete into all of the foor slabs in our new headquarters building and is considering additional applications.

Diverting waste from landfll: We strive to reduce our global waste stream through a variety of activities.

Program, which is designed to deliver a consistent waste minimization and recycling our suppliers’ practices, which is why we continue to develop and formalize eforts helping us reduce our environmental impact while improving efciency and reducing strategy globally for our non hazardous ofce waste streams and targets a 90% to monitor and engage with suppliers concerning their sustainability performance.

We are focused on reducing our water and waste footprint, and appropriately waste diversion rate.

Our eforts included the following: managing the waste we generate.

Supplier Environmental Sustainability Guidelines, which are designed to educate our a 2017 baseline.

Across many of our corporate ofces and branches, we have suppliers as to how they can integrate positive environmental practices within their deployed a number of water efciency measures, including low fow fxtures, aera own organizations and to set the foundation for further incorporating environmen tors and touch free faucets.

To build on these eforts, we are planning to install tal considerations into our procurement process.

Performance assessment: Throughout 2022, we invited more than 850 of our top suppliers, representing approximately 80% of the previous year’s total supplier spend, to complete a third party sustainability assessment, which evaluates prac tices on multiple dimensions including environment, ethics, labor and human rights, procurement and GHG emissions.

We intend to use the results of the assessments to rate and timely water use data.

This will help us better monitor and control our water use, and to identify and prioritize further efciency opportunities.

We are also planning to move retail branches to a new landscaping standard that will use little to no irrigation depending on the local climate.

The standard also aims to leverage native species that promote biodiversity and local habitat creation.

Minimizing Our Operational Impact with each supplier.

The new group provides a forum for our industry to share best practices, and work cial institution consortium within the Sustainable Procurement Leadership Council.

For more information on how we engage with our suppliers and our eforts to improve supplier diversity, see pages 33 and 60. by 2025, we have optimized our ofce printer feet by 41% compared to a 2017 base line by replacing older equipment, removing under utilized printers and introducing no printing preferences for some business roles.

To further reduce paper use, we are working to eliminate single use paper cups from our ofces in the U.S. and U.K.

We continue to reduce single use plastics in our ofce pantries, cafes, and confer ence centers.

Since 2019, we have eliminated plastic bottles from cafes and pantries in the U.S. and U.K. able.

This centralized waste approach increases employee awareness of proper waste disposal and therefore decreases contamination rates, and helps lower costs of individual waste bin liners and custodial services.

We have deployed over 5,000 centralized waste bins globally in ofce kitchens and cafes, communal desk areas, and loading docks.

We are also piloting AI powered cameras and sensors to monitor waste once it reaches the dumpster.

This technology has the ability to detect dump ster fullness, improving collection efciency, and levels of waste stream contamina tion.

In addition to in ofce waste, we are also focused on reducing waste from the construction and renovation of our buildings, requiring a minimum of 75% of proj ect waste be diverted from landflls, where local supply chains allow.

Lifecycle Management program to provide cradle to grave optimization of our tech nology assets.

The program targets reduction of electronic waste ( e waste ), efec tive asset recovery and redeployment, and proactive decommissioning of unneeded or unclaimed assets.

As a result of these eforts, the Firm has prolonged the useful life of equipment and achieved millions of dollars in cost avoidance.

The program also helped identify and decommission hundreds of unnecessary servers and other devices in our branches, reducing power consumption.

To further our target of diverting 100% of e waste from landflls, we select vendors to dispose of our e waste responsibly.

In 2022 alone, our e waste program diverted over 650 metric tons of solid waste, avoiding nearly 1,800 mtCO2e of GHG emissions.

Our Firm’s success is linked to the strength of the communities we serve and the talent of our people.

We utilize the power of our businesses, combined with philanthropic capital, data driven insights and policy expertise to help support a more inclusive and sustainable economy.

Racial Equity Commitment and our work to advance diversity, equity and inclusion ( DEI ) within our orga nization.

JPMorgan Chase also invests in our people through all phases of the employee life cycle and seeks to foster an inclusive and supportive work environment.

Nearly 29 billion of progress, as of December 31, 2022, toward our fve year Racial Equity Commitment.

Over 412 million in philanthropic capital globally, of which over 325 million was in grant capital and over 86 million in loan and equity capital.

The commitment includes incre mental lending and equity investments11, as well as philanthropic capital, products and services.

The Firm is striving to help close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion through fnancial health and wealth creation workshops and community events across the country.

The Racial Equity Commitment’s 2022 progress was largely driven by incentives for afordable rental housing preservation and homeownership refnancing areas where the Firm incentivized the preservation of afordable housing, while rents rose rapidly, and saved customers money on their mortgages, while rates were historically low.

With that said, as rates continue to rise, our incremental progress continues to be impacted, most notably in the areas of homeownership and small business.

Providing Philanthropic Capital to advance an inclusive economic recovery and support Black, Hispanic, Latino and we have lost ground on progress of our refnancing commitment.

Accelerating investment in employees and building a more diverse and inclusive workforce.

Please see the Diver contributed to slower progress against our commitment and may continue to present challenges.

For detailed information on sity Equity Inclusion section on page 38 for updates on our hiring goals.

Our Firm’s breadth of resources allows us to make an impact in several areas that help to address the racial wealth gap and create economic opportunity for commu nities historically left behind.

The following explores each of the Racial Equity Com mitment’s pillars and shares our strategic approaches.

We continue to pursue innovative fnancing solutions and work with new public customers and communities, with plans to open more branches including Commu resources to support the development of afordable housing and vital community nity Center branches in LMI communities, hire additional Community Managers, and institutions.

These eforts help create and preserve housing for LMI individuals and host more fnancial health workshops and community events to reach more people families.

The Firm makes data driven policy recommendations aimed at preserving across the country.

We also continue to seek opportunities to innovate our products and increasing availability and equitable access to afordable housing for renters.

By ofering owners and operators rate discounts, nearly all of 2021 borrowers partic allows customers to receive their paychecks two days early.

In doing so, we can help stabilize and revitalize maintained designated afordable rent pricing and re qualifed for a discounted loan.

Black, Hispanic, and Latino customers is inclusive of every income level because homeownership inequity exists across the fnancial spectrum.

At the onset of our Racial Equity Commitment, we announced a 400 million increase of Low Income Housing Tax Credit ( LIHTC ) investments.

We execute on and enhance our six pillar Community and Afordable Lending strategy, tal 400 million annually, totaling 2 billion in LIHTC investments over fve years.

These investments leverage equity commitments to construct and rehabilitate ence in the communities we serve, enhancing our products and programs to expand afordable rental housing.

To see an example of how our work with LIHTC and New access to credit, and participating in policy reform to drive more inclusive growth.

Moreover, we advocate for change in our industry and innovate where we can.

Bridge Housing Corp Primestor Case Study on page 10. tionally, we have more than 160 Community Home Lending Advisors13 with a special focus on serving home buyers in minority communities.

Our Firm understands and appreciates the unique role that Minority Depository Insti tutions ( MDIs ) and Community Development Financial Institutions ( CDFIs ) play in our communities.

Our support of these essential institutions helps them to maximize their impact and serve communities that have historically been underserved.

Over the last two years, the Firm has invested more than 100 million of equity in diverse owned and led MDIs and CDFIs.

Each MDI and CDFI is onboarded as a client and con nected to the Firm’s expertise, network, and advisory support including volunteers from the Firm’s Advancing Black Pathways Fellows and Service Corps programs.

We also expanded the Community Lending Program incentive14 to regional mortgage lenders that originate in Black and Hispanic Latino communities across all Chase markets.

As we support small businesses in majority Black, Hispanic and Latino communities, we continue to review how the Firm evaluates credit applications, with the goal of expanding access to credit and introducing new product oferings.

By the end of the year, we hired more than 40 local Senior Business Consultants who provide one on one coaching and host educational events, community workshops, and busi ness training seminars to support minority entrepreneurs across 21 U.S. cities.

We believe that diversifying our ecosystem of suppliers is good for our stakehold ers including the businesses we work with, the communities in which they live and serve, and for our own frm.

As part of our commitment, we are dedicated to the development and utilization of qualifed Black, Hispanic, and Latino businesses.

JPMorgan Chase has established a frst of its kind supplier grant program to help qualifed Black, Hispanic and Latino owned businesses access key compliance mea sures that may be cost prohibitive like cybersecurity, insurance bonding and other infrastructure costs.

For more information on how the Firm is supporting its diverse suppliers, see page 33.

This program includes our standard Correspondent ofering and pricing incentives, reduced fees, expanded credit box and preferred underwriting status, with a dedicated program support team.

Borrowers in the Preservation Program beneft from a graduated interest rate discount to maintain rental unit afordability and must re qualify annually.

For further details on dollar and unit progress, eligibility criteria, and reporting methodology, see the detailed Racial Equity Commitment data table on our website.

Afordability targets under the Preservation Program are tiered based on current rent levels of each unit and county area median income.

This change increased the Firm’s total committed amount toward its Racial Equity Commitment.

The increase does not impact the Firm’s other stated commitments.

We are holding ourselves accountable to achieving our Racial Equity Commitment.

To that end, we have established a robust reporting and governance process to track our commitments and will continue to publicly share our progress.

The Firm’s Community Impact Team is responsible for program wide oversight and governance of the Racial Equity Commitment.

Barry Farm is a historic community in Washington D.C., that was established in 1867 for formerly enslaved accountable to both their respective Chief Executive Ofcer ( CEO ) and the Community Impact Team.

Team partners with market business leaders to deliver resources and activations at the local level.

JPMorgan Chase’s loans to Barry Farm are an example of the incremental fnancing to support the construction and rehabilitation of afordable housing across the United States.

This is done in coordina tion with the Firm's Public Engagement team, which connects with external stakeholders, including civil rights organizations, consumer policy groups, nonproft organizations, civic leaders, trade associations, and diverse chambers of commerce for opportunities to collaborate.

The Public Responsibility Committee of the JPMorgan Chase Board of Directors provides oversight of this work and is briefed on the Firm’s progress.

In 2022, to reinforce the Firm’s commitment to transparency, JPMorgan Chase retained an independent accountant to perform frst time homebuyer.

With guidance from his JPMorgan Chase Community Home Lending Advisor, the buyer learned he qualifed for two grants, a 15,000 grant from Neighborhood LIFT and the 5,000 homebuying grant, for purchasing in an under served community.

With these grants, the homebuyer closed on the unit in December 2022, becoming the frst homeowner in his family.

The Firm is leaning on its resources its presence in branches, its community focused workforce, its grants, and more to expand access to afordable homeownership and help reduce the homeowner ship gap for Black, Hispanic and Latino households.

JPMorgan Chase provides a range of development and collaboration opportunities for qualifed diverse businesses from historically underrepresented groups.

LLC, a bilingual digital marketing company, grow its business through its Chase minority owned business mentorship program.

As a result of the Firm’s Mentorship Program, Alpha Company Market ing and Media LLC reported growth in their client portfolio that resulted in increased revenues.

The decision to retain an independent accountant was made following engagement with shareholders and was informed through the frm’s ongoing engagement with external civil rights and economic justice advisors.

Directors provided oversight of the attestation engagement.

The attestation examination was performed in accordance with the standards established by the American Institute of Certifed Public Accountants.

Racial Equity Commitment is fairly stated, in all material respects please see the 2022 Racial Equity Commitment Audit Report.

The preparation for and completion of the independent third party attestation examination has been a valuable process that will enhance future reporting.

As we execute on our commitment, we will continue to report against our progress publicly.

The Firm’s commitment to community revitalization and underserved and low income households did not begin with the Racial Equity Commitment.

Rather, the Racial Equity Commitment was born out of years of leveraging our resources to uplift customers and communities.

These experiences include our eforts in Detroit following its bankruptcy, the implementation of our AdvancingCities program across the globe, and the formation of our PolicyCenter to develop evidence based policy solutions to expand inclusive economic opportunity.

Our history of advancing equity has positioned our Firm to execute the complex, multi faceted 30 billion commitment.

Our commitment to closing the racial wealth gap will remain, no matter what headwinds and economic years.

Rather, our work over the past two years has served as a catalyst to realize even more opportunities to advance uncertainties we face.

We continue to see innovations born out of the Racial Equity Commitment.

As announced in February 2021, our Empow ering Change program provides Minority Depository Institutions exclusive distribution rights to J.P. Morgan’s suite of institutional money market funds through the creation of the Empower share class.

This approach provides these insti tutions with a recurring revenue opportunity and amplifes their ability to deliver ongoing positive change in their com munities.

At the same time, corporate investors can support the socioeconomic goals of minority and diverse led fnancial institutions.

In two years, our Firm has nearly met its initial 30 billion commitment toward advancing racial equity.

Yet, we are aware of the work that remains, both in meeting each of our individual commitments, and for our country as a whole.

For this reason, we are committed to continuing this work and measuring its outcomes to help advance lasting racial equity and make meaningful contributions to closing the racial wealth gap.

By providing fnancial tools, products, and services, the Firm aims to help close the racial wealth gap, consistent with our belief that our business is stronger when our economy is more inclusive.

Chase Community Branches such as this Little Havana location in Miami, Florida, help improve access to banking services.

JPMorgan Chase is helping build opportunities in neighbor hoods and communities across the U.S. and the globe.

Feature: Our Racial Equity Commitment mies, helping communities grow and building personal prosper ity.

This is particularly important during challenging times.

As we navigate through economic instability, war, climate change and the long term efects of the pandemic, we continue to help build a more sustainable, inclusive economy.

We are bringing the reach and expertise of our Firm to take on these challenges, using the power of our businesses com bined with philanthropic capital, data driven insights and pol icy expertise.

Underpinning and informing all these eforts is our Firm’s commitment to DEI and sustainable development.

As the war in Ukraine continues, a growing number of people have been left without access to basic needs and millions of refugees and internally displaced individuals have fed their homes in Ukraine.

Data insights and analytics, led by the JPMorgan Chase Institute campaign in the Firm’s history.

Industry as they worked to provide temporary shelter for over 1,400 refugees in Poland through access to hotel rooms, as well as information and guidance on access to other assistance including medical care, child care and longer term housing, in coordination with member hotels, nonprofts and local governments.

The Firm’s support also reaches beyond our philanthropic eforts.

Skills and talents of our employees opportunity to join a work and training program focused on upskilling people displaced by the war to work in areas including fnance, human resources and operations in our Warsaw ofce.

JPMorgan Chase continues to monitor the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine to consider how we can best deploy our resources to meet growing and changing needs in the region.

JPMorgan Chase is supporting job seekers by equipping them with the tools and students at historically Black Colleges and Universities ( HBCUs ) for high wage, in skills they need to grow, advance and be ready for the future of work.

The commitment has included over 3 million in philanthropic capital supporting and developing certifcation programs, skills training and policy solutions provided directly to five HBCUs and over 3.5 million to the United Negro College Fund that connect job seekers to well paying and stable jobs at our Firm and in communi to provide capacity building and long term strategic planning support to eight HBCUs.

Our HBCU Career Pathways Initiative is supporting the formation of co op programs, ers.

In 2019, we made a 350 million, fve year philanthropic commitment focused the hiring of success coaches to support students' career navigation, the expansion of on creating economic mobility and career pathways for underserved populations.

We are also applying insights from our work in the community to our own hiring, DEI and employee development programs to create more pathways into and across our opportunities for students, the development of high quality data science programming, and the preparation of students for careers in financial services.

Support for Community Colleges and Non Traditional Students: With open admis prepare employees for changes in technology and business, and allow them to com sions policies and lower costs relative to other institutions, community colleges play pete for new and in demand roles in our Firm.

Mentoring and Work Experience for Young People: Through The Fellowship Initia tive ( TFI ), we engage young men of color in high school in academic and proj nomic mobility by providing economically and demographically diverse communities with access to education and career opportunities.

In 2019, JPMorgan Chase com mitted 125 million in philanthropic capital to strengthen the capacity of community colleges across the U.S. Additionally, the Firm continues to emphasize the value of skills in addition to educational degrees, with more information on our skills based ect based learning activities, college and career planning and leadership develop hiring on page 44. ment opportunities, all with the goal of helping them successfully complete high school and prepare for college and career success.

Chase employees have volunteered and matched to be mentors with TFI Fellows to provide coaching, academic support and leadership development.

Firm’s Aspiring Professionals Programme, run in collaboration with the Social Mobil ity Foundation, supports talented young people from low income backgrounds with work experience, mentoring and skills sessions to equip them with skills to succeed in their future careers.

Since launching in 2010, over 800 young people have been supported, 86% of which began full time employment 15 months after graduation.

JPMorgan Chase is working to create career pathways to prepare students at HBCUs for high wage, in demand careers.

Readiness Initiative, a 75 million, fve year global initiative to expand access to turing, education, and business that are aligned with local labor market trends and economic opportunity for young underserved people by supporting pathways and employer demand.

JPMorgan Chase also invests in career readiness initiatives out policy solutions that better prepare them for the future of work.

In 2022, JPMorgan Chase launched four new career readiness initiatives tiative in the U.S., the Firm is providing 7 million over fve years, beginning in 2020, in India, Brazil, France and Italy.

These initiatives aim to support broad systems to six U.S. cities Boston, MA Columbus, OH Dallas, TX Denver, CO Indianapolis, IN change by scaling innovative solutions and developing high impact approaches to and Nashville, TN, to foster collaboration, infrastructure building, and systems level inform policy reforms.

Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Directorate for Education communities.

As a result, each city is developing high quality career pathways in and Skills to conduct analyses of efective and equitable career readiness policies industries like healthcare, information technology, engineering, advanced manufac and programs for students, and disseminate them globally with policy makers.

The U.S. has more job openings than applicants, yet some qualifed candidates face obstacles to securing a good job: people with criminal records.

Approximately one in three working age adults in the U.S. has a criminal record19, and as a result, face economic barriers including hiring dis crimination and lost job opportunities.

JPMorgan Chase is giving people with criminal records a second chance by supporting their participation in the workforce, communities and local econo mies.

We have made changes in our own hiring and recruitment practices, along with advancing a policy agenda that reduces barriers to employment for people with criminal backgrounds.

Phoenix, with plans to continue expanding it to additional cities.

Through the Second Chance Business Coalition, we continue to work with more than 45 cross industry large scale companies to expand second chance hiring and advancement, including developing best practices and tools for employers.

JPMorgan Chase hires in the U.S. were people with criminal backgrounds.

Chicago, Columbus, and Wilmington with the aim of helping eligible individuals prepare the docu ments needed for the criminal record expungement or sealing process.

Very few individuals who are eligible to have their records sealed or expunged ever apply because the petition based sys tem is costly, complex and time consuming.

In 2022, the Fair Hiring in Banking Act was signed into law, creating opportunities for more people with records that ft within the Section 19 industry guidelines to join our work force, as well as other fnancial frms.

In France, approximately 16% of young people ages 18 to 24 are not in employment20 , education or training, suggesting that they will need alternative pathways to obtain the skills and experience necessary to succeed in the labor market.

Across le de France, there are more than 28,000 early school leavers21, with youth from disadvantaged backgrounds dispro portionately represented.

School closures during the pan demic are estimated to have widened the educational attain ment gap and increased the risk of dropouts amongst poorer students, with unequal access to digital equipment, parental support, and or suitable space to work.

Rentr e 2020: la lutte contre le d crochage scolaire continue.

The Firm announced its Racial Equity Commitment in 2022 to help close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion.

Supplier Diversity: We support the development and utilization of qualifed diverse businesses from historically underrepresented groups, including companies owned and operated by ethnic minorities, women, military veterans, people with disabilities and members of the LGBTQ community.

Our supplier diversity mission is comprised of three pillars: (1) facilitating the growth and development of diverse businesses in our businesses, such as minority and women owned business lack of access can supply chain network (2) promoting equity and inclusion across our entire portfolio of lead to barriers in establishing, growing and scaling their companies.

Firm is working to level the playing feld for these groups through products, programs, fnancing and policy recommendations aimed at expanding access supply chain business partners and (3) driving economic growth in the communities in which we do business.

In 2022, JPMorgan Chase’s top suppliers increased their own spend with diverse suppliers, generating over 6 bil lion in new diverse spending23.

Support for Small Business: Our Firm is proud to serve small businesses.

During 2022, JPMorgan Chase Business Banking provided 4.3 billion in loans communities in Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles and New York.

We also sup port minority entrepreneurs through coaching opportunities.

Chase employees provided direct mentorship to minority and female entre preneurs through the Firm’s Founders Forward program in 2022.

From busi ness plans to revenue strategies, this program ofers support to entrepre neurs as they look to grow their businesses and serve their communities.

Our commitment to CDFIs and MDIs: CDFIs and MDIs provide vital fnancial services in communities that are often underserved.

National M inority Supplier Development Council’s Annual Conference Exchange , New Orleans, Louisiana.

Small business policy agenda: We are advancing policy reforms that promote access capital themselves.

Through our Racial Equity Commitment, our Firm is working to to capital and advisory assistance for underserved entrepreneurs.

JPMorgan Chase PolicyCenter expanded on the Firm’s support for small business tal, connections to institutional investors, policy advocacy, support for diverse led com participation in contracting by releasing a brief titled, Lifting Barriers to Small Busi mercial projects and mentorship and training opportunities.

Firm’s Service Corps program, through which employee teams are matched with CDFIs to improve existing programs and enhance resources available to small businesses.

Additionally, we have convened private and public sector stakeholders to discuss how and increase community impact.

B y the end of 2022, we had invested more than 100 barriers in policy can be removed for small businesses who are looking to become million of equity in 15 diverse owned and led CDFIs and MDIs that serve 96 communi suppliers to large companies and government.

We have also continued our advocacy ties across 21 states and the District of Columbia.

This capital is intended to help these on SBA program reforms and CDFI and MDI supports, some of which have been institutions hire staf, invest in technology enhancement and expand into new markets.

Tier 2: The amount of spend, or procurement dollars, that the Firm's suppliers spend with their Tier 1 suppliers.

They represent the total population of each and are not considered unique totals.

As part of JPMorgan Chase’s work to advance a more equitable economy, the Firm is helping to strengthen our local communities by addressing structural barriers to economic opportunity.

In 2022, through our targeted philanthropic commitments to local and regional nonproft organizations and employee engagement, we supported low and mid dle income women, Black and ethnic minority individuals, and migrants globally to start or grow small businesses.

Empreendedora and 350,000 in philanthropic capital to Impact Hub S o Paulo to help Black female microentre preneurs.

Alian a Empreendedora leads a national network of hundreds of entrepreneur support organizations, and Impact Hub ofers its support to microentrepreneurs in dozens of municipalities across the country.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion underserved backgrounds are supported at scale over the long term.

Impact Finance and Advisory provided a 10 million loan to the Southern Opportunity and Resilience Fund (SOAR) in 2021, which was created to provide fexible, afordable capital and free advisory support to entrepreneurs in his torically underserved communities across 15 southern states and Washington D.C.

SOAR purchased loans throughout 2021 and 2022 originated by 11 participating CDFIs, allowing those CDFIs to maintain and increase their lending activities to small businesses.

Through December 30, 2022, SOAR purchased over 1,100 loans at an average loan size of approxi mately 55,000.

JPMorgan Chase grant recipients are working to increase access to afordable, climate resilient housing in areas such as Inland Empire, California.

Supporting community development is an important way to improve community improve household stability and housing afordability for Black, Hispanic and Latino well being and expand economic opportunity.

We have committed over 200 million through the end of 2022 through ticular, are central pillars of community development because access to a stable, grants, loans and equity investments.

This includes support for organizations afordable home is a leading determinant of income and wealth, health and overall focused on, among other things, eviction diversion models and foreclosure preven quality of life.

Yet for many U.S. households, especially Black, Hispanic and Latino tion support to stabilize renters and homeowners, preservation strategies to sup households, access to afordable housing is increasingly out of reach.

Through lend port small landlords, innovations in new construction to lower costs and increase ing, equity investments and philanthropic capital community partnerships and supply, and specialized mortgage products and alternative ownership models to data and policy insights, JPMorgan Chase is helping to build stronger communities, increase homeownership.

For example, in 2022, we announced a 15 million com with a focus on homeownership and access to afordable housing, which is also a mitment to fve nonproft organizations working to test and scale innovative models core focus of our 30 billion Racial Equity Commitment.

Hispanic and Latino households across the economic spectrum, totaling approxi mately 4 billion.

Afordable rental housing: The Firm works to advance afordable housing solutions, bringing our industry expertise, a comprehensive set of fnancial tools and a strat egy of combining our business and philanthropic eforts to create greater impact.

As part of our Racial Equity Commitment, we pledged to fnance the creation and pres ervation of 100,000 afordable rental units over fve years through 14 billion in new loans, equity investments and other eforts.

Housing reforms policy agenda: The Firm’s housing market afordability policy agenda seeks to support regulatory and policy changes aimed at addressing sys temic bias in housing and encourage more efective models for boosting access to and supply of afordable homes.

Mac aimed at attracting diverse entrants into the residential appraisal feld.

To date, the Firm’s commitment has resulted in more than 360 scholarships to diverse appli cants.

In 2022, we also continued our eforts to help protect economically vulnera ble families from losing their homes in heirs' property partition sales and tax lien sales through our support and advancement of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Prop erty Act ( UPHPA ).

UPHPA laws reform state property laws to provide fractional or heirs property owners with basic due process protections.

Housing Preservation Program, the Firm approved funding for 8.4 billion in loans in the District of Columbia.

Finding safe, afordable, and stable housing is one of the largest challenges fac ing families living in high cost metropolitan areas like California’s Bay Area.

JPMorgan Chase has taken a broad approach to support housing solutions that ft the Bay Area’s unique needs, with a focus on production, preservation, protec tion, and innovation throughout the region.

One notable efort was a 12 million low cost loan, with an initial 6 million committed in 2019 and an additional 6 million committed in 2022, provided by the Firm’s Impact Finance and Advisory team to The San Francisco Housing Accelerator Fund ( HAF ).

CDFI established in 2017 to address key fnancing gaps and mitigate the housing afordability crisis in San Francisco and the wider Bay Area.

HAF provides prede velopment, acquisition, and rehabilitation loans for small and large sites, includ ing single room occupancy, residential hotel properties, and vacant or underuti lized land to be developed into afordable housing.

JPMorgan Chase is supporting the University of Miami’s Ofce of Civic and Com munity Engagement to tackle two major challenges facing Miami Dade County the lack of afordable housing and efects of climate change.

The Firm has pro vided a grant to develop and expand the Miami Afordability Project ( MAP ) tool, which is designed to investigate how climate consequences such as sea level rise, fooding and extreme heat are contributing to the displacement of residents in historically under resourced neighborhoods.

The MAP tool enables users to visu alize how increased fooding, rising seas and more powerful storm surges pro jected for the future would impact afordable housing across Miami Dade which already has one of the nation’s highest percentage of renters spending more than half of their income on housing.

By providing access to this type of information, neighborhoods throughout the county such as Opa Locka, Little River and Sweet water will have more detailed information on projected climate conditions and resilience to climate impacts to support their afordable housing advocacy work.

Strengthening Financial Health and Wealth Creation including three additional branches in 2022.

Additionally, we have hired a total of 146 Community Managers.

We are also increas goals, cultivate fnancial resilience and ultimately build wealth.

Access to relevant, ing marketing and outreach to customers who are currently underserved.

However, diverse and LMI individuals are less likely to have access to fnancial ser afordable and scalable products and services that help our customers strengthen vices, the fnancial resilience to manage unexpected shocks and the fnancial their fnancial health and meet long term goals such as retirement savings, educa resources to meet long term goals.

We are leveraging our reach and expertise to tion, homeownership and growing a small business.

We are also helping to fll gaps expand access to banking, develop products that meet the needs of LMI consumers, and improve the user experience for LMI customers striving to improve their fnan deploy grants to support fnancial health, and provide fnancial coaching to support cial health.

Black and other people of color from high school, through college, and into promising career pathways.

Colleges and universities are preparing their stu dents for an ever evolving labor market, including elevating the importance of connecting credentials and work experiences to in demand jobs of the future.

HBCUs play a vital role in creating pathways to opportunity in the U.S. and pre paring their students for those opportunities.

Recognizing the importance of deepening our relationship with these institutions, JPMorgan Chase reafrmed its support of HBCUs in 2022 through an expanded fve year, 30 million com mitment.

This commitment takes a strategic approach to help meet the individ ual needs of HBCUs and students.

This commitment complements the work of the Firm’s Advancing Black Pathways Center of Excellence, an initiative to chart clearer pathways toward economic success and empowerment within the Black community (see page 41 for more details).

Student Financial Hardship Fund to help students buy books, pay a security deposit or medical bill, address short term food insecurity or meet other needs.

Access to Banking Services: As part of our Racial Equity Commitment (see page 25), we pledged to help one million consumers open low cost checking or savings accounts over fve years through expanded awareness of our Chase Secure Bank ingSM product.

Chase Secure BankingSM accounts have no overdraft fees and provide users with the benefts of being a Chase customer, like access to thousands of fee free ATMs, free money orders and cashier’s checks, Chase’s mobile app and support from bankers in person or by phone.

Chase Secure BankingSM available to 1.5 million accounts to help people access main stream banking.

Our Chase bank branches are also a key part of our strategy to expand access to banking services.

As of December 2022, we had opened an addi tional 29 new branches in LMI communities, many within Black, Hispanic and Latino communities.

Since 2019, we have opened a total 15 of Community Center Branches, a technology platform for low income Americans that enables users to view their government benefts, access discounts for everyday items and utilize a debit card.

Propel currently serves more than 5 million users a month by helping them check their S upplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) b alances in real time.

Policy solutions: JPMorgan Chase is working to advance policy that expands access to banking, improves cash fow management, develops and strengthens access to credit, and builds savings and wealth.

We support policies that protect consumers while enabling the fexibility to design innovative credit and liquidity solutions.

Along with the Michael Susan Dell Foundation, the Bill Melinda Gates Foun assessment methods that responsibly expand access to mainstream credit for dation, the MetLife Foundation and Omidyar Network, the Firm is providing underserved borrowers.

We also support policy that will enable structural changes philanthropic capital to the Financial Inclusion Lab in India, an initiative aimed to public assistance programs that promote economic stability for LMI consumers at improving the fnancial health of India’s underserved LMI population, by and put people on a path to fnancial resilience and wealth building.

Across all these bringing early stage inclusive fntech startups to scale.

Despite making signif areas, we are sharing our Firm’s insights, data and experience about the unique cant progress in fnancial inclusion, India’s population continues to face barriers challenges and solutions that meet the needs of LMI communities.

Inclusion Lab’s eforts have included providing expertise to develop prototypes, mentoring, business development assistance and other support to startups.

As of December 31, 2022, the Lab has reported supporting 50 early stage startups.

Cumulatively, according to the Financial Inclusion Lab’s self reporting, these startups have served over 30 million individuals and raised over 80 million in funding following their participation in the Lab.

Advancing sustainability is not only about helping the environment, it is also about improving the communities we serve.

Persistent changes in global climate patterns and associated extreme weather events present risks to customers, communities and clients.

Risks like these threaten personal safety and can cause costly damage to properties, house holds, and businesses.

We believe in the power of communities, governments and business to implement the low car bon energy transition as an important part of inclusive economic growth.

JPMorgan Chase is pursuing projects that include helping individuals and communities build climate resilience in housing and urban spaces, fostering an inclusive approach to climate and energy innovation and small businesses, and equipping diverse populations to acquire the training and skills needed to access and thrive in future job opportunities.

Our commitment to racial equity and inclu sive growth are important themes in each of the highlighted areas below.

The Firm supports nonprofts working to test and scale innovative models to increase the supply of energy efcient homes.

Building community resilience to the efects of climate change: Strategic philanthropy is an important way we sup port organizations and communities that are advancing climate resilience across the globe.

Stack, an initiative to mobilize capital for projects that protect people from climate driven extreme heat, particularly and to ensure that individuals have the skills needed to succeed in them.

In Madrid, one of our grantees, Fundaci n Konecta, the most vulnerable communities, in 12 cities around the world.

Additionally, our support for the American Council for works with young people from underserved backgrounds to prepare them for these emerging job opportunities.

NGOs for advancing energy efciency investments in afordable housing.

And at the neighborhood level, we support tion, and water management, and provides job placement support to connect them with concrete opportunities.

They are community based organizations like Northeast Houston Redevelopment Council in building green infrastructure, like planning to train 200 participants during the 2 year program, launched in 2022, to fnd employment in the green economy.

Market forces, technological advances, and policy changes are bringing about a transformation of the energy landscape.

NY Washington D.C. Miami Dade County, FL and Inland Empire, CA.

Institute’s EnGen executive leadership development program, which is designed to educate and engage mid to senior level leaders from all sectors of the energy industry to drive innovation and technological advancements toward net zero 2050 goals.

The 2023 cohort includes participants from varied backgrounds including oil and gas, renewable energy, academia, fnance, utility and the nonproft sector.

At JPMorgan Chase, we believe that if our teams are more diverse, we will generate better ideas and out comes, enjoy a stronger corporate culture and outperform our competitors.

We have made progress over the past few years in creating a more diverse and inclusive business, and continue to increase our representation among gender and race.

We have also taken a number of steps to build the infrastructure for our Firm to deliver on our commitment to DEI.

This includes developing and implementing a global DEI strategic framework with clear objectives, metrics, controls and accountabili ties.

We have strengthened our DEI function and formalized the ways in which it works to advance prog ress within our lines of business and serve customers, clients and communities.

We know there is more work to do, and we are committed to both continuing that work and to being trans parent with our stakeholders about our progress.

We recognize that our commitment to advance a diverse, equitable and inclusive world starts with how we put that vision into practice inside our own company.

We continue to incorporate diversity into hiring, training, developing and retaining our employees, and we remain focused on fostering an inclusive culture that respects and champions diverse perspectives.

JPMorgan Chase DEI executives participate at the Firm's 2022 Leadership Day, New York, New York.

In connection with its diversity initiatives, the Firm periodically requests that its employees and Board members self identify based on specifed diversity categories.

Information on race ethnicity of employees is categorized based on Equal Employment Opportunity ( EEO ) classifcations and is pre sented for U.S. employees who self identifed, and information on gender is presented for global employees who self identifed.

Information on race ethnicity and gender for members of the Oper ating Committee and the Board of Directors refects all such members.

Information on LGBTQ and veteran statuses is based on U.S. employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors.

Information on disability status is based on all U.S. employees and all members of the Operating Committee.

Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self identifed race ethnicity, which was 96% and 95% of the Firm’s total U.S. based employees and U.S. based senior level employees, respectively, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors.

Information for the Operating Committee include one member who is based outside of the U.S.

Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively.

Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively.

Presented as a percentage of the respective U.S. based populations who self identifed race ethnicity.

Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively.

Executing on our DEI commitments requires promoting accountability across respect, equity and inclusion, in which our employees are empowered to be the Firm.

Our Accountability Framework, which we continue to enhance over their true selves.

We do so by creating forums for employee engagement, initia time since its launch in 2020, is used to evaluate senior leaders, including Oper tives to advance inclusion and elevate diverse perspectives, and education and ating Committee members, on behaviors, practices and progress toward goals training programs designed to identify ways that all of our employees can con related to the Firm’s DEI priorities, and to incorporate that into year end perfor tribute to an inclusive culture.

Our Business Resource Groups ( BRGs ) are an important part of how we do this.

These BRGs are inclusive groups that enable employees to share ideas, grow professionally and connect to colleagues who have similar interests.

Our Asian, Black, Hispanic and LGBTQ Executive Forums, which bring together the senior leaders of these communities to act as ambassadors and thought leaders for Firmwide initiatives, are another way we support and foster DEI within our Firm.

Our Firm has established DEI Centers of Excellence to take a unifed and inter sectional approach to delivering impact for employees, clients, customers and the communities we serve.

DEI and employee development programs help create career pathways into and across the Firm.

Pictured: Chicago, Illinois supporting the Firm’s commitments to advance racial equity and create lasting impact both internally and externally, leading our global strategies related to target populations and contributing to progress toward our Racial Equity Com mitment.

The Firm experienced an increase in the number of employees self identifying as LGBTQ by 35% year over year in 2022, following 50% year over year growth in 2021.

Our Equal Opportunity, Anti Discrimination and Anti Harassment Statement visibility of the communities they represent.

In addition, in 2022, our employees were required to complete Firmwide diversity and inclusion training programs, including You Belong Here, Culture of Respect Culture Conduct, and Journey to Inclusive Teams for managers.

In addition, the Centers of Excellence amplify the work of the lines of business the Firm to identify opportunities to develop targeted initiatives to improve the to deliver inclusive products, services and advice for clients and customers.

Firm’s LGBTQ Executive Forum, a consortium of senior leaders who self iden munities we serve, leveraging the Firm’s business expertise and philanthropic tify as LGBTQ and serve as advocates for the LGBTQ community, now includes resources to help advance racial equity and economic empowerment.

Advancing Black Pathways ( ABP ): focuses on strengthening the economic foundation of Black communities around the world.

It seeks to address historical barriers to economic growth in Black communities through investments and programs focused on advancing career opportunities for Black talent, expanding and supporting Black owned busi nesses, and improving fnancial health in Black communities.

Advancing Hispanics Latinos ( AHL ): works on promoting the growth and success of Hispanic and Latino communi ties.

Their eforts are focused on career opportunities, business growth and entrepreneurship, fnancial health and community development.

Military Veterans Afairs: honors those who have served and supports their long term personal success and fnancial confdence.

Their eforts are focused on attracting, retaining and developing diverse veteran talent supporting veter an owned businesses and entrepreneurs increasing the fnancial health of veterans and military families and support ing top veteran service organizations.

Pacifc Islander ( API ) community, driving opportunity and progress for employees, customers and clients through investment, cultural understanding and collaboration.

Ofce of Disability Inclusion ( ODI ): leads strategy and initiatives aimed at advancing careers while helping the Firm aspire to be a bank of choice for people with disabilities.

ODI’s focus areas include driving workplace inclusion, fnancial health, community relationships, and business growth for small businesses and entrepreneurs with disabilities.

Women on the Move ( WOTM ): provides women inside and outside of the Firm with opportunities to succeed in their professional and personal lives.

Their eforts are focused on expanding women run businesses, improving women's fnancial health, empowering women's career growth, and supporting women and girls in our communities.

Ofce of Asian Pacifc Islander Afairs comes together for the D iwali Celebration, Plano, Texas .

The Firm honors the Military and Veterans community through nonproft collaborations and events.

The New York City Pride Parade brings together members of the Firm’s Ofce of LGBTQ Afairs.

In 2021, the Firm and Techstars launched the inaugural cohort of the Founder Catalyst program in the U.S., which provides pre accelerator startup education and mentorship to early stage founders.

With women founders receiv ing less than 2%42 of available venture capital in the U.S., the Founder Catalyst program aims to address this gap by providing the tools, resources and connections needed to support women entrepreneurs in taking their busi nesses to the next level.

JPMorgan Chase strives to support the Military Veterans community by helping to provide access to employment.

Pictured: Washington, D.C. fnancial health education, wealth building seminars, and other vital fnancial insights to Black communities.

Spear headed by Advancing Black Pathways, the tour featured Black business leaders and entrepreneurs who engaged more than 500 attendees collectively in Los Angeles, New Orleans, and Philadelphia, through interactive work shops on fnancial wellness, the real estate market, homeownership, entrepreneurship and wealth generation.

In 2011, along with 10 other companies, JPMorgan Chase co founded the Veteran Jobs Mission ( VJM ), a coalition committed to hiring 100,000 veterans by 2020.

Since its founding, more than 300 member com panies representing various industries across the U.S have reported over 880,000 veteran hires.

JPMorgan Chase is a founding supporter of the Stonewall National Monument Visitor Center in New York City.

Stonewall National Monument, where the Visitor Center will reside, aims to celebrate and advance the legacy of the currently employs approximately 3,000 military spouses.

Stonewall uprising of 1969 that helped to spark the LGBTQ rights movement.

This site was designated as the frst ever monument dedicated to LGBTQ equality by the National Park Service.

When the Visitor Center opens in 2024, it will feature exhibitions and programs dedicated to the history of LGBTQ equality.

JPMorgan Chase serves as an ongoing advisor on programming and exhibitions to be featured.

Firm is dedicated to providing job placement opportunities through its Military Pathways Rotational Pro grams.

Program, The Military Pathways Direct Hire Program, and the Pathways DOD SkillBridge Corporate Fellow ship Program.

All three programs provide personal and professional development trainings, a formal men torship program, programmatic support to participating managers and program members, and robust net working opportunities.

In 2022, the Direct Hire Program welcomed and developed over 330 recently transi tioned veterans and military spouses, and 82% of the frst SkillBridge cohort have accepted full time roles.

At JPMorgan Chase, our people are a key driver of our success in serving customers, clients and communities.

It is through their ingenuity, excellence and integrity that we are able to build a prosperous business.

Our work environment is an important component of our human capital strategy.

JPMorgan Chase strives to attract and retain skilled and diverse talent, with over 290,000 employees around the world.

Our goal is to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce representing all aspects of diversity, including gen der, ethnicity, military service, LGBTQ status and disabilities, refective of the communities in which we operate.

We are focused on expanding talent pools through numerous programs and partnerships.

When hiring new employees, we expect managers to consider a slate of candidates who bring a wide range of perspectives, experiences, and skill sets.

We believe in supporting students and early career talent as they embark on their professional careers and grow into future leaders.

We support the development of new talent through our formal Analyst and Associate hiring programs, as well as through our Emerging Talent Programs, which aim to attract a wider range of talent either pre college or without a university degree.

By attracting a wider range of talent through these programs, we are able to introduce talent to the fnancial sector who may not typically have the opportunity to experience our industry, explore the possi bility of a long term career at the Firm, and support their development of life and professional skills for success in the workplace.

By engaging with a broader and more diverse talent pool, we are able to extend opportunities beyond the traditional places where we historically looked for talent and seek to have a workforce that is more representative of the communities in which we serve.

Unless otherwise indicated, information on EEO race ethnicity is presented as a percentage of the respective U.S. based population who self identifed race ethnicity and information on gender is presented as a percentage of the respective global population who self identifed gender information on LGBTQ , veteran status and disability status is presented as a percentage of the respective total U.S. based population.

Building on the work of our Racial Equity Commitment and goal to provide high quality careers in the communities we oper connecting young adults ages 18 29 with employer partners in need of career ready talent.

The Firm has worked ate, we worked with Detroit at Work to stand up a virtual call center in Detroit, Michigan.

This virtual work approach has with Year Up since 2007.

Since then, we have hosted over 2,000 interns, approximately 340 in 2022 alone, in 17 dif allowed us to access a new pool of talent.

In addition to creating local jobs and longer term career opportunities, we incor ferent cities throughout the United States.

The Firm’s work with Year Up has evolved to primarily focus on building porated additional training methods focused on fnancial services education and microlearning opportunities.

This efort has a diverse entry level talent pipeline to support business and industry needs.

The interns receive six months of led to approximately 75 hires in 2022, and we are planning to develop a second site in 2023. training at Year Up to gain professional skills and then have a six month internship at JPMorgan Chase.

On average the Firm is hiring over 65% of Year Up interns into permanent roles at the end of the internship.

We continue to fnd new ways of building more inclusive talent pipelines through diferent channels and industries with an the US in 2022 that obtained their core technology skills from various educational pathways.

This is a skills frst emphasis on the diversity of skills.

We also strive to provide those from disadvantaged socioeconomic backgrounds or have been model where talent is assessed on the same core technology and interpersonal skills that we look for in all entry dislocated due to world events access to opportunities.

Once welcomed to the frm, they are provided an orientation, multi week technology training and an ongoing two year program support structure with mentorship, networking and ongoing education opportunities, as well as career advancement once the program concludes.

At JPMorgan Chase, we recognize that rewarding careers do not always follow a conventional path.

We value the diver sity, fresh perspective and wealth of experience that returning professionals can bring.

The ReEntry Program ofers experienced professionals, who are currently on an extended career break of at least two years, the support and resources needed to relaunch their careers.

This 15 week paid fellowship program consists of professional skills work shops and on the job training, coupled with coaching and developmental experiences to help fellows prepare for a long term career.

Our goal is to place high performing participants who successfully complete the program into full time positions within the frm.

In 2022, there were over 100 participants, with 85% receiving an ofer for full time employ ment.

Since 2013, there have been more than 400 hires in our ReEntry Program across 30 cities in eight countries.

Unless otherwise indicated, information on EEO race ethnicity is presented as a percentage of the respective U.S. based population who self identifed race ethnicity and information on gender is presented as a percentage of the respective global population who self identifed gender information on LGBTQ , veteran status and disability status is presented as a percentage of the respective total U.S. based population.

Helping our employees advance their skills and professional development is important to our human capital strategy.

We invest in our employees’ development through a robust suite of training, leadership development, upskilling and reskilling programs, mentorship initiatives, and performance evaluations.

We seek to train our employees with the skills needed for today and tomorrow.

We prepared our new hire employees for their roles with approximately 34 hours of learning on average over their frst 90 days, and tenured employees take an average of approximately 10 hours of voluntary training annually.

The remainder was facilitated in a traditional classroom setting.

Overall, in 2022, employees completed over 9.7 million courses and over 7.9 million hours of training.

Employees Firmwide are required to complete training on topics such as culture and conduct, anti money laundering, privacy and data protection, cybersecurity and anti corruption.

Leadership Day training, New York, New York is one example of how the Firm helps employees advance their skills and professional development.

Upskilling and reskilling our existing employees who already know our culture and are committed to our company is an efective and efcient way to have the talent we need to thrive now and into the future.

Just as importantly, it is one of the best ways we can advance our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.

For example, many of our Firm’s front line and entry level employees, who largely identify as women and diverse, are most likely to be afected by technologi cal disruption.

By taking proactive steps to create meaningful and accessible opportunities for career mobility, we can mitigate the risk of losing legacy talent, and continue our eforts toward a more diverse and representative workforce.

To help employees understand the skills they need to advance their careers at the Firm, we ofer programs and training to help employees develop their own learning journey to support career growth and development.

We further support employee development with enhanced education benefts, ofering funding for bachelors, masters and certifcation programs to eligible employees.

In the U.S., we ofer a catalog of over 500 bachelors, masters, and certifcation programs, including 18 fully funded programs.

The programs support employees in acquiring skills for the roles they are in today and prepare employees to take on new opportunities at the Firm.

Forces were resettled to the U.K. under the Government led Operation New Hope.

Afairs has been working with the U.K.’s Ministry of Defence and associated partners to ofer U.K. based Afghan’s employ ability mentoring.

One of the mentees joined the Firm’s Military Transition Program in February 2023.

Leadership Edge seeks to develop and inspire world class managers and executives to drive a culture of inclusion, empowerment and growth, so employees can reach their full potential and deliver value for our Firm.

In 2022, Leadership Edge launched a refreshed curriculum focused on eight manager capabilities which defne what it is to be a manager at the Firm.

The capabilities include building teams driving performance prioritizing diversity, equity and inclusion and guiding careers.

During the year, approximately 14,400 individual managers and executives participated in Leadership Edge initiatives, engaging through both instructor led programs and digital, self paced content.

In 2022, we also continued to maintain a focus on our talent management and succession planning process.

The human resources team actively engages with senior leaders to discuss key talent, internal succession and the development of our leadership pipeline.

The program is meant to create an environment where female ED talent have exposure to senior manage ment and opportunities to further develop skills in personal brand, self promotion, networking and more, helping participants expand their breadth and depth of contribution and value in the organization, with sponsorship as a key component.

Since the program’s launch in 2018, we have had 100% retention of program participants and more than half of the participants have achieved promotion to Managing Director.

We use an annual Firmwide performance review process to help employees grow and to evaluate how they support our culture, business success, client customer needs, and DEI initiatives.

Employees are assessed on both results ( what ) and behaviors ( how ) on four Firmwide Performance Dimensions and expectations for their level: Business Results Cli ent Customer Stakeholder Teamwork and Leadership and Risks, Controls, and Conduct.

Providing a frst class employee experience is important to our human capital strategy.

This includes engaging our employees in strengthening our culture and business, providing allyship for our diverse employee populations, and lis tening and responding to employee experiences and ideas.

We also support employees’ drive to help strengthen their communities by facilitating skills based volunteering oppor tunities.

The Firm provides one day of paid time of for volunteer and employee engagement activities from Firm spon sored events to outside activities that are meaningful to our employees.

We also provide paid time of to vote in any national, state or municipal election to support our employee’s civic engagement.

The results of our annual Employee Opinion Survey, which are reviewed by senior leadership for potential program improvements, had an 87% participation rate in 2022.

Employees gather at one of the Commercial Banking team’s volunteer opportunities, Los Angeles, California.

Inclusive of skills based volunteerism, our employees engaged in local volunteerism diverse and equitable culture in which everyone feels welcome (see page 40).

We business entrepreneurs, and young people, we support our employees’ desire to outside of the workplace through GoodWorks, an employee led volunteerism pro have 10 BRGs with employee members across 57 countries, and more than half of help their communities and further our philanthropic mission, while providing gram.

In 2022, our employees committed approximately 398,000 hours of time to our employees are a member of at least one BRG.

The BRGs complement the Cen opportunities for them to apply and expand their skills.

Access Ability: Maximizing the contributions of employees afected by disabili ties, long term illness or caregiving responsibilities.

Service, and Force for Good engaged more than 4,200 employees globally to address specifc organizational challenges and opportunities facing our community partners.

As a frm, we recognize that serving on a nonproft board is one of the most signifcant commitments our employees make.

Since 2018, our Board Service program has successfully placed approximately 400 employees on nonproft boards of fortifed meals and medical kits, upcycling furniture, providing disaster relief through satellite mapping and clothing aid, and much more.

Adelante: Empowering Hispanic and Latino employees to identify and pursue around the world.

In addition, our Board Match program has provided fnancial sup opportunities for career development and community involvement.

Another of our social innovation and skill based volunteerism programs is Force for of employees of Asian and Pacifc Islander heritage.

BOLD: Providing employees, specifcally those of African descent, with an empow ering environment that focuses on professional and personal development.

NEXTGEN: Engaging early career professionals to network, build relationships nology talent.

In 2022, nearly 1,300 JPMorgan Chase employees built tech based across all business levels and groups, and promote career development.

Sage: Encouraging and remaining committed to personal and professional development, while sharing valuable information.

Employees gather during the Firm’s Seventh Annual Employee Appreciation Week, New York, New York.

Department employees organize and mobilize colleagues to participate in both industry leader while deepening its commitment to veteran families.

WOTM: Providing a collaborative forum and access to tools that support the suc cessful retention, development and advancement of women at all levels of the Firm.

Additionally, the Legal Department's unique Fellowship program provides one member of the department per year with the opportunity to volunteer for 3 6 months with a non.

Working Families Network: Promoting knowledge sharing and providing net proft or legal services provider to further support our communities in a more mean working opportunities to support employees with work and family integration.

In 2022, we held our seventh annual Employee Appreciation Week, which comprised of a series of special speakers, volunteering events, and fun and wellness events.

The Firm held over 1,000 local events across 220 ofces globally.

Supporting and Rewarding Our People we take action to address it.

We are proud of the overall diversity of our work force.

JPMorgan Chase provides market competitive compensation and benefts programs are not represented in as many senior management positions as are men and to our employees.

We are taking a variety of actions focused on making progress that drive compensation related decisions across all levels of the Firm.

We believe toward our goals in the areas of hiring, retaining, developing and advancing our compensation philosophy promotes an equitable and well governed approach to women and ethnically diverse employees, especially at more senior levels.

We believe that fnancial health is an important part of people’s overall well be diversity, equity and inclusion for all employees includes compensation review pro ing, and we ofer a wide range of benefts and programs to help employees build cesses that seek to ensure that the Firm’s employees are paid fairly and competi a fnancially secure future.

We ofer a myriad of fnancial well being resources, tively for the work they do.

We continue to increase wages for our full and part time U.S. hourly paid employ ees.

As of December 2022, we raised minimum base pay for U.S. overtime eligible employees to between 20 and 25 per hour, depending on location.

This is in addi tion to the benefts package the Firm ofers that is valued, on average, at approxi mately 16,000 per employee for this population.

We are committed to fair compensation for our employees.

We conduct periodic pay equity reviews that include employees at all levels within the Firm.

In 2022, taking into account factors such as an employee's role, tenure, seniority and geography, in aggregate, those who self identifed as women globally were paid 99% of what men were paid.

In 2022, in the U.S., employees who self identifed as other than White under EEO Commission classifcations were paid, as a group, 100% of what employ ees who self identifed as White were paid meaning there were no statistically sig nifcant diferences in pay as between the two groups, taking into account factors such as an employee’s role, tenure, seniority and geography.

Pay equity reviews give us important insights, but they are just a starting point.

If we identify individu als with compensation that is less than expected, we dig deeper.

Where appropriate, education sessions, a Financial Wellness Assessment and unlimited one on one fnancial coaching with Certifed Financial Planners ( CFPs ).

At JPMorgan Chase, we support our people and provide them with c omprehensive health care programs and well being benefts.

That is why we are continually investing in and exploring ways to improve health outcomes and strengthen our beneft oferings.

JPMorgan Chase ofers an extensive benefts and wellness pack age to employees and their families, including healthcare coverage, retirement benefts, life and disability insurance, onsite health and wellness centers, employee assistance programs, competitive vacation and leave policies, backup child care arrangements, tuition reimbursement programs, counseling and resources related to mental health, and fnancial coaching.

We direct a greater portion of our benefts spend toward lower wage earners in the form of lower payroll contributions and lower deductibles in the Medical Plan and a 750 special award in 2022 to employees earning less than 60,000.

We ofer health care benefts for employees and their families.

In 2022, we covered approximately 1.4 billion in medical costs for employees and their families.

We also encourage our employees to focus on their well being and make healthy choices a priority.

For example, we ofer biometric wellness screening and online wellness assessments for employees and their covered spouses domestic partners.

In 2022, approximately 70% of enrolled employees and over 60% of enrolled spouses domestic partners completed both of these assessments.

Additionally, we have onsite Health and Wellness Centers in 24 U.S. locations and 34 onsite health clinics across our other global locations.

We are also focused on supporting our employees’ mental health.

We are building a workplace that increases awareness of mental health, educates employees and pro vides support when people need it.

All employees have access to confdential coun seling and support through our Employee Assistance Program.

In 2022, we received the 2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health Well being health care services and prescription medication for all.

Award from the Business Group on Health for demonstrating our strong commit ment to advancing the well being of our employees through comprehensive, innova tive benefts and initiatives.

JPMorgan Chase is committed to ofering comprehensive benefts and policies which cover the unique needs of our employ from work for when people need it.

The Firm provides all U.S. based employees with paid sick leave each year, up to a cap ees.

In 2022, we expanded covered benefts ofered under our U.S. Medical Plan to support health outcomes for LGBTQ of 96 hours depending on local laws.

We also provide most full time and part time employees three to fve weeks of paid employees and family members.

New and enhanced benefts include: 1) a dedicated LGBTQ health concierge service to help vacation annually.

We continue to ofer employees eight hours of paid time annually to volunteer in their communities.

In 2023, the Firm is enhancing paid time of for employees in the U.S. to handle personal and family needs.

We are expanding bereavement paid time of for loss of a spouse domestic partner or child.

We have introduced four weeks of critical caregivers paid time of in the U.S. to care for a seriously ill parent, child, or spouse domestic partner and enhanced parental leave globally for all parents who have a new baby or adopt to a minimum of 16 weeks eliminating having to identify between primary and non primary parental leaves.

We also provide family building assistance to help employees with the high costs of adoption, surrogacy and fertility expenses, including up to 10,000 per child in eligible adoption expenses, up to a 30,000 lifetime maximum for sur rogacy and 40,000 lifetime maximum for eligible fertility expenses.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion er sponsored health care and address the rising costs of the U.S. health care system.

Through the end of 2022, Morgan Health has deployed 105 million in four early stage companies Vera Whole Health, Embold Health, Centivo and LetsGetChecked.

Morgan Health aspires to be a model for other employers in driving scalable, impactful and value based employee health care solu tions through thought leadership.

Morgan Health is also bringing greater accountability to health care by supporting models designed to improve employ ees’ health outcomes, reduce costs and fll gaps in the equity of care.

One approach is to deploy new models for our employees based on relationships built with local health care providers.

Easton and Brooksedge), as well as two new near site care centers (Dublin, Westerville), ofering a full suite of compre hensive in person and virtual health and wellness services for JPMorgan Chase employees and their covered dependents.

The Firm supports working families by providing paid time of for critical caregivers in the U.S. and enhanced parental leave globally.

We are committed to setting high standards in our business activities and with our stakeholders.

Our gov ernance structures are designed to promote accountability, transparency and ethical behavior consistent with our corporate standards and Business Principles.

We regularly evaluate and enhance our governance structures, processes and controls, as appropriate.

The Firm’s governance structures help to monitor progress toward key commitments and targets.

Responsibility for oversight and management of ESG is defned at multiple levels within the organization.

Our management structure is designed to encourage leader afairs of the Firm on behalf of shareholders.

It is also respon standing committees: ship that is consistent with our corporate standards.

We strive to leverage the Firm’s robust governance structures sible for setting the cultural tone at the top .

Its core areas of to foster sound management and a culture of accountability oversight include strategy, executive performance and talent on ESG matters.

JPMorgan Chase has set up governance management, fnancial performance and condition, risk man structures to monitor progress toward key commitments and agement and internal control framework and ESG matters.

We aim for transparency and accountability by reporting progress against key fnancing commitments and operational targets annually.

JPMorgan Chase seeks director candidates who uphold the highest standards, are committed to the Firm’s values and are strong independent stewards of the long term interests of shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and communi ties in which we work.

The Board considers its composition and needs holistically, determining the diversity of experi ence, background and perspective required to efectively oversee the Firm, including its present and future strategy.

Each committee operates pursuant to a written charter.

These charters, and the Firm’s Corporate Governance Principles guide the Board’s governance and oversight functions.

Each of the Board’s standing committees oversees ESG related matters within its scope of responsibility.

Statement includes information about the membership and age our Firm on a LOB basis, while also maintaining corporate functions and appropriate governance of our subsidiaries.

Our Firm’s most senior management body is the Operating Com mittee ( OC ), which is responsible for developing and imple menting corporate strategy and managing operations.

CEOs of each of the LOBs and other senior executives.

Senior management including the OC and leaders within each of our lines of business is responsible for driving strategy and execution on ESG matters across the Firm.

The Board may consider ESG related matters in full Board dis to gender, race, ethnicity and nationality.

The Corporate Gov cussions and committee discussions.

In addition, the director ernance and Nominating Committee oversees the ongoing education program may include ESG issues.

In 2022, board dis evaluation of candidates for Board membership and the can cussions and education topics included sustainability, climate didate nomination process.

Responsibility, the Global Head of Sustainability and other senior leaders provide periodic updates on ESG initiatives to the OC and Board of Directors.

The Ofce of the Secretary is responsible for partnership with senior management, control groups, LOBs and corpo rate groups to promote efective governance of the Firm.

It works closely with the Board of Directors on ESG matters, including responding to shareholder proposals.

The Ofce of Diversity, Equity Inclusion is responsible for leading the development and implementation of the Firm’s strategy to enhance DEI within the Firm and support underserved communities.

This includes advancing programs and initiatives that incorporate a diversity lens into how the Firm develops products and services, serves clients, helps com munities and supports employees.

The Corporate Responsibility team is responsible for designing, implementing and evaluating community and philan thropic programs that aim to open new pathways to economic opportunity for individuals, provide actionable insight to civic and community leaders, and protect the environment.

It is composed of Government Relations, Public Engage ment, Corporate Sustainability, Global Philanthropy and Research and Policy teams.

The Corporate Sustainability team is responsible for providing advice across the Firm and its LOBs on its approach to managing ESG matters, including supporting the development of sustainability and climate focused business strategies and fnancing opportunities, engaging with stakeholders and policy makers, and facilitating external ESG and Climate related reporting.

The ESG Investor Relations team is responsible for engaging with the investor community on the Firm’s ESG strategy, disclosures and performance, and then providing strategic intelligence and advice to senior management and the Board on investor views.

The Chief Administrative Ofce ( CAO ) provides multiple global services that support the day to day operations of the Firm’s businesses.

The CAO includes the Operational Sustainability team, responsible for the Firm’s carbon man agement strategy and for coordinating the implementation of operational sustainability eforts across the corporate functions the Global Real Estate team, responsible for the deployment of onsite renewable energy, implementation of energy efciency and water use minimization measures and the Supplier Sustainability Team, responsible for provid ing oversight of the Firm’s supply chain with respect to ESG matters, including on environmental sustainability matters.

Employees participating in the Asian Leadership Forum, New York, New York.

The Independent Risk Management function establishes the Firm’s risk management frameworks.

Business Ethics challenges risks identifed by the LOBs and Corporate.

The Climate Risk team’s responsibilities include establishing the Firm’s framework and strategy for managing climate risk, setting climate risk policies, standards and processes and establishing our climate risk data strategy.

We engage regularly with our customers in our branches and through our website and social media platforms.

We are helping support our small business and consumer fnance customers meet their fnancial needs, as well as our corporate and institutional clients.

We regularly solicit and respond to customer and client feedback about our products, services and organization as a whole, and endeavor to build take pride in providing inclusive interaction.

For example, we have multi lingual staf in many of our branches and are investing in sign language interpreters at key locations e.g., near Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. We also seek customer feedback via online and in branch surveys, with the aim of improving customer interaction and experience, and have a conduct hotline through which our customers can anonymously raise concerns and report misconduct.

We also engage with our clients through one on one meetings, roundtables and conferences.

We listen and respond to the needs of our customers and clients by ofering products and services that emphasize.

Our people are at the heart of JPMorgan Chase and are vital to our success.

Engagement surveys are conducted periodically and allow us to identify areas of strength and opportunities for social and environmental responsibility, including lending for afordable housing and electric vehicles, and sup porting minority owned businesses through fnancial literacy coaching.

We engage with our employees through surveys, including our global Employee Opinion Survey and Exit Surveys town hall and small group meetings focus groups blogs, articles and newsletters online feedback tools and other forums.

Responsibility for engaging with stakeholder groups is widely ing needs and perspectives.

The insight we gain from our engagement with key stakeholders is con sidered when developing the Firm’s business strategies, prod ucts and services and policies and procedures.

We also recognize stakeholders’ interest in timely information concerning our ESG related strategies and activities.

We plan to continue to provide information through a number of chan nels, including our Annual Report and Proxy Statement, ESG and climate related reporting, regulatory flings, our website, press releases, direct conversations with stakeholders, and various other reports and presentations.

SASB’s, GRI’s and TCFD’s guidelines to inform the develop ment of our ESG and climate related disclosures.

We are also closely monitoring regulatory developments related to man datory ESG and climate related reporting requirements in several jurisdictions around the world.

We are engaging with external stakeholders in a variety of forums.

Community Engagement furthers local and national engagement and two way dialogue with stakeholders.

In 2022, Community Engagement held 50 Chase Advisory Panels, listening sessions and other convenings with over 120 community stakeholders to share frmwide updates and solicit feedback on products, services and approaches.

We communicate with investors through our quarterly earnings materials, Annual Report and Proxy Statement,.

We engage shareholders and fxed income investors on important topics including corporate governance, shareholder rights, executive compensation and ESG related matters.

Securities and Exchange Commission flings, press releases and the Firm’s website.

In addition, we engage with shareholders through quarterly earnings calls, investor meetings and conferences, annual general meetings and other forums.

We conduct a semiannual shareholder outreach program focused on topics that include, but are not limited to, executive compensation, corporate governance, shareholder rights, and other ESG related matters such as climate change and DEI.

During these engagements, management shares information, addresses questions, and solicits shareholders’ perspectives and feedback.

Directors participate in these meetings as appropriate.

Following each shareholder outreach program, shareholders’ areas of focus and feedback are shared with the Board.

We also engage in dialogue with equity and fxed income investors throughout the year.

These engagements provide us with useful feedback, which we consider when developing the Firm’s processes, practices and strategic direction.

We engage with policymakers on a range of issues, including banking, fnancial services, cybersecurity, workforce.

We strive to maintain an open, ongoing dialogue with our global supervisory regulators and other policymakers.

We believe that responsible corporate citizenship demands a strong commitment to a healthy and informed democracy through civic and community involvement.

We engage with regulators as necessary to conduct business and provide commentary on proposed changes to relevant regulations afecting our business.

For more information on the Firm’s political engagement, see page 55.

We encourage our employees to think about how they can live more sustainably.

Our GoGreen teams are a global network of employee led action groups that work to foster a community of informed, engaged and inspired employees who contribute to our sustainability culture.

We engage in open, transparent dialogue with rating agencies in order to better understand their methodologies gan Chase including our sustainability commitments and what the.

We recognize that our clients, shareholders and other stake holders are interested in our performance on a range of ESG matters.

We regularly engage with ESG raters to provide and scoring, correct discrepancies and provide feedback.

Firm is doing to meet them and ofer employees opportunities to teams manage our relationships with ESG rating agencies and lead our eforts to identify and implement enhance engage in sustainable activities at work, at home and in their com ments to policies, procedures and practices that can improve our ESG performance and address any known issues.

During 2022, the global GoGreen program expanded to them with information relevant to the Firm.

We also spend time and resources to educate relevant internal stakeholders about ESG ratings so they are pre pared to respond to questions from clients about the subject.

We interact with our key suppliers on a frequent basis through various channels, including regular business.

Stakeholder Engagement needs, manage risk and controls and drive sustainability, reviews, ad hoc meetings, phone, town halls, and email.

We are committed to holding our suppliers to high stan dards of business conduct and integrity, and we work together to make a positive impact in the communities where we do business.

We provide information to members of the investment community, including portfolio managers, fnancial and ESG nearly 50 teams, an over 55% increase year over year, engaging more than 13,000 members, a three fold increase year over year.

In 2022, our employees were ofered the opportunity to engage in sustainability activities around the globe.

Participating in Earth Hour, going dark for one hour in our homes and within more than 30 JPMorgan Chase buildings.

We strive to meet the information needs of members of the investment community, including portfolio managers, fnan cial and ESG analysts, and stewardship teams.

Collaborating with local community organizations to host conferences and publications on our website.

In addition, we respond to surveys and specifc information requests, beach and riverbank clean ups, wildlife habitat enhancement and engage with portfolio managers, analysts and stewardship teams through throughout the year.

Helping employees discover ways to live sustainably through onsite events such as electric bicycle demonstrations, per sonal e waste disposal days, reusable giveaways to reduce single use plastics, and carbon footprint reduction challenges.

Sponsoring learning sessions with sustainability experts on topics such as making sustainable food choices, composting and gardening at home, recycling and waste management, and establishing a corporate beekeeping program to provide safe pollinator habitats for honeybees.

JPMorgan Chase believes that responsible corporate citizenship demands a strong commitment to a healthy and informed democracy through civic and community involvement.

Our business is subject to extensive laws and regula tions, and changes to such laws can signifcantly afect how we operate, our revenues and the costs we incur.

Because of the impact public policy can have on our businesses, employees, communities and customers, we engage with poli cymakers holding a range of views on a range of issues including banking, fnancial services, cybersecurity, workforce development, small business, tax, trade and inclusive economic growth, among others to advance and protect the long term interests of the Firm.

The Firm’s political engagement and public policy activities are managed by Global Government Relations.

This organi zation and leadership helps us focus the Firm’s political engagement eforts on those public policy issues most relevant to the long term interests of the Firm overall and to our clients and shareholders.

The Firm belongs to a number of trade associations and ESG related initiatives that advocate on and help address major public policy issues of importance to the Firm and the communities we serve.

The Firm’s participation as a mem ber of these associations and initiatives comes with the understanding that we may not always align with all their posi tions or those of its other members.

ESG objectives and trade associations positions or activities.

The Public Responsibility Committee of our Board of Directors provides oversight of our positions and practices on pub lic responsibility matters, including signifcant policies and practices regarding political contributions, major lobbying priorities and principal trade association memberships that relate to the Firm's public policy objectives.

The Firm discloses on its website contributions made by the Firm's political action committees, contributions of corpo rate funds made in connection with ballot initiatives and information about our governance and oversight practices.

The Firm engages on public policy issues of importance to the business and the communities we serve.

JPMorgan Chase supports fundamental principles of human rights across all our lines of business and in each region of ing the interests of our clients, customers and investors, and protecting the safety and soundness of the Firm.

We recognize that modern slavery issues, such as forced labor, child labor and world today faces environmental and social challenges, such as climate change, biodiversity and ecosystem loss, and human trafcking, are a signifcant global challenge.

We believe it is the role of government and the business commu human rights issues.

If not adequately addressed these challenges could create risks for society and businesses.

Please see page 70 for more information on how we manage E S Risk in certain sectors, activities, and locations.

For more information on the Firm’s overall approach to risk management, including Climate Risk, see our Form 10 K and 2022 Climate Report.

It is our policy not to provide lending, capital markets or advisory services to clients if there is evidence of forced or child labor, human trafcking or slavery.

Further, we acknowledge the United Nations Guiding Principles on Busi ness and Human Rights as the recognized framework for corporations to protect and respect human rights in their own operations and through their business relationships.

Where relevant, JPMorgan Chase may consider a range of internationally recognized principles to inform the Firm’s ern slavery related risks in our operations, business activities of our clients and customers and in our supply chain, approach in managing certain E S risks.

These include: please refer to our FY2021 Modern Slavery Statement.

Principles, Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, Social Sustainable Sustainability Linked Bond Principles, etc.

We have established processes and procedures to report and respond to suspected a whole, the risk of cyber attacks and other threats to information security contin ment program.

That program focuses on execution of the compliance and opera or actual data privacy incidents that may compromise the confdentiality, integrity ues to evolve and grow.

In addition, the individuals with whom the Firm interacts tional risk oversight of data management and privacy governance, controls, and or availability of personal information and provide our employees the ability to expect that our data practices are safe and lawful.

Data privacy and cybersecurity remediation activities in the Firm.

The Firm’s privacy framework outlines roles and make reports through our internal systems.

Our centralized process requires escala therefore remain top priorities for our Firm.

At the same time, greater reliance on responsibilities, sets policies and standards, directs advisory requests, and provides tion to a dedicated incident response team for severity assessment, mitigation, root remote work given our hybrid working model has only further underscored the protocols for monitoring, reporting, and escalation of key privacy risks and issues.

As a global fnancial institution, our Firm collects, processes, uses, shares and dis of Directors.

Our multi stakeholder approach to oversight and governance is embed data incidents.

We provide regular training and awareness to our work force, not only on core privacy obligations and how to meet them, but also on positions all manner of personal and fnancial information every day, and we have emerging risks, trends and new developments.

Information on how we collect, process, use, share and disposition personal infor ulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate.

We take a multi faceted approach mation, as well as rights that individuals may have with respect to their personal to addressing privacy and data protection risks, including maintaining and evolving information and how to exercise them, is available on our websites and upon our internal controls, establishing policies covering all stages of the data lifecycle request through multiple channels.

In addition to traditional privacy notices, we and deploying appropriate technology.

Our Firmwide internal policy on personal information applies globally to our legal keeping personal fnancial information safe.

The policy sets forth minimum requirements, including that personal information is security measures designed to safeguard the confdentiality, integrity and availabil processed for defned purposes.

The policy also specifes the use of privacy by ity of personal information.

JPMorgan Chase regularly engages with lawmakers and civil society on policy issues related to data protection and privacy, including the development and moderniza tion of U.S. federal and state privacy laws.

We will continue to support policy that protects people and their personal information, promotes organizational account ability and enables benefcial data driven innovation.

Cyber attacks are a threat not just to our Firm, but also to our clients and the global software, networks and other technology assets on a daily basis from various with each of our lines of business and corporate functions, identifes technology and fnancial system.

We have increased our eforts to educate shareholders and cus actors, including groups acting on behalf of hostile countries, cyber criminals, cybersecurity risks and is responsible for the controls to manage these threats.

As threats to cybersecurity grow in size and sophistication, protecting our Firm, cus tomers and vendors while enabling innovation is an important, evolving priority.

When we enter new businesses and adopt new technologies, these risks and chal bilities, upgrade opportunities and new defense layers.

Our cybersecurity incident response plan is designed to allow us to react to attempted breaches, coordinate our response with law enforcement and notify customers, when applicable.

We also contribute to eforts to build and maintain systemic resiliency.

We are a member of the Financial Services Information Sharing Analysis Center, an intelli gence sharing cooperative for the fnancial services industry.

Its more than 22,000 users in more than 75 countries share best practices and exercises to better secure lenges multiply.

The CTC organization’s eforts are overseen by management at multiple levels, the sector for the beneft of the public and the resiliency and integrity of fnancial rity.

Our eforts are designed to stop malicious actors from infltrating our computer including technology management, greater Firmwide management and the Firm’s institutions.

For example, through the CB, we provide cli recommended changes, cybersecurity policies and practices, and ongoing eforts to risk to the nation’s critical energy and fnancial infrastructure.

JPMorgan Chase also participates in public private partnerships and, over the losses, such as a client ransomware guide and business email compromise toolkit.

To help safeguard the confdentiality, integrity and availability of our infrastructure, our defenses.

Our cybersecurity controls, governance and practices are based on including incident notifcation, software bill of materials, zero trust and evolving resources and information, we maintain a robust Information Security Program.

U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) standards.

Profle from the Cyber Risk Institute, which provides the framework by which these tinue to support policy that protects the global fnancial system as a whole, as well tacks.

Since our employees serve as the frst line of defense, we educate, train and various best practices are aligned with and integrated into our technology and as improving the nation’s cybersecurity.

Firm’s resources and information, and report any unusual activity or incidents.

Employees are required to complete cybersecurity training and complete quarterly independently evaluate our capabilities and identify areas for improvement.

We also require certain third party vendors to comply with minimum security and con trol standards, our Supplier Code of Conduct, and all applicable laws and regulations.

We also discuss cybersecurity risks with law enforcement, government ofcials, peer groups and trade associations.

Employees are required to raise concerns about misconduct and report any poten tomers, employees, suppliers, shareholders and other stakeholders.

Conduct, Business Principles and other internal policies and procedures are law or regulation.

Employees, directors, suppliers and customers can report known designed to promote a culture of respect that allows every employee to feel safe at or suspected violations to our Conduct Hotline via phone, online or mobile device.

It is operated by a third party service provider and is acces sible 24 7 worldwide, with translation services available.

Our Code of Conduct highlights the personal responsibility of every employee to an issue in good faith or assists with an investigation.

Reporting obligations to the operate with the highest standards of integrity, transparency and ethical conduct.

It company do not prevent employees from reporting to the government or regulators emphasizes the importance of avoiding real and perceived conficts of interest, pro conduct that they believe violates the law.

It is our policy to promptly review all tecting confdential information and maintaining a workplace that is free from potential violations and take action as appropriate.

Under our policy, confdentiality threats, intimidation, and physical harm.

Ethics and culture are key focus areas of our Board of Directors.

The Board’s Com employees must afrm their compliance with the Code.

In general, consultants, pensation Management Development Committee is responsible for overseeing the agents and contract or temporary workers are expected to comply with the underly governance framework that underpins our Firmwide culture of ethics and receives ing principles of the Code.

An additional Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals regular updates from management, including regarding certain material risk and applies to the CEO, CFO and other fnance, accounting, corporate treasury, tax and control issues where misconduct is the root cause.

This committee holds a periodic investor relations roles.

We reinforce these expectations through various channels, including senior leaders’ communications with employees, town hall meetings and culture and conduct re lated questions in our employee surveys.

In addition, Acting with Integrity is one cri joint session with the Risk Committee, in which directors are briefed by senior man agement on conduct related matters.

The Audit Committee periodically receives reports on the Code of Conduct program and assists the Board in providing over sight of compliance with the Firm’s ethical standards, policies, plans and proce terion used to evaluate employees during their annual reviews.

JPMorgan Chase employees are expected to operate with the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and ethical conduct.

Our Firm has a principle of zero tolerance for bribery and corruption.

Anti Corruption Policy prohibits ofering or giving anything of value to and solicit its lending businesses and in all jurisdictions where it conducts business.

Through our Supplier Code of Conduct, we set out our Business Principles ing or accepting anything of value from anyone for a corrupt purpose, such as of our mission of providing quality fnancial services to existing and prospective cus that we expect our suppliers to adhere to, such as operational excellence, fairness, improper payments or benefts to government ofcials or private parties for a busi tomers in accordance with all applicable laws.

In the United States, those fair lend and environmental and social responsibility.

The program includes a governance structure managed by anti cor ing laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, as well ruption professionals with senior management oversight, training and awareness as other state and local laws.

These laws require, among other things, the equitable activities and monitoring and testing for compliance.

Employees are required to treatment of all credit applicants without regard to race, sex (including gender, gen complete anti corruption training.

We are also committed to participating in international eforts to combat money laundering, sanctions evasions and the funding of terrorist activities.

Program designed to comply with anti money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate.

We are also part of the Wolfsberg Group, an association of banks which seeks to develop frameworks and guidance for the management of fnancial crime risks, including the founda tional Wolfsberg Anti Money Laundering Principles for Private Banking.

The expec tation around fair treatment of our current and potential customers extends to every aspect of a credit transaction, including not only how we review credit requests, but also our advertising, handling of pre application inquiries, loan dis bursements, and ongoing servicing of the loan.

We believe it is important to be clear and transparent in our advertising and market ing.

The Firm seeks to comply with applicable laws and regulations on responsible and fair marketing practices.

Our sales employees are expected to communicate with customers in a clear, truthful and complete manner and to provide them with rele vant information to make an informed decision.

Our lines of business are required to have an established procedure for reviewing all new and revised marketing materi als, terms and conditions, disclaimers and other customer communications.

Our suppliers respond to annual targeted surveys through which we assess how well they manage issues such as labor practices, human rights, environmental manage ment, and occupational health and safety.

We believe that the efective manage ment of these issues, including adherence to applicable laws and regulations, reduces potential risk to both JPMorgan Chase and our suppliers.

In 2022, we enhanced our supplier DEI standards and clarifed requirements for suppliers.

DEI practices of our suppliers are assessed and monitored.

We have set up a Supply Network collective comprised of supplier management stakeholders across the Firm, including vendor management, sourcing and procure ment, and fnance and business management, which aims to promote community, connectivity and collaboration as ways to improve JPMorgan Chase's supply chain.

The Firm leverages its relationships with its key suppliers to promote increased spend ing with underrepresented businesses and provides them with guidance in building their own supplier diversity programs 85% of the suppliers enrolled in the Firm’s sup plier diversity mentorship program launched new supplier diversity programs in 2022.

For more information on our eforts to improve supplier diversity, see page 33.

Employees and community partners come together for the JPMorgan Chase Bus Tour, Dallas, Texas.

Prohibited Activities and Sensitive Sectors Activities and Locations ing, customer privacy and socioeconomic compliance.

The index below includes GRI indicators that are relevant to our business.

Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire Firm and are as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Note: Reporting frequency is annually, and aligns to the Firm’s fnancial reporting period.

Note: We did not seek external assurance for the contents of this report.

Note: JPMorgan Chase does business with over 19,000 suppliers globally across a wide range of product service categories.

Our third party vendor spend is spread across categories such as real estate, professional services, tech nology, marketing, document production, printing, ship ping and travel, among others.

Note: Our Corporate Sustainability team, which is led by the Global Head of Sustainability who reports to the Global Head of Corporate Responsibility, oversees the develop ment of our sustainability reporting.

Note: JPMorgan Chase supports employee rights and seeks to adhere to local laws regarding the freedom of association and collective employee action.

We also have relationships with trade unions and work councils in the regions where we operate as well as through many of our vendors.

Most JPMorgan Chase employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements and no U.S. based employees are subject to collective bargaining agree ments.

JPMorgan Chase’s Code of Conduct sets forth the Firm’s expectations for each employee.

The Code of Con duct provides the principles that govern employee conduct with clients, customers, shareholders and one another, as well as with the markets and communities in which JPMor gan Chase does business.

Employees are encouraged to raise any concerns through multiple channels identifed in the Code of Conduct.

Note: Employees are required to complete anti corruption training.

Note on the Firm’s legal proceedings: As of December 31, 2022, the Firm and its subsidiaries and afliates are defen dants or respondents in numerous legal proceedings, including private, civil litigations, government investiga tions or regulatory enforcement matters.

The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintif to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class mem bers.

Investigations and regulatory enforcement matters involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self regulatory organizations.

These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudica tion, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the Firm’s lines of business and several geographies and a wide variety of claims (including common law tort and con tract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and con sumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories.

For further discussion, please refer to JPMorgan Chase Co.'s publicly fled disclosures, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q fled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at: https: jpmorgancha seco.gcs web.com fnancial information sec flings).

Note: Management of material topics is included in the rel evant topical standards below.

Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi cator 2 27).

Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi cator 2 27).

Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi cator 2 27).

Note: Fair and transparent communications is an import ant marketing communications topic for JPMorgan Chase, which we discuss on page 60 of our ESG report.

Note: It is JPMorgan Chase’s policy to follow U.S. and global laws regarding reporting breaches of customer data, including notices to individuals, regulators and other entities.

In addition, JPMorgan Chase provides information regarding risks related to cybersecurity in its SEC flings.

Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi cator 2 27).

Investment Banking Brokerage and Mortgage Finance.

Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire Firm and are as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Note on the Firm’s legal proceedings: JPMorgan Chase Co. and or its sub sidiaries (collectively, the frm ) are defendants or putative defendants in numerous legal proceedings, including private civil litigations and regulatory government investigations.

The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintif to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class members and cover a wide range of issues.

Investigations involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self regulatory organizations.

These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the frm's lines of business and geographies and a wide variety of claims (including com mon law tort and contract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and con sumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories.

Based on current knowledge, the frm believes it has asserted meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceed ings, intends to defend itself vigorously in all such matters.

For further discus sion, please refer to JPMorgan Chase Co.'s publicly fled disclosures, includ ing its most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q fled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at: https: jpmorganchaseco.gcs web.com fnancial information sec flings).

The following lists of prohibited activities and sensitive sectors, activities and locations are non exhaustive and relate to the environment and human rights, including modern slavery and child labor.

We prohibit other sectors and activities and or subject them to escalation for enhanced review.

The information provided in this appendix refects JPMorgan Chase’s approach to certain clients and transactions as at April 19, 2023, and is subject to change without notice.

We do not undertake to update any of such information.

Modern Slavery and Child Labor: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of forced.

Coal fred power generation: labor, harmful child labor, human trafcking or modern slavery.

World Heritage Sites: We will not provide project fnancing or other forms of asset specifc fnancing where the asset specifc fnancing where the proceeds will be used to develop a greenfeld coal fred power plant or the proceeds will be used to develop within UNESCO World Heritage sites, unless there is prior consensus from both expansion and or refnancing of an existing coal fred power plant.

List of Acronyms the host government authorities and UNESCO that such operations will not adversely afect the Outstanding Uni capture and sequestration technology will be considered on a case by case basis.

Global Reporting Initiative Index versal Value of the site.

Prohibition on development of greenfeld coal mines: We will not provide project fnancing or other forms of asset specifc fnancing where the proceeds will be used to develop a greenfeld coal mine or expansion of an existing coal mine.

The Arctic48: We will not provide project fnance or other forms of asset specifc fnancing where the proceeds will be used for new upstream, midstream or downstream greenfeld oil and gas development in the Arctic, including the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.

Illegal logging: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of illegal logging.

Prohibition on fnancing for coal mining clients: We will not provide fnancial services to clients deriving the trafcking.

By the end of 2024, we will also phase out our remain ing credit exposure to such clients.

Prohibition on fnancing to clients involved in mountaintop mining: We will not provide fnancial services to coal mining clients involved in mountaintop mining.

Uncontrolled fre: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of intentional burning of tropical rainforest and or peatlands for agricultural purposes.

Soy: Non U.S. clients involved in production, refning or trading of soy.50 facilitate a comprehensive understanding of the transaction and associated risks.

Growers producers (non U.S.): We require Roundtable on Responsible Soy ( RTRS ) certifcation.

Processors traders (purchasing non U.S. soy): We expect sustainable sourcing policies in place and a RTRS chain of custody certifcation.

Coal fred Power Generation: Clients with operations involving coal fred power.

Forestry and logging: Clients involved in forestry and logging.

Large Hydroelectric Power Generation: Clients involved in hydroelectric power ( 20MW plants).

Growers producers (plantations and mills): We require Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) mem bership and their adoption of a No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation ( NDPE ) Policy.

RSPO certifcation or a time bound plan to achieve certifcation within a reasonable timeframe.

Pellets pulp and paper: We expect adoption of a sustainable sourcing policy and chain of custody certifcation.

Cattle: Non U.S. clients involved in the rearing of cattle or processing of beef products.

Locations: tion or a time bound plan to achieve certifcation within a reasonable timeframe.

Traders: We expect RSPO membership, along with a sustainable sourcing policy that includes a target to achieve 100% RSPO certifed sourcing, and a RSPO chain of custody certifcation.

To contact Sustainability, email sustainability.jpmc jpmchase.com.

To contact Investor Relations, email JPMCinvestorrelations jpmchase.com.

Information about J.P. Morgan’s capabilities can be found at jpmorgan.com and about Chase’s capabilities at chase.com.

Information about JPMorgan Chase Co. is available at jpmorganchase.com.

Other words or symbols in this report that iden tify other parties’ goods or services may be trademarks or service marks of those other parties.

The information provided in this report refects JPMorgan Chase’s approach to ESG as at the date of this report and is subject to change without notice.

We do not undertake to update any of such information in this report.

Any references to sustainable investing , sustainable investments , ESG or similar terms in this report are intended as references to the internally defned criteria of the Firm or our businesses only, as applicable, and not to any jurisdiction specifc regulatory defnition.

Our approach to inclusion of disclosures in this report is informed by the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) and relevant Sector Standards, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) reporting standards and is diferent from disclosures included in mandatory regulatory reporting, including under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulations.

While this report describes events, including potential future events, that may be signifcant, any signifcance does not necessarily equate to the level of materiality of disclosures required under U.S. federal securities laws.

This report is not intended to, nor can it be relied on, to create legal relations, rights or obligations.

This report contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

These statements relate to, among other things, our goals, commitments, targets, aspirations, approaches, and objectives, and are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to signifcant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond JPMorgan Chase’s control.

Expected results or actions may difer from the anticipated goals, approaches, and targets set forth in the for ward looking statements.

Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase’s actual results to difer materially from those described in the forward looking statements include the necessity of technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behavior, the need for thoughtful cli mate polices, the potential impact of legal and regulatory obligations, and the challenge of balancing our commitment to short term targets with the need to facilitate an orderly and just transition and energy security.

Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and Current Reports on Form 8 K fled with the SEC.

Those reports are available on JPMorgan Chase’s website (https: jpmorganchaseco.gcs web.com ir sec other flings overview) and on the Securities and Exchange Com mission’s website (https: www.sec.gov ).

JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update any forward looking statements.

This report does not include all applicable terms or issues and is not intended as an ofer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any fnancial instrument or as an ofcial confrmation of any transaction or a recommendation for any investment product or strategy.

Any and all transactions (including potential transactions) presented herein are for illustration purposes only.

This material does not and should not be deemed to constitute an advertisement or marketing of the Firm’s products and or services or an advertisement to the public.

No reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this document shall be deemed to form part of this report.

Information contained in this report has been obtained from sources, including those publicly available, believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty is made by JPMorgan Chase as to the quality, completeness, accuracy, ftness for a particular purpose or non infringement of such information.

JPMorgan Chase herein shall not be deemed to grant a license to any third party.

JPMorgan Chase to promote its products or services.