From time to time, Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries (RBC, we , us or our) make written or oral forward looking statements within the meaning of certain securities laws, including the safe harbour provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and any applicable Canadian securities legislation.

We may make forward looking statements in this Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Performance Report 2022 dated March 6, 2023 (the Report), in other filings with Canadian regulators or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), in other reports to shareholders and in other communications.

Forward looking statements in this Report include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our economic, environmental (including climate), social and governance related objectives, vision, commitments, goals, metrics and targets, including our initial 2030 interim emissions reduction targets (interim targets), as well as our impacts, our intention to achieve our interim targets, an orderly and inclusive transition to a net zero economy, our commitments to help our clients transition to net zero and the importance of their emissions reduction commitments, that the transition to a net zero economy will require unprecedented cooperation, action, and collaboration from many parties, that the baselines we have set in connection with certain commitments may require revisions, our financed emissions measurements and disclosures, our use of estimates, our beliefs about future data availability, the causes and impacts of climate change globally, including our economies and communities in which RBC and our clients operate, our strategies to identify, mitigate and adapt to climate related risks, and our approach to climate related opportunities.

The forward looking information contained in this Report is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding our vision, commitments, goals, metrics and targets, as well as our economic, environmental (including climate), social and governance related impacts and objectives, including the ways we intend to address climate related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, metrics and targets, and may not be appropriate for other purposes.

Forward looking statements are typically identified by words such as believe , expect , expectation , aim , achieve , foresee , forecast , anticipate , predict , intend , estimate , commit , goal , plan , strive , objective , target and project , and similar expressions of future or conditional verbs such as will , may , might , should , could or would .

By their very nature, forward looking statements require us to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, which give rise to the possibility that our predictions, forecasts, projections, expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that our assumptions may not be correct, and that our objectives, vision, commitments, goals, targets and strategies to mitigate and adapt to climate related risks and opportunities, and economic, environmental, social and governance related impacts and objectives will not be achieved.

Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in preparing this Report continue to evolve and are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not be considered guarantees.We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements as a number of risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in such forward looking statements.

These factors many of which are beyond our control and the effects of which can be difficult to predict include but are not limited to: the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate related measurement methodologies, climate related conditions and weather events, the need for active and continuing participation and action of various stakeholders (including governmental and non governmental organizations, other financial institutions, businesses and individuals), technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across economies, the need for thoughtful climate policies around the world, the challenges of balancing emission reduction targets with an orderly and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that impact global energy needs, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to successfully implement various initiatives throughout the company under expected time frames, the risk that initiatives will not be completed within a specified period or at all or with the results or outcomes as originally expected or anticipated by RBC, the compliance of various third parties with our policies and procedures, and their commitment to us financial market conditions, our business operations, our financial results, condition and objectives, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance (which could lead to us being subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, the potential outcome of which could include regulatory restrictions, penalties and fines), strategic, reputation, competitive, legal and regulatory environment and systemic risks and other risks.

Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations in such forward looking statements can be found in the risk sections of our Annual Report for the year ended October 31, 2022 (2022 Annual Report) and the Risk management section of our Quarterly Report for the three month period ended January 31, 2023 (Q1 2023 Report to Shareholders).

We caution that the foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive and other factors could also adversely affect our results.

When relying on our forward looking statements to make decisions with respect to us, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events.

Material economic assumptions underlying the forward looking statements contained in this Report are set out in the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook section and for each business segment under the Strategic priorities and Outlook headings in our 2022 Annual Report, as updated by the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook section of our Q1 2023 Report to Shareholders.

Except as required by law, none of RBC nor its affiliates undertake to update any forward looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf.

Additional information about these and other factors can be found in the risk sections of our 2022 Annual Report and in the Risk management section of our Q1 2023 Report to Shareholders.

This Report includes certain information that highlights our progress to date in advancing how we manage climate related risks and opportunities and in implementing the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.

This Report is provided solely for informational purposes, and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell any security, product or service in any jurisdiction nor is it intended to provide investment, financial, legal, accounting, tax or other advice, and such information should not be relied or acted upon for providing such advice.

Nothing in this Report shall form the basis of or be relied upon in connection with any contract, commitment or investment decision whatsoever.

The recipient is solely liable for any use of the information contained in this Report, and neither RBC nor any of its affiliates nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall be held responsible for any direct or indirect damages arising from the use of this Report by the recipient.

Climate metrics, data and other information contained in this Report, including but not limited to information relating to our net zero related commitments, goals, and targets, including our interim targets, financed emissions, and emissions from our own operations, are or may be based on assumptions, estimates and judgements.

In addition, as discussed herein, some of the information provided, including regarding financed emissions, the baseline for setting interim targets and the interim targets, is based on estimated data with very limited supporting documentation.

For example, we have not independently verified or assessed the assumptions underlying the data we have obtained from our clients and other third parties that we use to set, track and report on our progress towards meeting our interim targets.

Moreover, the data needed to define our pathway towards reaching our interim targets may be limited in quality, unavailable or inconsistent across the sectors we choose to focus on.

Given their inherent uncertainty and complexity, and the significant issues with some of the underlying data, assumptions, estimates and judgements believed to be reasonable at the time of the preparation of this Report may subsequently turn out to be inaccurate, and our goals and the interim targets set forth in this Report may need to be changed.

In addition, many of the assumptions, estimates, standards, methodologies, scenarios, metrics and measurements used in preparing this Report continue to evolve and may differ significantly from those used by other companies and those that may be used by us in the future.

Legislative and regulatory changes, market developments and or changes in data availability and reliability could also materially affect these assumptions, estimates, standards, methodologies, scenarios, metrics and measurements used by us and or other companies, and could therefore materially affect the comparability of the information and data across industries or companies and from one reporting period to a subsequent reporting period, as well as our ability to achieve our commitments, goals and targets.

Any commitments, goals and targets discussed in this Report, including but not limited to the net zero related commitments, goals and targets, as well as our interim targets for clients in the oil gas, power generation, and automotive sectors, are aspirational and may need to be changed or recalibrated as available data improves and as climate science, transition pathways and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve.

In setting our interim targets, we recognize that there are significant gaps between our baselines and our targets.

The achievement of our interim targets set forth in this Report, any of our future emission reduction targets and our ultimate goal of achieving net zero in our lending by 2050 will depend on the collective efforts and actions across a wide range of stakeholders outside of our control, and there can be no assurance that they will be achieved.

See Caution Regarding Forward Looking Statements on page i.

RBC’s commitment to achieving net zero emissions in our lending by 2050 is not inclusive of the activities of and the assets under management by RBC Global Asset Management and RBC Wealth Management as defined in endnote 1.

This Report and the information contained within it is unaudited.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) has performed a limited assurance engagement for a select number of RBC performance indicators, which have been identified with an a symbol throughout this Report.

Other than these select number of identified RBC performance indicators, the remainder of the information contained within this Report was not subject to the limited assurance engagement.

You can read more about the scope of PwC’s work, including the metrics and data in scope of the assurance, on page 109 of this Report.

This Report is intended to provide information from a different perspective and in more detail than is required to be included in mandatory securities filings and other regulatory reports, including filings with Canadian securities regulators and the SEC.

While certain matters discussed in this Report may be of interest and importance to our stakeholders, the use of the terms material , significant , important or similar words or phrases should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes of securities or other laws and regulations.

We have no obligation to update the information or data in this Report.

All references to websites are for your information only.

The content of any websites referred to in this Report, including via website link, and any other websites they refer to are not incorporated by reference in, and do not form part of, this Report.

RBC’s approach to ESG is embedded in our business strategy.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Client First Collaboration Accountability Diversity Inclusion Integrity.

Royal Bank of Canada is a global financial institution with a Purpose driven, principles led approach to delivering leading performance.

Our success comes from the 95,000 employees who leverage their imaginations and insights to bring our Vision, Values and strategy to life so we can help our clients thrive and communities prosper.

As Canada’s biggest bank and one of the largest in the world, based on market capitalization, we have a diversified business model with a focus on innovation and providing exceptional experiences to our 17 million clients in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

As one of the world’s most trusted financial institutions and a partner to millions of clients and thousands of communities, RBC is in a unique position to help make progress possible for the people, places and projects that matter to our collective future.

This year, we continued to invest in building and growing vibrant and inclusive communities, and strengthening our already rigorous culture of good governance.

We’re focused on fostering financial wellbeing, advancing diversity and strengthening inclusion, playing a role in the transition to a net zero future, and empowering young people for the jobs and challenges they may face tomorrow.

We also believe there is tremendous potential for financial markets to play a role in solving the biggest challenges of today, including mitigating climate change.

That’s why RBC has committed to providing 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025 a growth opportunity for our clients and communities.

This Report highlights our accomplishments in 2022 to better serve our employees, clients, communities and the planet across these focus areas, and how we’re holding ourselves accountable as we do so.

Our society cannot move forward to address its biggest challenges if people and communities are at risk of falling behind or being left out completely.

We’re committed to supporting individuals as they build financially healthy and resilient futures.

That means simplifying finances, empowering clients to reach their goals, creating better relationships with money and helping enable more equitable access to financial security.

This year, the global economy and society faced a challenging period defined by rising inflation, volatile markets and geopolitical turmoil.

Whether you’re an individual or a business leader, when the future looks uncertain there’s often a tendency to put long term goals on hold in order to focus on the here and now.

But that simply can’t happen when it comes to our society’s collective commitments to the health and well being of our communities and the planet.

During these challenging times, the leadership, stability and guidance that RBC can bring to our clients and communities is more important than ever.

Our ambition to create positive change and contribute to a more inclusive, sustainable and prosperous future is a business imperative for RBC, and we’re extremely proud of the progress we’ve made on our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) priorities this year.

Creating meaningful value for all of our stakeholders, including clients, employees, shareholders, communities we serve and the planet, is our top priority.

To date, we have helped millions of clients set budgets and have enabled those using Nomi Find Save to save an average of more than 450 per month.

Our ambition to create positive change and contribute to a more inclusive, sustainable and prosperous future is a business imperative for RBC.

And, in collaboration with McGill University, we introduced the McGill Personal Finance Essentials course, which is offered for free online and has had nearly 240,000 registrations since 2019.

Financial wellbeing is about education and empowerment, and we’re working to help clients and communities build foundations that can last a lifetime.

We believe that progress on diversity and inclusion (D I) has no finish line.

At RBC, D I is a value that’s core to our Purpose and a fundamental strength of our organization.

Within our bank, we’re enhancing inclusive leadership by growing the number of Black, Indigenous and people of colour (BIPOC) leaders to help us drive innovation and also better represent the communities we serve.

In 2022, BIPOC talent represented 43 per cent of new hires, 43 per cent of promotions, and 31 per cent of new executive appointments.

Women talent comprised 51 per cent of new hires, 53 per cent of promotions and 43 per cent of new executive appointments.

But our responsibility to drive meaningful change goes beyond RBC.

We must promote these values and take action in the places we live and work too.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

In line with promoting financial wellbeing is our drive to better support individuals and communities in accessing the resources they require to succeed.

We’re proud of our five year, 100 million commitment to supporting Black entrepreneurs and of RBC’s Black Entrepreneur Business Loan Program, which provides eligible Black entrepreneurs in Canada with loans of up to 250,000.

In addition, through our partnership with Futurpreneur, we have supported more than 200 Black entrepreneurs, enabling wealth creation and empowering the entrepreneurial ambitions of diverse young people across Canada.

Climate change is one of the most challenging and pressing issues that our society has faced in generations.

It is impacting where and how we live, our food supply and the world around us.

To address this challenge, RBC is focusing its attention where we believe it can have the biggest impact working with our clients, including those in the high emitting, hard to abate sectors, as they take steps to reduce their emissions.

We reinforced this commitment in October 2022 by releasing our initial 2030 interim emissions reduction targets for lending in three key sectors oil gas, power generation and automotive.

This helps us track and measure how we’re doing in working with our clients as they take steps to reduce their emissions and to keep us accountable along the way.

Further, we are dedicating time and resources to areas that help spark debate, generate ideas and inspire change.

This includes publishing research into the transition pathways for key economic sectors and providing financial grants to more than 100 universities and charities who are working on solutions to environmental challenges.

To reshape our economies and societies, it’s critical that businesses, governments and individuals are working together with greater focus and more ambition.

RBC aims to play a role in helping to coordinate these efforts to bring greener solutions to market and to enable action for an orderly and inclusive transition to net zero.

Of course, tackling the climate transition and other critical challenges will take more than just financial capital we also need human capital.

For years, RBC has been focused on unlocking the potential of people, particularly talent from historically underrepresented groups and young people.

We believe youth are able to see the world in different ways, and diversity of thought and experience drives innovation.

We aren’t able to predict exactly what the future will look like, but one of the best ways we can prepare young people is to give them the resources they need to succeed.

That’s why we created RBC Future Launch a 500 million commitment to prepare youth for the jobs of tomorrow.

Through the program, we’ve reached more than five million young Canadians through tools, scholarships and partnerships.

In 2020, we committed to providing 50 million by 2025 to create meaningful and transformative pathways to prosperity for up to 25,000 BIPOC youth, with investments in areas such as skills development and mentoring.

As of October 31, 2022, we have now contributed nearly 24 million towards this goal.

Good governance is fundamental to our business and it underpins everything that we do.

The board and its committees provide oversight of the bank’s strategic approach to ESG matters, including climate change, with specific subject matter expertise, groups and functions responsible for relevant programs, products, policies, and performance rooted within the business units across the bank.

Our board is responsible for the bank’s business plan, strategy, risk appetite, and culture.

It also oversees our strategic approach to climate change, our enterprise approach to social matters and our governance structure, principles, and guidelines.

As Katie Taylor, our Board Chair, highlighted in RBC’s 2022 Annual Report, Directors serve as stewards of the bank, exercising independent judgement in overseeing management and safeguarding the interests of its shareholders.

We also recognize the bank is not a passive participant in society.

It must and does take responsibility for its commitments and actions.

While it might be hard to imagine in an increasingly disruptive and complex world, I have a great deal of optimism and hope for the year ahead.

Part of the strength of RBC is our ability to adapt to the many needs of our clients and communities.

We believe RBC needs to be both a beacon and an anchor to those we proudly serve.

We’ve embraced this role during recent challenging times, and I’m confident we’ll continue doing so as we navigate what comes next.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Best in Customer Satisfaction among Canada’s big 5 retail banks by J.D.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Below is a list of some of the awards and recognition we’ve received for our efforts in ESG initiatives.

Power 2022 Canada Retail Banking Satisfaction Study: RBC was awarded Best in Customer Satisfaction among Canada’s Big 5 Banks for the third consecutive year.

Ipsos Financial Service Excellence Awards 2022: Customer Service Award Winner among the big 5 retail banks recognized in all 11 categories of the 2022 Ipsos Financial Service Excellence Awards, for the 2nd consecutive year.

Canada’s Top 100 Employers: RBC was selected as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc. for the past 14 years (2009 2022).

RBC has also been recognized as one of the top employers for diversity, young people and professional development, and as one of Canada’s Greenest Employers by MediaCorp Canada Inc.

Canada’s Best Diversity Employers: For the 12th time between 2009 and 2022, RBC was named one of Canada’s Best Diversity Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc. in a national competition that recognizes organizations for diversity and inclusion.

Canada’s Top Employers for Young People: RBC was recognized as one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People (2022) , which honours employers that offer the nation’s best workplaces and programs for young people just starting their careers.

Best Workplaces in Canada: RBC was named one of the Best Workplaces in Canada for 14 years running (2009 2022) by the Great Place to Work Institute.

RBC was also named one of the Best Workplaces for Hybrid Work .

Member of the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI): For the sixth consecutive year (2017 2022), RBC has been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI) , an annual review that measures gender equality across internal company statistics, employee policies, external community support and engagement and gender conscious product offerings.

Kantar BrandZ Most Valuable Global Brands: RBC was named the 1 Most Valuable Brand in Canada for the fourth consecutive year and the 2 Most Valuable Bank Brand Globally in 2022, ranking 57th in Kantar BrandZ’ Global Top 100 Brands.

Member of the Refinitiv Diversity Inclusion Index: For the fourth consecutive year, RBC was pleased to be ranked in the Refinitiv Top 100 Diversity Inclusion Index.

The D I Index ranks over 12,000 companies globally and identifies the top 100 publicly traded companies with the most diverse and inclusive workplaces, as measured by 24 separate metrics across four key pillars.

Top 30 Employer for Working Families: For the seventh year in a row, RBC was ranked as a Top 30 family friendly employer in the UK according to Working Families’ Top Employers Benchmark.

It captures the experiences of 450,000 employees from various UK companies and is the only benchmark that measures all aspects of flexible working and work life policies and practices.

Top 100 Globally for gender equality in 2022 by Equileap: RBC was named one of the top 100 global companies (among 3,895 publicly listed companies) in the 2022 Gender Equality ranking by Equileap based on 19 gender equality criteria, including gender balance, the pay gap and policies relating to parental leave and sexual harassment.

Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index 2022: For the 13th year, RBC Wealth Management U.S. was recognized for implementing policies, benefits and practices to provide greater equity for LGBTQ workers and their families.

Retail Banker International (RBI) Awards: RBC was awarded Best Global Retail Bank by Retail Banker International.

Member of the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index: The Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index comprises North American sustainability leaders as identified by S P Global.

It represents the top 20% of the largest 600 North American companies in the S P Global Broad Market Index (BMI) based on long term economic, environmental and social criteria.

Member of the FTSE4Good Index: The FTSE4Good Index measures the performance of companies demonstrating specific ESG practices.

Introduction2022 ESG PERFORMANCE REPORT  Table of Contents.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

We regularly monitor the development of international ESG reporting regulations, standards and frameworks for their relevance and usability, along with the expectations of our stakeholders regarding these standards.

The structure and content of this Report are informed by the: data for fiscal 2022 as well as the two preceding years to present a wider view of trends in our performance over a three year period.

All amounts in this document are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.

U.S. dollars and British pounds are converted using the spot exchange rate, as at October 31, 2022 (C 1.00 US 0.734 C 1.00 0.640 ).

Measurements used in this Report are metric, except where otherwise noted.

Please note that key terms used throughout the Report are defined in Appendix VIII: Glossary found on page 107.

The endnotes on page 74, referenced throughout this Report, further define our performance indicators and criteria for measurement.

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) has performed a limited assurance engagement for a select number of RBC performance indicators.

PwC’s independent limited assurance report is on page 109.

This Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Performance Report (the Report ) includes information about Royal Bank of Canada and certain of its subsidiaries, as appropriate and as stated herein (referred to as RBC , we , us , our or the bank ) in this Report.

On September 27th, 2022, RBC closed the acquisition of Brewin Dolphin Holdings PLC (Brewin Dolphin), a UK based wealth management company.

Information, including data, regarding Brewin Dolphin and its subsidiaries is not included in the scope of this Report unless otherwise specified.

This Report provides an overview of our priorities, key performance indicators and highlights from 2022 on ESG factors relevant to financial services companies in general, and to RBC in particular.

It complements information on the results of our operations and financial condition in our 2022 Annual Report and our governance and executive compensation information in our 2023 Management Proxy Circular (available at rbc.com).

A set of policy and program reports provides additional information on the policies, procedures and programs regarding our priorities and supports this Report.

Previous reports are available on our Corporate Citizenship Reporting and Performance website.

Previous content included in the following policy and program reports has been integrated into this ESG Performance Report: About Corporate Citizenship, Value for Clients and Value for Communities.

All data and examples in this Report reflect activities undertaken during the 2022 fiscal year (November 1, 2021 October 31, 2022), unless otherwise noted.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Our ability to manage ESG matters is fundamental to our long term success.

It enables us to deliver on our Purpose and to create meaningful value for our diverse stakeholder groups.

Recognizing the positive impact employees make at RBC and also for our clients and communities we serve, we attract, develop and retain the right talent through learning and growth opportunities, and creating a diverse and inclusive culture.

We enhance shareholder value through our financial performance a robust capital position, balance sheet and credit ratings which reflect our strong governance a culture that influences RBC at every level and across all our global businesses.

Good governance is fundamental to our business, and it underpins everything that we do.

Through our enterprise climate strategy, the RBC Climate Blueprint, we are accelerating the pace of climate action by helping our clients transition to net zero holding ourselves accountable by setting targets and measuring progress informing and inspiring action by sharing ideas and insights and supporting innovation and advancing net zero leadership in our own operations.

We provide products, services and advice to support the unique and evolving needs and expectations of our clients.

This includes delivering meaningful advice and solutions, working with strategic partners to amplify value and accelerating our focus on innovation and digital strategies.

We strive to create positive social and economic impact in the communities where we live and work.

From disaster relief to mental health to diversity and inclusion, we play an important role in helping those who need it most.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

RBC has a long history of supporting ESG related causes and initiatives.

From the days of RBC’s first community investment in 1891, we have been active in the communities where we live and work, including being engaged in important issues relevant to society.

Over the last 20 years, we have accelerated our focus on ESG with the goal of creating long term, sustainable value for our stakeholders.

Became first Canadian bank to adopt the Equator Principles on environmental and social risk.

Launched the RBC Environmental Blueprint to cover RBC’s environmental policy, priorities and objectives.

Received the Catalyst Award, an annual global award given to companies with an exceptional commitment to women and minorities.

Committed 500 million by 2025 to prepare 3 million youth for the future of work.

Announced commitment of 100 billion in sustainable finance by 2025.

Established Sustainable Finance Group and issued inaugural green bond.

Became the first major Canadian financial institution to partner with Bullfrog Power Inc. to purchase renewable energy credits.

Launched the RBC Blue Water Project , our 10 year, 50 million global charitable commitment to protect water.

Became the first major Canadian bank to appoint a woman as Chair of the Board.

Appointed the first woman head to lead the largest business segment at RBC.

Published the RBC Human Rights Position Statement.

Published the RBC Action Plan Against Systemic Racism.

Signed first Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with BluEarth Renewables Inc. for a solar farm project in Alberta.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

We take a disciplined approach to defining our ESG strategic priorities and signature programs, taking into account the drivers of economic prosperity and the forces of change that affect those we serve.

RBC is working to build a more inclusive, sustainable and prosperous future.

We do so by harnessing the power of our Purpose helping clients thrive and communities prosper and by tackling some of society’s greatest challenges in the communities where we live and work.

In 2022, we focused on advancing our four ESG strategic priorities: climate change, diversity and inclusion, youth success and financial wellbeing.

These strategic priorities were chosen based on our ability to make an impact through what we do, what we offer and what we influence.

We measure the impact of our ESG strategic priorities and signature programs to inform our programming decisions and shape our overarching strategy.

We work with our partners, focusing efforts on meaningful and impactful opportunities.

We leverage our more than money’ levers such as thought leadership, the power to connect and convene, and the expertise and involvement of our employees to advance our work.

In addition to our ESG strategic priorities, there are many other ESG focus areas that touch our business and communities.

We continue to manage and monitor our performance including in these ESG areas that fall outside of our ESG strategic priorities and signature programs.

ESG factors are integrated into our business strategies, risk management practices and operations, allowing us to respond to the issues that matter most to our stakeholders and our business.

Our ESG governance model balances the board and its committees’ oversight of ESG matters with subject matter expertise, rooted within functions and business units across the bank.

RBC is on a journey monitoring and listening to our stakeholders to identify how best to address some of the most pressing challenges faced by the communities we serve.

In the context of our role in society, we bring our scale and assets to respond to these challenges and to make a measurable contribution.

Together, RBC is striving to drive measurable positive impact for our ever evolving society.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

We are organized to deliver on ESG strategic priorities with strong governance.

Create sustainable, vibrant and inclusive communities.

Continue to enhance core governance practices to manage risk, build trust and lead with purpose.

The board and its committees provide oversight of the bank’s strategic approach to ESG matters, including climate change, with specific subject matter expertise, groups and functions responsible for relevant programs, products, policies, and performance rooted within the business units across the bank.

Please refer to page 38 of the Proxy Circular for the board committee mandates in respect to ESG.

The ESG DC enables RBC to respond to the evolving ESG reporting ecosystem, growing investor demands and the need for enhanced controls in this evolving space.

The governance committee of the board advises the board on ESG matters, including climate change, and oversees ESG reporting for the board and the bank’s corporate citizenship strategy.

The RBC disclosure committee (DC) reviews and approves ESG disclosures including this ESG Performance Report.

In addition, aligned with our ESG strategic priorities, we have built in ESG considerations into our design of the executive compensation program to drive leadership accountability in advancing positive change.

Please refer to page 76 of the Proxy Circular for more information on executive compensation, in respect to ESG.

At RBC, we continue to reflect on our focus areas annually, keeping a pulse on some of society’s greatest challenges and where we can deliver the most value.

To identify our ESG focus areas, we conduct an annual review looking at themes that are increasingly important to our stakeholders.

We examine our interactions, conduct a forward looking assessment of risks to the organization and monitor priority ESG reporting frameworks, ESG rating agencies, industry trends and independent research.

In 2022, we commissioned Deloitte, an independent consultancy, to facilitate a cross enterprise review of the most important ESG topics affecting our stakeholders, employees and business objectives.

The assessment took insights from investor surveys, ESG rating agencies and input from internal stakeholders, including an executive workshop, to review what stakeholders believed to be the most important ESG topics facing our various domains.

Key ESG focus areas were selected and categorized based on the degree of impact on RBC and RBC’s ability to effect change in the area.

Identifying, managing and incorporating top and emerging risks as part of our process to determine ESG focus areas ensures a forward looking risk assessment is maintained by management in the course of business development and is part of the execution of ongoing risk oversight responsibilities.

As an outcome of this process, we validated the continued relevance of the 18 focus areas from the prior year.

There were no changes to the focus areas identified in 2022 over the previous year.

We continue to scan the external environment and work with our stakeholders to assess issues as they evolve.

Identified 18 ESG focus areas as the most important to our stakeholders and RBC.

Grouped each ESG focus area based on how it brings value to RBC’s stakeholders and our business.

Internal stakeholders reviewed ESG focus areas as part of the ESG priority validation process.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

We have organized our ESG focus areas under five categories 1) Governance Integrity, 2) Value for Employees, 3) Value for Clients, 4) Value for Communities and 5) Value for Planet to illustrate how our actions and performance in each of these areas create value for our stakeholders and for RBC.

These are a combination of foundational and critical focus areas that we monitor and manage.

The ESG focus areas and ESG strategic priorities are not listed in any particular order of importance.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Goal associated with continuous improvement over the prior year or the three year rolling average.

Goal associated with maintaining performance over the prior year.

N A Goals or performance metrics are not applicable.

We do not currently have goals associated with these performance metrics.

We continue to advance our performance management and reporting program, including consideration of goal setting for additional ESG performance metrics in future reporting.

Please see page 109 for PwC’s Independent Limited Assurance Report.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Goal associated with continuous improvement over the prior year or the three year rolling average.

Goal associated with maintaining performance over the prior year.

N A Goals or performance metrics are not applicable.

We do not currently have goals associated with these performance metrics.

We continue to advance our performance management and reporting program, including consideration of goal setting for additional ESG performance metrics in future reporting.

PwC provided limited assurance over this figure in 2022.

Please see page 109 for PwC’s Independent Limited Assurance Report.

In 2022, additional sources of emissions that relate to fuel purchased for company owned transportation (Scope 1) and travel from employees (Scope 3) were identified.

The data from these sources was obtained for the years from 2018 (baseline year) onwards and reported Scope 1 and 3 GHG emissions are restated in the above table.

The total sum of additional tonnes between 2018 and 2021 is 3,513 tonnes.

We offset these emissions as part of the 2022 reporting cycle and the purchased offsets have been included in the year to which they relate.

Please refer to Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics and the Metrics Targets section of the 2022 Climate Report on page 46.

About RBC CEO message 2022 highlights Awards recognition About this Report Delivering value Our approach to ESG Our ESG focus areas Statement of Performance Governance Integrity.

Goal associated with continuous improvement over the prior year or the three year rolling average.

Goal associated with maintaining performance over the prior year.

N A Goals or performance metrics are not applicable.

We do not currently have goals associated with these performance metrics.

We continue to advance our performance management and reporting program, including consideration of goal setting for additional ESG performance metrics in future reporting.

PwC provided limited assurance over this figure in 2022.

Please see page 109 for PwC’s Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

For more information on our programs, policies and practices related to governance and integrity, please see our About Governance and Integrity policy and programs report.

A more inclusive, sustainable and prosperous future for a business is grounded in a robust governance framework that is transparent, accountable and ethical.

We earn the trust and confidence of our stakeholders to achieve our priorities and deliver on our Purpose through our governance processes.

Governance and integrity are critical to our sound decision making for the long term success of our business and of our stakeholders.

At RBC, we are committed to high standards of governance that are consistent with regulatory expectations and evolving best practices and aligned with our strategy and risk appetite.

We believe that good governance is not just about overseeing RBC and its practices, but doing so in a way that is transparent, accountable and with integrity.

It involves an independent board actively engaging with stakeholders, knowing the business and its risks, constructively challenging management, understanding the opportunities and challenges of a changing industry and economy, and setting robust standards and principles that will guide RBC in delivering on its Purpose of helping clients thrive and communities prosper while enhancing value for our shareholders.

Responsible governance practices RBC is committed to the ongoing maintenance and improvement of strong and effective governance practices.

Conduct and trust We believe we have an obligation to serve our clients with integrity and safeguard the trust they put in us.

Risk management We guide and support the integration of environmental and social risk management across RBC, our clients, transactions, products and suppliers.

Human rights RBC is committed to taking actions to meet the responsibility of businesses like ours to respect human rights as set out in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

We are committed to the ongoing improvement of strong and effective governance practices.

The board oversees management in the continuous improvement of our governance approach by incorporating evolving industry trends, regulatory expectations and global best practices when appropriate to RBC.

Our approach to responsible governance is based on the core principles highlighted in our Corporate Governance Framework.

The board supports diversity and inclusion at all levels, in tandem with RBC’s Diversity and Inclusion strategy.

We strive to ensure our director recruitment and succession planning efforts include a wide variety of expertise, perspectives and backgrounds.

In line with our Board Diversity Policy and our commitment to a balanced and diverse board, we also take into consideration other important factors such as gender and non gender diversity, ethnicity, race, ancestral origin, age, geography, background, sexual orientation and other dimensions of diversity.

In particular, the board considers the level of representation of women, BIPOC and other underrepresented groups when considering candidates to nominate.

Providing directors with access to an extensive program of educational opportunities on emerging issues is also a key governance priority for the board.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

RBC Corporate Governance RBC Corporate Governance.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

Our Vision is to be among the world’s most trusted and successful financial institutions.

As a financial services company, we have an obligation to serve our clients with integrity and safeguard the trust they put in us.

We define conduct as the manifestation of culture through the behaviours, judgments, decisions and actions of the organization and its employees.

Our organizational direction establishes the expectation of fair stakeholder outcomes as the operating norm for the organization.

We have expectations in place to promote our risk aware culture of Doing What’s Right .

Risk management principles, including the Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Enterprise Culture and Conduct Risks Framework and business focus on making sure our behaviours, judgments, decisions and actions lead to fair outcomes for clients and employees.

Anti money laundering (AML), anti terrorist financing (ATF) and economic sanctions policies and programs (please refer to the About Governance and Integrity policy and programs report for more on our approach to this topic).

Policies on lobbying and making political contributions (please refer to the Statement on Lobbying and Political Contributions policy and programs report for more on our approach to this topic).

Our Values and our Code of Conduct guide our behaviour and decision making when we serve our clients and when we interact with investors, our fellow employees and our communities.

All employees and contract workers must successfully complete compliance training, and commit to and acknowledge the Code of Conduct annually.

How we achieve our results is as important as the results we achieve.

This mindset is embedded in our culture, mandates and compensation programs.

Biannually, we produce holistic reporting and dashboards for the board on culture and conduct matters such as client complaint handling and outcomes, employee conduct and risk culture as well as the impact on the integrity of financial markets and on our reputation.

Reporting also includes updates from business segments and trend analyses.

Code of Conduct Client Complaints Appeal Office RBC Global Approach to Anti Money.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

Governance Integrity2022 ESG PERFORMANCE REPORT   Table of Contents.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

We strive to maintain open, healthy workplaces where speaking up and diversity of thought are central to our culture and our ability to attract and retain the best talent.

Our audit committee oversees our financial reporting including our tax reporting.

We discuss our tax strategy with the audit committee annually and provide updates on our tax position on a regular basis.

The RBC Leadership Model, which sets out key behaviours expected of our workforce, encourages speaking up for the good of RBC, and our Code of Conduct requires all employees to report actual or possible misconduct, even their own.

Employees are encouraged to speak to their manager, senior management, Human Resources or Compliance so their issues are resolved quickly and objectively.

Our global Conduct Hotline is a confidential channel for all employees and contract workers to report misconduct.

Employees and contract workers can use the hotline to report and track the status of their report anonymously.

RBC is committed to providing employees a fair and transparent process when having their concerns heard and addressed in accordance with our Values.

Investigations are conducted as appropriate by trained professionals in Human Resources, Compliance, Law Group, Privacy Information Security, Internal Audit and Corporate Investigation Services, or by independent external investigators.

In addition to addressing misconduct, we proactively take note of any learnings from the investigations and make recommendations, as appropriate, to enhance our workplace.

RBC is committed to no retaliation for employees who raise concerns or make a report of actual or possible misconduct.

We actively monitor for retaliation, which means, in appropriate cases, periodically following up with employees who raise concerns to identify actions or behaviours that could be found to be retaliatory, and reviewing key indicators such as performance ratings and compensation decisions made in relation to those who report misconduct.

All people managers are accountable for maintaining an environment that prohibits retaliation, promptly escalating concerns and reports of possible or actual misconduct, as required, and following up until addressed.

Our approach to taxation is grounded in principles that are reflected in our Code of Conduct, is governed by our Enterprise Tax Risk Management Policy and incorporates the fundamentals of our risk drivers.

Oversight of our tax policy and the management of tax risk is the responsibility of the Group Executive, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Senior Vice President, Taxation.

With operations in 29 countries, we are subject to Canadian and international tax legislation and other regulations, and our activities are fully disclosed to the relevant tax authorities.

Eighty four per cent of our revenue is earned in Canada and the United States, and we provide tax information for this geography in our published financial statements.

In addition, we provide tax information annually on a country by country basis to the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA).

Taxation and Group Risk Management (GRM) regularly review the activities of RBC and its subsidiaries to validate we are compliant with tax and other regulations.

Act with integrity and in a straightforward, open and honest manner in all tax matters.

Ensure tax strategy is aligned with our business strategy supporting only bona fide transactions with a business purpose and economic substance.

Ensure all intercompany transactions are conducted in accordance with applicable transfer pricing requirements.

Ensure our full compliance and full disclosure to tax authorities of our statutory obligations.

Endeavour to work with the tax authorities to build positive long term relationships and where disputes occur, address them constructively.

Continuously enhancing the control environment with coherent risk frameworks, practical policies, guiding principles and procedures.

Establishing a zero tolerance position on tax evasion and raising awareness of this position with:.

Our employees: We raise awareness through training and courses on the RBC Code of Conduct, risk framework, and tax policies and procedures.

Employees are required to report possible instances of tax avoidance by following the Suspicious Activity Reporting procedures.

Our independent internal Conduct Hotline was created in 2019 for reporting these and other issues.

Our suppliers and service providers: Since 2018, the Supplier Code of Conduct has explicitly communicated our expectation of suppliers’ tax compliance.

Our clients: There is a statement on our tax risk approach in our Annual Report as well in our UK Tax Strategy Statement.

The latter is part of our continued commitment to comply with the Code of Practice on Taxation for Banks.

These statements spell out our zero tolerance for client transactions that are pursued to evade tax obligations.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

As a financial services company, we are in the business of managing risks as we aim to create maximum value for our shareholders, clients, employees and communities.

The ability to manage risk is one of our core competencies, and is supported by our risk aware culture and risk management approach.

Environmental and social (E S) risk is the potential for an E S issue associated with us, a client, a transaction, a product, a supplier or an activity to have a negative impact on our financial position, operations, legal and regulatory compliance, or reputation.

It refers to the risk that we face as a result of the manner in which we, a supplier or a client manages E S issues or relationships with stakeholders and communities.

E S issues include, but are not limited to, site contamination, waste management, land and resource use, biodiversity, water quality and availability, climate change, environmental regulation, human rights (including, but not limited to, Indigenous Peoples’ rights) and community engagement.

GRM is responsible for guiding and supporting the integration of E S risk management.

The E S Risk team is responsible for identifying, assessing, measuring, managing, mitigating, and reporting E S issues that may pose a risk to the bank, and for developing and maintaining policies on a regular basis to manage E S risk.

Business segments and functional areas are responsible for incorporating E S risk management requirements in their operations.

A bottom up approach is taken to identifying E S risk at the client, transaction, and supplier level, as well as when evaluating business strategies, acquisitions, projects, initiatives, products, and services.

A top down approach is taken to identify and monitor evolving E S risks across various businesses, portfolios and geographies.

Our Enterprise Policy on Environmental (including climate) and Social risk (E S risk policy) serves as the foundation for our approach to managing E S risks arising from our activities.

It outlines our principles for E S risk management, as well as the minimum requirements on how E S risks arising from our activities are identified, assessed, measured, managed, mitigated, monitored and reported.

The E S Risk Policy also requires that clients operating in industries of elevated environmental risk be subjected to an environmental and social review.

The E S Risk Policy is supported by additional policies and procedures on E S risk management for business segments.

Our E S Risk Policy also sets the minimum requirement for how we identify, assess, manage, and mitigate human rights issues, and is supported by additional polices and position statements that reflect our approach to managing our businesses in a responsible manner.

As Canada’s biggest bank based on market capitalization, we are dedicated to embedding disciplined risk management practices into our business to drive accountability and transparency.

We leverage technology to enhance our capabilities and evolve our processes to align with available methodologies while our approach to governance helps inform and develop robust policies, processes and controls.

Importantly, we are guided by our strong risk culture and by our Purpose and Values, which are central to our reputation for integrity, strength and stability.

We delivered a key milestone in our commitment to achieving net zero in our lending portfolio by 2050 with the release of our initial 2030 interim emissions reduction targets for lending in three key sectors1: oil gas, power generation and automotive.

We updated our primary enterprise wide Enterprise Policy on Environmental and Social Risk (E S Risk Policy) to reflect our enhanced climate commitments and objectives, and our approach to managing E S risk.

We worked with the Capital Markets and Corporate Client group businesses to update and implement procedures for E S risk issue identification and management.

We improved our data quality measurement for our financed emissions as defined by.

Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF).

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

At RBC, respect for human rights aligns with our Purpose, Vision and Values and has long been reflected in our policies and practices.

Our Values and Code of Conduct guide us and set expectations for our behaviour and decision making, and our Supplier Code of Conduct also sets expectations around human rights, labour and employment standards for our suppliers and subcontractors.

Our Human Rights Position Statement, which is adopted at the highest levels of our organization and reviewed by the governance committee of our board, sets out our commitment to respect internationally recognized human rights in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and to strive to avoid causing or contributing to adverse human rights impacts through our own business activities, and being directly linked to adverse impacts through our business relationships.

In our Modern Slavery Act Statement, we describe the policies and processes that are in place to prevent slavery and human trafficking from taking place in our operations and supply chain.

RBC’s enterprise wide human rights program consists of ongoing engagement by and consultation with senior representatives from key business units and functions, and includes oversight of our human rights governance efforts, the determination of key human rights risks, the review of our policies and due diligence processes and the development of ways to measure the effectiveness of our approach to human rights.

In line with the expectations of the UN Guiding Principles, we conducted human rights salience assessments for our major business lines and functions to better understand how our business activities could potentially impact the human rights of our stakeholders.

Based on the results, we identified key salient risks, and we reviewed our policies to assess how we manage those risks.

We enhanced our client and supplier risk assessment and due diligence processes to more fully identify and address potential human rights risks.

We also reviewed our supplier contracts to confirm that respect for human rights forms part of the contractual obligations.

We identified opportunities for further enhancements to employee human rights training and intend to deliver this training in 2023.

Conduct and trust Risk management Human rights Value for Employees.

Human Rights Position Statement Modern Slavery Act Statement Code of Conduct Supplier Code of Conduct RBC About Governance and Integrity A Chosen Journey: RBC Indigenous.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

For more information on our programs, policies and practices related to how we provide value for our employees, please see our About Value for Employees policy and programs report.

For more than 150 years, our success has been anchored by our ability to adapt, evolve and innovate.

Our strength is and always will be our people, and our collective success depends on attracting and retaining the right talent, those who are inspired by our Purpose, Vision and Values and our high performance and inclusive culture.

We continue to grow our market leadership by enabling and empowering our 95,000 employees in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries to make a positive impact on clients and our communities both today and in the future.

Attracting and retaining the right talent requires a differentiated experience that meets employees’ unique and evolving needs.

Our employees tell us they are motivated by belonging to an inclusive organization that supports them in achieving important career and life goals while offering purpose, leadership, flexibility and growth.

We understand how the relationship between work and life has transformed over the last several years, and we are committed to helping employees navigate and thrive.

This year, we strengthened our employee experience to provide additional support for our people during a time of ongoing change.

We transformed how we manage talent with the introduction of a new digital human resources (HR) platform that empowers leaders to better understand their workforce, while giving employees and people managers the ability to digitally manage their own HR processes and accelerate their growth and development through AI enabled technology.

We also announced a 200 million investment that encompasses total rewards, support for flexible and personalized work options and career development.

We are committed to continuously listening to our employees and providing them with the tools, programs and support that meet their unique needs.

Attract and retain the right talent Investing in our employee experience and competitive recruitment to enhance our workforce.

Enable our people to do their best work Listening and adapting to the evolving needs of our employees to best prepare them for the present and the future.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging Advancing diversity, representation and inclusion to drive an equitable and safe work environment.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

The way we live and work has changed significantly over the past several years.

The COVID 19 pandemic shifted employee expectations about balancing work and life, as well as their expectations of employers.

To reflect our understanding of employees’ evolving needs and recognize their contributions to our success, in 2022 we announced a 200 million investment that included a mix of initiatives that build on and complement our existing programs in the areas of total rewards, support for flexible and personalized work options, and support for career development.

A mid year base salary increase of 3% for certain employees5, and factored in market conditions when making year end salary decisions.

Enhancements to several benefits in Canada, including for fertility, surrogacy, adoption services, gender affirmation and eldercare, and introduced TELUS Health Virtual Care Expanded benefits in the U.S., including doubling our fertility benefit and expanding the healthcare travel benefit for all covered medical services Increased mental health benefits and programming globally Tools and resources to improve the flexibility of remote, hybrid and in person work experiences, such as the Waldo app to help plan for collaboration on site.

Enhanced functionality in the AI enabled talent marketplace to support skills development Enhancements to the Canadian Defined Contribution Pension Plan to help participants improve their long term financial future.

We are also investing in our employer brand, helping current and future employees better understand the benefits of working for an organization where they can bring their ideas, goals and dreams to work, while making a positive impact on clients and in the communities we serve.

The competitive talent marketplace, and in particular a continuing shortage of specialized skills, makes it more important than ever to equip our recruitment team with tools to find and place the right candidates quickly.

RBC is focused on expanding its ability to identify, hire and onboard the right talent for the right roles with speed and simplicity.

Our new digital HR platform is empowering people managers with digitized processes and enhanced data insights to increase the speed of recruitment and hiring, both internally and externally.

This year, RBC welcomed over 17,000 new employees globally, and our new digital HR platform should make for a better and more efficient onboarding experience for new employees.

We strive to attract, retain and engage great talent who will deliver on RBC’s Purpose to help clients thrive and communities prosper.

We offer value for employees that is differentiated, compelling and reflects our inclusive culture.

Through meaningful work, leadership and career development, along with competitive benefits and total rewards, we empower our employees to achieve their goals in work and life.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

We also expanded our inclusive recruitment efforts by developing strong partnerships to expand our sources for attracting talent, including partnerships with Canadian Council on Rehabilitation and Work, Big City Bright Future Programme, SEO US and London, The Bennett Edge, Specialisterne, Spinal Cord Injury Ontario, Canadian Mental Health Association, Uncovering Prospects, Inside Out, O4U, Jopwell, National Black MBA Association and People of Color Platform Twin Cities, United Negro College Fund, Ready, Association of African American Financial Advisors and Mossier.

In addition, we work with over 20 accessibility offices on campuses to promote RBC’s commitment to hiring persons with visible and invisible disabilities.

We continued to showcase the RBC employee experience through video and digital content on the Life at RBC Our Stories webpage to help external candidates understand what it’s like to work at RBC, from the perspectives of employees, partners and communities.

We also hold information sessions for RBC Future Launch Black Youth and Indigenous Youth Scholarship recipients on opportunities to work with RBC.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

Building talent to help RBC win today and in the future means identifying and attracting the specific skill sets we need to deliver on our strategy.

RBC continues to grow its position as an employer of choice for technologists through our innovative culture and talent strategy, which focuses on attracting tech talent, developing and retaining top technologists, strengthening diverse future leaders, delivering differentiated employee experiences and supporting the wellbeing of employees.

RBC’s dedicated strategy for critical tech talent, approximately a quarter of our technologist population, includes access to professional coaching from Ezra, people manager enablement and the creation of the Tech Career Journey.

Articulating a journey that reflects industry standards for technical career paths, roles and titles helps attract and retain technologists by providing opportunities to progress their technical career with RBC.

In addition, new storytelling initiatives using Tech RBC branding is aimed at strengthening RBC’s reputation as a top employer for technologists.

We continue to offer students meaningful work experiences through summer student co op programs as we develop emerging talent.

In 2022, more than 1,500 summer students (43 per cent women, 52 per cent BIPOC) from over 100 post secondary institutions around the world joined RBC.

The summer student experience introduced interns to life at RBC through networking opportunities in the RBC Onboarding Caf (powered by Ten Thousand Coffees), Diversity Inclusion (D I) sessions and, in Canada, a community impact project with Olympian Sarah Wells and the Believe Impact Program.

The RBC Career Launch Program has bridged the school to work transition for more than 800 college and university graduates since 2014.

In 2022, our first cohort to work in a hybrid work arrangement joined the one year program to receive hands on experiential learning through rotations with an operations centre, a charitable community partner and a head office team.

The 2022 cohort comprised 56 per cent women and 41 per cent BIPOC.

The Leadership Development Program is a rotational program for recent graduates designed to build a pipeline of future leaders.

This two year program consists of four six month rotations within one of five streams: Finance, Internal Audit, Group Risk Management, Enterprise, and Personal Commercial Banking.

Participants develop leadership skills through experiential learning, mentorship and formal training.

The cohort that joined in 2022 comprised 57 per cent women and 86 per cent BIPOC.

At RBC, we have a variety of development programs and opportunities to support our diverse talent including the Indigenous Peoples Development Program and the Career Edge Internship program.

The Indigenous Peoples Development Program gives recent graduates who self identify as Indigenous (First Nations, Inuit or M tis) Peoples of Canada the opportunity to learn and work at RBC through a two year experiential learning program.

Participants, called Associates, develop skills and networking relationships in different areas of RBC such as Finance, Sales and Services, Technology Operations, Capital Markets, Marketing, Canadian Banking, Procurement, and Human Resources.

Since 2017, we have welcomed 58 Associates through this program, and in 2023, we intend to hire an additional 28 Associates.

The program has had strong success in helping Associates expand their career potential, with 83 per cent of participants obtaining full time roles with RBC in 2022.

Associates also learned about and supported local Indigenous communities by working with 10 charitable organizations for a total of 6,375 hours.

The Career Edge Internship Program is helping RBC recruit and onboard persons with disabilities, newcomers and new graduates.

Career Edge has a strong success rate, with 51 per cent of participants converting to full time employment with RBC in 2022.

RBC attracts people who are inspired to make a difference inside and outside of the organization.

Leveraging our global size and scale, we use our collective resources, talents and connections to engage employees in making change that extends into the communities where we operate.

Our employees are encouraged to learn, act and share in various campaigns and challenges supporting climate, D I, youth and other charitable organizations around the world.

Our people come together in more than 50 employee resource groups to foster a sense of community and belonging, and build relationships with colleagues who share a common aspect of their identity or set of interests.

Refer to the Value for Communities section of this Report for more information on how our employees make a social impact.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

Our workplace has evolved to include a range of in person, hybrid and virtual work arrangements, making it essential to apply a number of strategies to gather feedback and stay connected with employees.

We use a variety of tactics to help us understand the unique needs, preferences and experiences of our workforce, including listening circles, targeted interviews, focus groups, pulse surveys and an annual engagement survey.

Overall, employees continued to be highly engaged and feel proud to be a part of RBC, reflecting employees’ resilience and connectedness to the RBC culture.

We continue to foster a culture of high performance that drives impact for our clients and other stakeholders.

Our always on approach to elevating performance and unlocking potential, LIFT, focuses on building habits to set ambitious goals, providing regular coaching and feedback, recognizing contributions that exemplify our Leadership Model, and having ongoing conversations about professional development.

We have enhanced our performance enablement practices with our new digital HR platform’s easy to use functionality to capture goals and track progress, ask for and give feedback, engage in development planning and seek mentorship relationships, and create digital talent profiles to express career and skill interests.

Although the pandemic caused challenges in managing work life balance and increased the need for flexibility, survey results showed that employees continue to feel well supported by RBC in achieving both.

As teams continued to return to the office throughout the year, employees reported seeing the benefits of both in person and remote working environments.

We continue to empower employees to manage their own careers with a variety of resources.

This year, we added a monthly development webinar and a new career toolkit to help employees understand how to stretch their skills and grow their careers at RBC.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

To be successful in the future of work, all employees need to continually strengthen and develop new skills as the world changes and our clients’ needs evolve.

We see human centric skills including adaptability, resiliency, problem solving and creativity as critical to our ability to deliver value for our clients and communities.

We support employees in developing the skills needed for their current role or their next career step in many ways experiential learning, coaching, mentorship, upskilling and formal training.

We have introduced a new digital talent profile that helps employees identify their current skills and interests to help them explore new paths and to facilitate deeper growth and development conversations with their people managers.

People managers now have a better foundation to source skills and facilitate coaching conversations with team members.

In turn, employees can receive personalized learning recommendations relevant to their areas of interest and development on their profile.

Our formalized upskilling programs continue to grow in popularity with employees who want to improve their skill sets for the future.

Leap reskilling: Combining both self directed and social learning approaches, Leap helps employees develop new skills while building connections across departments and geographies through immersive and structured learning experiences (a Pathway).

This program continues to grow each year with over 6,900 participants having completed a Pathway since inception in 2020.

This year, we launched a Leap Pathway for new and aspiring people leaders to help participants amplify their Leadership Model behaviours.

Adaptive Micro Learning: With 24,000 users, the Axonify learning platform is focused on the development of high performing employees by leveraging the latest in learning methods for example, micro learning bursts, AI and data analytics to deliver a personalized upskilling experience.

Working with great leaders is cited as a key motivator for engaged and inspired employees.

In 2021, we introduced People Management Core Accountabilities to build a foundation for the ongoing development of future focused and human centric skills that help leaders attract, develop and retain high performing talent.

In its second year, the development program for people managers continued to evolve based on participant feedback.

We launched the People Manager Forum, a virtual event featuring thought leaders talking about relevant topics, to inspire people managers to prioritize their own development.

Since launching in 2021, we have hosted seven sessions with positive feedback from participants: when asked, 93 per cent said it was a good use of time and 95 per cent said they will continue to invest in their own professional development.

People managers are accountable for building inclusive team environments, which was the focus of new Inclusive Leadership Modules (ALLY and INCLUDE).

The Social Impact Leadership Program is unique to RBC and was developed in partnership with the Taproot Foundation.

It provides high potential leaders the opportunity to strengthen their leadership skills and global mindset during a 10 week assignment with a community partner organization.

Participants donate their skills and expertise to help RBC’s charitable partners solve real world challenges.

As a result, the program allows participants to develop new skills and think beyond their immediate roles, and even beyond RBC, to make a positive impact in the communities where we live and work.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

In 2022, the program brought together almost 150 global RBC employees to provide pro bono services for 20 global community partners.

We aim to get the balance right and be deliberate about when and how we work together in person.

Our enterprise guiding principles for the future of work, established in 2020, continue to support a consistent employee experience and inform decision making.

Flexible work is here to stay: Hybrid work arrangements will be supported where feasible and aligned with the interests of the business, clients and employees.

Our approach starts with our business strategy: There is the flexibility to adopt a tailored approach for specific teams, roles and regions, while enterprise standards set the parameters for consistency and scale.

Proximity still matters: Being close to our employees and the communities we serve is core to our culture and will remain so in the future for the majority, this means residing within a commutable distance to an RBC office.

Strategic investment is required: To fully enable our employees, we will continue to invest in technology, infrastructure and skills development to operate in a more flexible environment.

Inclusive culture with growth opportunities: Employees should have a consistent and meaningful employee experience with access to development opportunities regardless of their work arrangement or location.

RBC continues to enhance programs and resources that meet a variety of employee needs for holistic well being.

As part of our Employee Engagement and Pulse surveys, we ask questions to understand our employees’ overall well being and leverage the insights to enhance programs.

This year, we focused our annual well being engagement campaigns on total well being, while also investing in a number of new or enhanced benefits to support our employees’ and their families’ physical and mental health journey.

In Canada, we introduced TELUS Health Virtual Care to provide 24 7 support, enhanced fertility benefits, introduced new surrogacy and adoption benefits and enhanced gender affirmation benefits.

We continue to explore similar offerings in other regions.

Raising awareness and reducing the stigma around speaking openly about mental health continues to be a key focus at our virtual events with recognized keynote speakers throughout the year, and our Together, we’re perfectly human employee campaign.

Throughout the pandemic, the health and well being of our employees has been a top priority and the starting point for our decisions.

Our approach to returning to premises considered external factors such as new COVID 19 variants, infection trends, local vaccination rates and government restrictions, as well as business needs and internal protocols.

While our approach is flexible to adapt to changing conditions, as a relationship driven bank, we believe direct human connection is core to our culture and how we bring our Purpose to life for those we serve.

Throughout 2022 we successfully welcomed many of our employees back to RBC premises in flexible work arrangements, joining those who remained safely on site in client facing and other critical roles during the pandemic.

We continue to help employees adapt to changes in the way we work through our Future of Work portal, which features welcome kits, conversation guides, playbooks and virtual collaboration tools.

We offered learning opportunities to help employees and their managers establish new hybrid habits for staying engaged, productive and connected.

We used various employee listening touchpoints to better understand our employees’ thoughts on work arrangements, which informed our analysis and planning.

We are committed to listening, innovating and experimenting with new work arrangements, office spaces and technologies as we evolve our hybrid approach.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

At RBC, D I is a Value that is core to our Purpose and a fundamental strength of our organization.

We believe that D I is an engine for innovation and economic prosperity, and as Canada’s biggest bank and one of the largest in the world based on market capitalization, we are committed to playing an important role in advancing a more inclusive, sustainable and prosperous future.

Our D I vision is to be among the most inclusive workplaces and successful companies, putting diversity into action to help employees, clients and communities thrive.

We are making progress in expanding the representation across leadership roles, with a particular focus on women, BIPOC, persons with disabilities and individuals who identify as LGBTQ .

In 2022, women and BIPOC represented 43 per cent and 31 per cent of new executive appointments8, respectively.

We nonetheless still need to do more to further increase representation at the executive level to reach our goals.

In practice, bringing our D I vision to life involves setting bold objectives informed by meaningful consultation, measuring and disclosing our progress and being accountable to our stakeholders.

Advancing diversity and representation by enhancing our hiring and recruitment programs, driving equitable opportunities for pay, promotion and development, and improving representation in leadership at all levels and across all demographic groups.

Strengthening inclusion with a focus on enhancing inclusive leadership capabilities, fostering a listening environment, leading with empathy, enabling employees to feel safe to speak up for inclusion, and driving accountability.

Enabling economic inclusion which includes influencing equitable access to financial products and services, supporting products, programs and initiatives that create social impact, and leveraging our purchasing power to influence supplier and client diversity efforts.

Refer to Value for Communities for more information on RBC’s efforts towards financial wellbeing and inclusion.

We apply multiple strategies to advance representation in our workforce, including enhancing our hiring and recruitment programs, driving equitable opportunities for pay, promotion and development, and improving representation at all levels and across all demographic groups.

We believe in fostering inclusive environments to unlock the potential of our people and enable us to meet the needs of the clients and communities we serve.

Across RBC, people managers at all levels have performance goals that reinforce their accountability for fostering inclusive teams.

Our strategies for talent management, leadership development and succession planning all contribute to our goal of a leadership team that exhibits diverse thought, experiences and abilities.

The annual talent planning process includes an added focus on the development and sponsorship of potential leaders from underrepresented groups.

Ignite Leadership Development Program: A 10 to 12 month leadership program for nominated priority BIPOC talent aimed at accelerating their path to senior management.

Since its launch in 2018, the program has helped address common challenges, provided opportunities to develop and practice key leadership behaviours, and enabled cross platform networking with peers and senior leaders.

INTRO Leadership Development Program: A five to six month leadership program for nominated priority BIPOC talent who are new people managers, aimed at accelerating their development.

The program focuses on leadership skills, building internal networks, developing a leadership brand and gaining exposure through a unique development experience.

Since its launch in 2021, 40 BIPOC participants have completed the program and 33 per cent of participants have been promoted.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

Women in Leadership: A global, 10 to 12 month leadership program offered to nominated, priority, senior level, non executive women.

This program seeks to accelerate the development of women leaders and maximize their potential.

The program focuses on helping women enhance their leadership capabilities, deepen their business acumen, build an enterprise mindset, broaden their communication skills and strategic influence, refine their leadership brand and increase their network with exposure to senior leaders from across the organization.

STEPS Leadership Development Program: A new five to six month leadership program for nominated, priority talent women who are new leaders to deepen their leadership capabilities, accelerate development and prepare for a path to senior leadership.

In its inaugural year, 40 participants completed the program and 25 per cent of participants were promoted.

Additional information reflecting our D I performance is available in the data tables in Appendix VII.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

We have processes in place and take action to address pay disparities, when identified, across groups of employees performing equal or comparable work.

We conduct regular gender based and race ethnicity based compensation analyses as part of our compensation review processes.

When conducting these analyses, we take into consideration factors such as position level and tenure, specialized skills, business or function, and geography, all of which may contribute to differences in pay.

Each year, we address pay equity concerns identified in the year end pay decision making process through pay adjustments, where individual factors do not explain a difference in pay.

Outside of the annual compensation review process, we review compensation when employees move to new roles, taking into account external and internal pay benchmarks and the skills and experiences the incumbent brings to the role.

We measure and manage adjusted gender and racial equity in pay using a custom business analytics tool, which helps us identify potential pay disparities across groups of employees, adjusting for known variables that impact pay such as business function and position level.

We periodically carry out statistical analyses to account for factors that may explain variations in pay, including levels of proficiency and performance, education, accreditation and role accountabilities.

As a result of these efforts and associated insights, we have built new tools, repeatable procedures and training activities to continue to increase manager awareness of potential biases that could affect performance evaluations and compensation decisions and provide support to help managers interrupt bias and maintain objectivity.

We continue to evolve our practices to better understand and act on identified pay inequities across our workforce, drive increased equity and strengthen our inclusive culture, while working to attract, retain and advance underrepresented talent and create opportunities for employees to reach their full potential.

In addition, we complete gender equity and racial equity filings annually, where required, to comply with the Canadian federal Employment Equity Act, provincial and federal Pay Equity legislation and the UK Gender Pay Gap reporting regulation.

In 2021, RBC became the first Canadian bank to release racial pay equity information.

We have also developed an approach for achieving compliance with new Canadian Pay Equity regulations by 2024, which will include the formation of management employee pay equity committees and the creation of the required pay equity plans.

Strengthen our culture of inclusion and belonging.

To continue to strengthen our culture, we emphasize inclusive leadership capabilities and foster an environment centred on understanding the experiences of employees through our Inclusive Experiences (IE) Score.

The IE Score is a composite of three elements of inclusion: Psychological Safety, Belonging and Respect Trust.

To drive people manager accountability for the IE of our employees, this year we implemented new mechanisms to enable our 12,000 people managers to actively manage the IE of their teams people managers were provided access to review their team’s scores and action plans to enable continuous improvement.

We believe that managing the IE of employees will drive a greater sense of belonging, higher engagement, increased productivity and stronger performance.

In 2022, we used employee feedback to refresh our Leadership Model behaviours to include leading with empathy, creating safe spaces and fostering a sense of belonging.

It has also inspired us to reflect on additional actions to bring about greater inclusion in our workplace and our communities.

We are committed to leading with empathy and enabling employees to feel safe to speak up for inclusion and drive greater accountability.

The enterprise wide mandatory Anti Racism Awareness training program introduced in 2021 now has a 99 per cent completion rate among employees and contractors, and we plan to release a new module focused on Anti Discrimination in the first quarter of 2023.

This year, we launched a pilot program for an Anti Bias training using an adaptive micro learning platform, and also continued to implement our Inclusion and Belonging webinar series for employees.

Enterprise wide virtual events also supported building awareness of Black History Month, International Women’s Day, National Indigenous History Month, Juneteenth, Pride, National Day for Truth and Reconciliation, World Mental Health Day and International Day of Persons with Disabilities.

At RBC, we are committed to building a diverse, inclusive workplace where every individual is enabled to reach their full potential.

By advancing our efforts to foster an environment that supports diversity and inclusion, we are trying to make a meaningful difference for employees, clients and communities.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

RBC serves 17 million clients in Canada and around the world.

We are committed to serving our clients with integrity and to safeguarding the trust they place us.

From the ways we develop and sell our products and services to the impact they have on the communities where we operate, we are driven by our Purpose of helping clients thrive and communities prosper.

We know that remaining successful, takes more innovation, integration and collaboration so we can redefine our value proposition and create more value for our clients.

We are uniquely positioned to create long term value for our clients through the power of our ideas, investments in talent and technology, and differentiated advice, products and services.

We strive to earn our clients’ trust by serving them responsibly and providing them with access to the financial products, services and advice they need to make the best decisions for themselves.

Client satisfaction and loyalty Deliver meaningful solutions, deepen relationships, and accelerate innovation.

Digital enablement Reimagine everyday banking experiences and make daily banking easy, convenient and valuable for our clients.

Privacy Invest in cutting edge information security to protect our customers and our business while remaining transparent about how personal information is used.

Cybersecurity Implement appropriate security and operational controls to safeguard our clients’ information and assets.

Responsible investment Provide clients with responsible investment options that meet their needs.

Sustainable finance Support our clients to meet their ESG objectives by providing sustainable finance solutions, including a commitment to provide 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025.

At RBC, our clients are at the centre of what we do.

Enabled by our investments in technology and talent, we believe our differentiated advice, products and services deliver long term value and create exceptional experiences.

These differentiated experiences are not just about new products, features and functions.

They are also about building new business models, leveraging data and insights, and developing partnerships to deliver meaningful value for our clients.

We actively track our client experience and give opportunities to provide feedback regularly.

This listening and action oriented learning culture translates into an improved experience for the people we serve.

Delivering meaningful insights, advice and solutions to help our clients thrive Deepening client relationships through collaboration and strategic partnerships Accelerating our focus on innovation and digital strategies.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Leveraged our existing product portfolio to support Canadians’ transition to net zero, including lending such as electric and hybrid vehicles and energy retrofit loans, and ESG investment products including a market linked ESG GIC and InvestEase responsible investing portfolio.

Launched an interactive tool within RBC Global Asset Management (GAM)49 to help advisors structure a portfolio to create financially viable retirement incomes.

This tool dynamically allocates assets into to short , medium and long term buckets after accounting for estimated cash flows and emergency reserves, and is intended to help clients stay the course in volatile markets by ensuring their short term cash flow needs will be met.

Created a new BalanceProtector Insurance (BP) product, BP Max, for eligible RBC Credit Card clients, replacing the BP Premiere Plus product.

Available through all digital credit card application platforms, the RBC Bank Advice Centre and the RBC Bank branch network, BP Max includes reduced limitations and exclusions that help protect more clients in their time of need, and offers an industry leading 25 per cent monthly payout for loss of employment and disability.

Grew RBC Insight Edge , a platform that helps Canadian businesses gain competitive edge with real time data and market insights.

RBC Insight Edge is available to all commercial and small business clients and helps owners make more data driven decisions about their business, customers and markets.

RBC Insight Edge is part of RBC’s overall pursuit to help Canadian businesses scale and manage their operations through enhanced digital capabilities and insights that go beyond traditional banking.

Developed a Workplace Wellness toolkit for RBC’s Group Insurance clients to enable them to assess the wellness of their employees and to tailor a wellness strategy that fits their unique goals.

Hosted over 4,000 Wealth Management Canada clients and prospects at virtual advice events covering topics such as cyber security, navigating volatile markets, wealth planning, making a charitable donation and financial literacy.

Launched our next generation loyalty program, Avion Rewards , providing Canadians the flexibility to access rewards that are most valuable to them without the need to compromise between points, discounts or offers.

We expanded our network of merchant partners with the addition of METRO Inc. , Lowe’s , RONA and R no D p t , joining our existing retail partners, which include Petro Canada (a Suncor business), WestJet , Rexall , DoorDash and more.

Entered into a collaboration agreement with ICICI Bank Canada to focus on building banking solutions that simplify the financial transition for newcomers from the time they choose Canada to their arrival and beyond.

From opening a bank account to accessing a credit card, and to applying for a mortgage, this collaboration will provide newcomers access to the products and advice they need in order to thrive in Canada.

Expanded our partnerships for US Wealth Management by teaming up with Transamerica and FuturePlan by Ascensus to introduce an innovative new pooled plan retirement solution for U.S. business owners called RBC Group Retirement Plan.

These partnerships augment how our financial advisors can better service our clients.

Created a partnership between RBC Insurance and SmileDirectClub to offer Group insurance plan members virtual orthodontic treatment from a licensed dentist or orthodontist, all from the comfort of their own home.

Developed a partnership with Women’s College Hospital’s Age Lab, where Wealth.

Management Canada experts provide financial literacy expertise to combat the financial implications of gendered ageism and to improve the lives of older women.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Entered into data access agreements with Plaid and Envestnet Yodlee that will empower clients with the option to share their financial data, safely and securely, with thousands of third party applications.

The secure and reliable integration delivers a seamless user experience and eliminates the reliance on credential sharing, resulting in increased security and better protection of clients’ privacy, and giving clients greater control over their financial data.

Launched Artie, the executor helper a free digital, self serve estate settlement application empowering Canadian executors and liquidators with a do it yourself option.

Created by RBC Royal Trust , Artie comprises two features: an estate complexity calculator that estimates the potential complexity of the estate to be settled via a short questionnaire and a guided checklist that offers resources and educational tips to assist with key executor tasks and duties.

Developed and implemented a suite of technology capabilities, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, to enable US Wealth Management (USWM) advisors to provide tailored solutions to their clients, anticipate their needs and deliver high quality service.

Deployed a set of new stand alone tools on the RBC GAM website in Canada that are specifically designed to help save advisors time on key activities around managing money for their clients and converting prospects into clients, allowing them to better focus on meeting the needs of their clients.

RBC GAM also built a new animated video experience capability that allows them to send out customized and interactive communications to clients.

Introduced a new digital capability to provide clients the convenience of enrolling in HomeProtector insurance and the ability to view their coverage details on their RBC mobile app.

This enhancement extends the opportunity to reach RBC’s 1.5 million clients with uninsured mortgages.

Continued to make it easier for our insurance clients to do business with us through a number of new digital capabilities: AI tools using advanced machine learning and natural language processing techniques, new electronic application processes, and the electronic delivery of select life and health insurance.

As a business whose success is based on trust, measured by how effectively we earn our clients’ satisfaction and loyalty, we actively track our client experience across our platforms, and our clients provide feedback regularly.

We strive to translate this listening and action oriented learning culture into an improved client experience.

We measure our client experience and loyalty competitiveness by comparing both our customer experience and our client relationships to the experience and relationships of our key competitors, by product type, as monitored and reported by independent and reputable industry benchmarking surveys.

We have a well established customer experience measurement program, administered by independent professional research consulting companies and technology vendors.

This process is managed by our Customer Experience Design and Insights department, a team of in house research professionals who oversee the quality and integrity of the program.

We set and monitor objectives to improve client satisfaction and loyalty, and measure all components of the client experience on a regular basis.

Given the proprietary nature of our customer experience measurement program, we only disclose select metrics in our ESG Performance Report.

In Canada, client service training incorporates our client experience objective and is tied to employees’ performance management.

Our own research and surveys, such as direct feedback from clients following visits to branches, visits to our digital banking sites and calls to our 24 7 call centres.

Research conducted by external benchmarking organizations such as through anonymous client surveys.

Survey results for client satisfaction and loyalty are linked to specific branch employees, which increases accountability and facilitates employee coaching.

In this way, real time client comments are directly addressed and serve to improve client service.

Similar practices are in place across other channels, including online and telephone banking.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

In addition, this research informs the development of our business strategies and tactics by providing insight into which products and features resonate with clients, and where we need to improve.

We comply with Financial Services Authority laws governing marketing communications, advertising, promotion and sponsorship.

We enable employees to resolve client concerns at the first point of contact, as we believe this approach leads to improved customer satisfaction and loyalty.

If we are unable to resolve a client’s concerns, they may escalate their concern to RBC Client Care.

Should a client be dissatisfied with the outcome of the review performed by RBC Client Care, they can appeal to the Client Complaints Appeal Office (CCAO).

The RBC CCAO is the most senior designated office appointed to address appealed complaints within RBC.

Certain disputes that remain unresolved after being reviewed by the CCAO may be directed by the complainant to external ombudsman services and regulatory bodies.

We offer a simple tool to lead clients through the complaint process, including escalation to the CCAO if necessary, in the Make a Complaint section of rbc.com customercare.

Every year, the CCAO produces an annual report, available at rbc.com customercare, that provides information on their activities throughout the year.

We have multiple regulators across the Caribbean, and we comply with the disclosure and marketing requirements in applicable jurisdictions.

Advertising to and communications with the public are highly regulated by numerous regulators in the U.S.

We follow the guidelines and standards of practice of various regulatory bodies such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Employee Retirement Income Security Act.

Our brand and reputation are fundamental to earning the trust of our clients, and a vital driver of our success.

RBC has been named the 1 Most Valuable Brand in Canada for the fourth consecutive year and was the 2 Most Valuable Bank Brand Globally in 2022.

We maintain brand health through our Vision, adherence to our Values, the quality and engagement of our people, the level of our clients’ experience and satisfaction, and the likelihood they will recommend us to others.

We monitor and measure brand awareness and health through quantitative benchmarks, performance rankings, and public awards.

Advertising is highly regulated at both the federal and provincial levels under legislation such as the Competition Act (Canada), which prohibits false and misleading advertising, and provincial consumer protection laws, which govern conduct concerning claims that may be false or misleading.

Brand specific metrics such as brand sub brand awareness, likelihood to recommend scores and ad campaign impacts are collected across the organization and reported back to our Chief Marketing Officer and brand management experts, who consolidate the inputs and measure the overall health of our master brand.

When we produce our marketing materials, we also follow the guidelines and standards of practice of various self regulatory bodies, such as Advertising Standards Canada and the Canadian Marketing Association.

In addition, we use consumer research as a best practice in creating and optimizing marketing materials and mitigating risk.

We subscribe to a number of voluntary codes of conduct relating to the responsible sale of financial products and services.

For example, we follow voluntary Canadian banking industry guidelines for plain language mortgage documents and apply many of those guidelines to other documents such as account applications.

RBC is committed to providing clients with investment, banking and insurance information they can easily understand and use.

Our brochures and websites describe our products and services simply, using examples for clarity.

We review contract, policy and statement language regularly so our clients can more easily evaluate our products’ suitability for their needs.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Our digital and innovation strategies are fundamental to creating exceptional client experiences, driving customer loyalty and acquiring new clients.

They also help us mitigate some of the risks associated with digital disruption as we work to differentiate our business and drive value for clients.

We are committed to designing and building products, processes, technology and services in faster, simpler and more cost effective ways.

We are proud to champion Canadian innovation, particularly the transformational technologies of machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI).

Power Canada’s 2022 award for Best in Customer Satisfaction among the big five retail banks in Canada for our mobile banking app.

Over the past five years, RBC’s NOMI suite has grown into a useful set of tools that provide personalized insights and helps clients build confidence in managing their money.

We are proud to have continued innovating, adding enhancements in the areas of security and convenience for our clients in 2022, with the launch of Personal Identification Number (PIN) on Mobile and Split with Friends, both of which are profiled later in this section.

In addition, the research institute Borealis AI , which we established in 2016, continues to pursue curiosity driven, applied and fundamental research in machine learning.

A strong voice on AI in Canada, we are not only driving our own innovation, but also pushing forward the responsible and ethical use of AI.

For example, Borealis AI developed and continues to enhance RESPECT AI , an online hub that brings open source research code, tutorials, academic research and lectures to the AI community.

Reimagine everyday banking experiences to differentiate ourselves and delight our clients with simplicity and connection to advice.

Revolutionize the mobile customer experience through personalization and valuable customer interactions.

Be one of the most trusted global banks through joint leadership in digital ID verification, authentication and security.

Become the North American leader in digital client acquisition and sales.

Our focus on digital innovation is to make daily banking easy, helpful and convenient for our clients.

For example, with Mobile Bill Pay, we paired AI with optical character recognition (OCR) to simplify how clients pay bills.

We continue to focus on developing digital banking products that give clients better insight into their finances, enable them to personalize their digital experience and empower them to access financial advice when and where they want.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

RBC strives to deliver world class experiences that are highly personalized to the individual.

At a macro level, we are creating unique experiences in the RBC Mobile app for specific segments, like students, entrepreneurs and self directed investors.

At a micro level, we are tailoring advice and insights to the individual through the NOMI suite of capabilities.

Tailored insights and reminders: NOMI Insights helps clients manage their everyday finances by providing timely and personalized alerts, reminders and tailored insights based on spending and saving habits.

This year, more than 940 million insights61 were read by clients using NOMI Insights.

Simplified group expenses: Launched this year, Split with Friends is a new capability that allows RBC clients to easily streamline and manage their group expenses.

A first for a Canadian bank, Split with Friends is available through the RBC mobile app and enables clients to divide the cost of an expense among a number of contacts, request the money and track who’s paid.

Budgets and savings: NOMI Find Save uses predictive technology to help clients save, even when they think they may not be able to.

Clients using this feature have saved on average of more than 450 per month.62 NOMI Insights for RBC InvestEase , released earlier this year, helps clients stick to their saving strategies with timely nudges when spare cash is available.

Also, NOMI Budgets helps clients by taking the thinking and the manual calculator work out of setting up a budget.

It takes a close look at a client’s spending and recommends a personalized monthly budget based on their habits.

Since its launch in April 2019, clients have set more than 2.9 million budgets using NOMI Budgets to help better control their spending.

Cash flow forecasting: NOMI Forecast provides clients with a quick seven day forecast of their future cash flow and, paired with other NOMI capabilities, offers a more holistic view of their account activity.

It can now track a client’s income, pre authorized and scheduled payments, transfers and RBC investment contributions, removing the stress of tracking when bills need to be paid, how much is due and how it impacts future cash flow.

The past few years have dramatically changed the way Canadians shop, work and bank.

Our industry leading mobile banking app ensures that our clients are empowered with easy, innovative tools that enable them to confidently and safely manage their money.

Power Canada Award for Best in Consumer Satisfaction for a mobile banking app among the big five retail banks in Canada is a testament to our exceptional digital team that is committed to applying their imagination and insight to build engaging and impactful digital experiences that our clients truly value.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Remote account opening: Clients can open deposit accounts from wherever it’s most convenient for them either on their own or with an advisor on the phone.

RBC Direct Investing also offers an end to end digital account opening process for new to RBC clients, who can now easily be approved for a new account online in just a few clicks.

Advice when you need it: MyAdvisor provides RBC clients with digital access to their personalized plan and connects them to an RBC advisor in their community on live video, by phone or in person at a branch.

It has been especially useful during the pandemic since clients can connect with an advisor safely and remotely from the comfort of their own home.

We have now onboarded 3.3 million Canadians on the platform with a personalized plan, helping them stay more closely connected to their finances.

PIN on Mobile: Built within the RBC mobile app, clients can now use their personal PIN with their client card or biometrics to securely authenticate themselves on their mobile phone.

For Android users, the app uses near field communication (NFC), enabling clients to simply tap their RBC client card before inputting their PIN.

This additional layer of security and method to authenticate through a mobile app is one of the first instances of this technology being used by any bank worldwide.

For iOS users, clients can use biometrics enabled on their device before inputting their PIN.

Remote ID Verification (IDV): Clients can digitally verify their identities both remotely and in the branch.

The RBC Mobile app uses AI to check a client’s government issued identification against the security features and characteristics of their driver’s licence or passport.

By validating our clients’ identities in our mobile app using standard forms of government identification, we can better detect and prevent fraud.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

We have a clear approach to how we think about our clients’ personal information.

People need to know how their personal information is being used and shared, and organizations must help people exercise control over which personal information is shared.

We continue to invest heavily in cutting edge information security technology to protect our customers and our business every day.

RBC is managing privacy risk prudently in the face of ongoing regulatory change globally.

Our privacy risk assessments enable us to meet current and future challenges as we look for more ways to drive value through data and move towards assessing risk across business processes.

Actual and potential privacy incidents and complaints are managed through well established processes.

The RBC Global Privacy Office is part of the Regulatory Compliance group.

The Chief Privacy Officer provides the strategic vision for global privacy risk management, and designated Compliance Privacy Officers are responsible for privacy advice, oversight and challenge across every business.

Our privacy risk management program is based on the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development privacy principles, which include cyber security as part of the Security Safeguards principle, as well as Canadian, U.S. and European Union privacy regulations.

Our approach to cyber security is discussed on page 48.

Our Privacy and Security webpage and our Global Privacy Notice articulate how we collect, use, share and protect information.

When we engage third party service providers to process personal information on our behalf, (1) we share only the information necessary to perform the services (2) we require them to protect the information in accordance with RBC’s standards and (3) we require them to notify us of any actual or suspected privacy breaches so we can work together to contain, remediate and, where required, report them.

All employees and contract workers are required to complete our Fundamentals of Privacy and Security course annually or biannually, depending on business requirements.

In 2022, RBC did not have any unresolved well founded privacy complaints from regulators.

RBC Global Privacy Notice Digital Channel Privacy RBC Privacy and Security.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Globally, the volume and sophistication of cyber attacks continue to evolve and increase the resulting implications could include business interruptions, service disruptions, financial loss, theft of intellectual property and confidential information, litigation, enhanced regulatory attention and penalties, and reputational damage.

We continue to enhance our security capabilities, educate our clients and workforce, and deepen our relationships with governments, law enforcement and academia to advance our cyber defenses in thwarting the threats targeting the financial sector.

RBC’s security strategy is designed to safeguard data entrusted to us by our clients.

This strategy reflects regulatory requirements in each jurisdiction where RBC operates and is based on the industry’s best practices, most notably, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework.

An independent maturity assessment against the NIST cyber security framework is completed annually to compare capabilities with industry best practices.

We have a dedicated team of technology and cyber security professionals that manage a comprehensive program to help protect the organization against breaches, unauthorized transactions as defined in our Electronic Access Agreement and other incidents through appropriate security and operational controls.

As part of our efforts, we have successfully implemented cyber security controls and deepened our relationships with financial institutions and partner cyber organizations for increased intelligence sharing and better incident response.

RBC has stringent security policies and practices, supported by around the clock resources, to prevent, detect and investigate potential fraudulent activities.

We have developed and we maintain sophisticated systems and processes for monitoring the security of online transactions.

Cyber and Risk: leverage intelligence driven security capabilities to deepen the trust of our businesses and clients is one of the pillars of our overall technology strategy.

Our board of directors receives an annual update on the state of our cyber security strategy and cyber risk, and the risk committee receives regular updates on cyber risk from the Chief Risk Officer, and periodically from cyber risk or technology executives.

Resilient Services: Strive to provide real time protection of global cyber security capabilities against new and emerging risks such as the evolving digital threat landscape resulting from workforce adoption of hybrid workplace arrangements and client adoption of digital services through layered security solutions including multi factor authentication, online ID verification and behaviour analytics.

Intelligence led security: Leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning, and behavioural analytics for deeper insights into opaque threats.

We also continue to upskill our staff to keep pace with the changing cyber risk profile.

Risk management: Implement and adopt appropriate security and operational cyber security controls for greater risk management.

Security mindset: Advance security awareness to build stronger cyber security communities.

For example, over 99 per cent of employees have completed the Fundamentals of Privacy and Security training program, a mandatory course at RBC.

We are evolving how we manage supply chain risks and the level of exposure from third party relationships to further enhance our cyber resilience.

We require valid Know Your Client identification documentation for accounts opened online.

Our controls and practices are designed to protect against unauthorized online or mobile transactions.

In addition, we have automated some of our fraud prevention calls in an effort to reach clients faster regarding their information security and to reduce the potential for any negative impact on them.

We continue to strengthen our cyber control framework and improve our resilience and cyber security capabilities, cyber intelligence analysis of internal and external threats, including 24 hour monitoring and alerting of potentially suspicious security events and incidents.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

At RBC Wealth Management (RBC WM) and RBC GAM, we use responsible investment (RI) as an umbrella term to describe a broad range of approaches for incorporating ESG considerations into our investment processes.

These approaches are not mutually exclusive multiple approaches can be applied simultaneously within a single investment strategy.

RBC WM and RBC GAM offer certain investment options across a range of investment vehicles or platforms in line with some or all of the responsible investment approaches described below.

Applying positive or negative screens to include or exclude assets from the investment universe.

Investing in assets involved in a particular ESG related theme or seeking to address a specific social or environmental issue.

Investing in assets that intend to generate a measureable positive social or environmental impact.

Systematically incorporating material63 ESG factors, where applicable, into investment decision making to identify potential risks and opportunities and help improve long term, risk adjusted returns.

The RBC GAM Corporate Governance and Responsible Investment (CGRI) team helps to advance the integration of ESG factors into applicable investment processes by managing, coordinating and conducting ESG research, supporting investment teams with ESG integration, engaging with investee companies on ESG related issues, researching and analyzing proxy voting issues, managing RBC GAM’s proxy voting activities, collaborating with like minded investors and engaging with lawmakers or regulators on ESG related issues.

RBC GAM’s approach to responsible investment comprises three pillars.

We take specific actions under each of these pillars to deliver on our duty of maximizing our clients’ investment returns without undue risk of loss.

Active stewardship: We convey our views through thoughtful proxy voting and engagement with issuers65 for applicable types of investments.

We also engage with regulatory bodies on material ESG issues and collaborate with other like minded investors, where applicable.

Client driven solutions and reporting: We align our solutions with client demand and provide transparent and meaningful reporting.

RBC GAM Corporate Governance Responsible Investment Annual Report 2022.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

At RBC GAM, ESG integration means that investment teams consider material63 ESG factors when making investment related decisions within the applicable portfolios that they manage.64 We believe that being an active, engaged and responsible investor empowers us to enhance the long term, risk adjusted performance of our portfolios and is part of our fiduciary duty.

We believe that issuers that manage their material ESG risks and opportunities effectively are more likely to outperform on a risk adjusted basis, over the long term.

We also believe that collaboration with like minded investors may give us greater influence on issues that are meaningful to our investments, and that initiatives that increase transparency and foster fair and efficient markets can benefit investors and clients globally.

In 2022, we continued to focus on enhancing ESG knowledge firm wide.

ESG education sessions were held featuring both internal and external experts and discussed a range of topics including climate change, the energy transition and cyber security.

In 2022, RBC GAM published our second annual Task Force on Climate related Financial.

As stewards of our clients’ assets, we strive to ensure that issuers we invest in act in alignment with the long term interests of our clients.

We address topics such as board structure, executive compensation, gender diversity and climate change with issuers and regulatory bodies, where material.63 We do this by employing proxy voting and engagement, and participating in collaborative initiatives.

In 2022, our investment teams held 1,802 engagements with issuers where ESG topics were a significant focus.67.

RBC GAM continued to develop and expand its ESG data infrastructure to help enable ESG integration by the investment teams, where applicable.

For example, climate dashboards are made available to investment teams on a quarterly basis for some investment strategies.

This enables investment teams to measure and monitor portfolio carbon emissions, transition risks and opportunities, net zero alignment, and to conduct climate scenario analysis at a portfolio, sector and issuer level for applicable types of investments.

We continue to work closely with other like minded investors on material ESG issues.

RBC GAM participates in several collaborative engagement initiatives, including the 30% Club Canadian Investor Group, Climate Action 100 and Climate Engagement Canada.

Please see the RBC GAM Corporate Governance and Responsible Investment (CGRI) Annual Report 2022 for details.

To support the integration of climate change factors for the applicable type of investments,64 we use climate data and analytics to identify, assess and monitor the impacts of climate risks and opportunities.

At RBC GAM, we believe that proxy voting is a key part of our stewardship process, as it provides an important way for us to convey our views to the boards and management of our investee companies.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

In 2022, RBC GAM partnered with the Ivey Business School at Western University to create the Women in Asset Management (WAM) program, which is designed to increase the representation of individuals who self identify as women in the asset management industry.

The WAM program provides classes and a paid internship, giving students who are at the beginning stage of their career path first hand experience.

RBC GAM hosted six participants for the inaugural year of the program.

In 2022, RBC GAM continued to offer client driven solutions in the various regions in which we operate.

We strive to provide our clients with regular reporting on our responsible investment activities.

We produce an annual and semi annual CGRI report, highlighting RBC GAM’s responsible investment activities.

We also publish ESG thought leadership and insights throughout the year.

For more information, please refer to our Insights page at rbcgam.com.

RBC GAM is a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and is committed to putting the PRI’s six Principles of Responsible Investment (Principles) into practice.

The PRI evaluates signatories’ approaches to the Principles based on its assessment methodology.

The results of our most recent assessment report can be viewed at rbcgam.com.

RBC GAM is a signatory to the UK Stewardship Code (2020), and our 2021 Stewardship Report was successful in meeting the expected standard of reporting of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC).

We published our 2022 annual RBC GAM Responsible Investment Survey of over 700 institutional investors and investment consultants across the U.S., Canada, Europe and Asia.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

Interest in responsible investment continued to grow in 2022 efforts were focused on the continued expansion of information and investment solutions available to clients.

Thought leadership and education: USWM and WM Canada produced several publications and newsletters to aid advisors and clients in educating themselves in and understanding responsible investment.

Understanding the different forms of the responsible investment and how to apply them to a portfolio is at the core of any conversation.

In 2021, WM began our Sustainability through Technology (SusTech) multi monthly thought leadership series, which focuses on topics within GreenTech, HealthTech, FinTech, Smart Cities, AgriTech and FoodTech.

In 2022, we continued this educational series around the topics of net zero, energy security and transition, food security, electric vehicles, and solar energy.

Managed solutions: In 2019, USWM launched the RBC ESG Select Portfolios.

This suite of portfolios followed USWM global asset allocation guidelines and was constructed using mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs).

In 2020, WM Canada launched RBC Multi Asset Portfolio Solutions ESG Global Balanced Portfolio.

In 2022, USWM and WM Canada continued to refine its suite of responsible investing solutions and plans to expand it in the coming years.

ESG consideration in Portfolio Advisory Group (PAG) equity portfolios: The PAG team performs research on and constructs equity portfolios.

In early 2020, they began formally considering ESG factors, including climate change, when building these portfolios.

PAG hired a responsible investing and ESG portfolio manager in 2021 and a responsible investing portfolio advisor in 2022 to launch more dedicated ESG solutions that fit into the following responsible investment approaches: ESG integration, ESG screening exclusion, and thematic ESG investing.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

We see sustainable finance as a growth opportunity for our clients and our business.

We also believe there is tremendous potential for financial markets to contribute to solving some of the biggest social and environmental challenges that we collectively face.

That’s why RBC has committed to providing 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025.

We are committed to transparency and accountability to our stakeholders.

In 2022, we published our Sustainable Finance Framework, which defines our approach and methodology for classifying, tracking and disclosing our performance towards our sustainable finance commitment.9 In our Sustainable Finance Framework, sustainable finance refers to financial activities that take into account environmental, social and governance factors.

As a provider of sustainable finance products and services, we have a deep interest in enhancing the integrity and credibility of the sustainable finance market, and are committed to upholding industry guidelines and good market practice.70 Given the fast changing and dynamic nature of the sustainable finance market, we will continue to evolve our methodology in line with market practice and industry guidelines.

We also remain committed to working with industry, government, financial institutions, civil society and academia to promote consistent tracking and measuring of sustainable finance activities.

RBC provides sustainable finance solutions to meet a range of client needs including sustainable bonds and loans, ESG advisory services and financing for solutions that support environmental and social objectives, such as electric vehicles and affordable housing.

RBC Capital Markets also provides ESG research and thought leadership on sustainable finance topics.

RBC Capital Markets ESG Hub Sustainable Finance Framework Sustainable Bond Framework.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

At RBC, we track progress annually on our commitment to provide 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025.9 Our performance is one measure of our ability to unlock opportunities to support our clients on their ESG objectives.

In 2022, we supported clients with 84.8 billion in sustainable finance, up from 83.8 billion in 2021.

The figures below describe our progress towards the 500 billion sustainable finance commitment and provides a breakdown by outcome category.

At RBC Capital Markets, we partner closely with our clients to help them achieve their ESG objectives by leveraging our expertise, advice and sustainable finance offerings to support global efforts in areas such as reducing GHG emissions and increasing socio economic inclusion.

To help drive this work, we set an ambitious commitment to provide 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025 a goal we are now well on our way to achieving.

We believe partnering with our clients in this way will help us collectively contribute to more sustainable economic prosperity for generations to come.

Value for Clients2022 ESG PERFORMANCE REPORT       Table of Contents.

Client satisfaction and loyalty 40 Digital enablement 44 Privacy Cyber security Responsible investment Sustainable finance Value for Communities.

RBC is proud to support the growth and diversification of the sustainable debt market.

Ranked 10th overall and first amongst Canadian banks in GSSS Bond volumes by bookrunner,82 and fifth overall and first amongst Canadian banks in SLL volumes by bookrunner in our core currencies.83.

Announced the establishment of the Sustainable Finance practice within the RBC.

Corporate Client Group to help mid market clients.

The group’s mandate includes advisory services as well as the origination and execution of debt mandates to support clients with their ESG objectives.

Through the RBC Corporate Client Group, launched a pilot with Export Development.

Hosted our ninth annual Sustainable Bond Conference.

Financing for sustainable solutions over 50 mandates focused on renewable energy and cleantech solutions such as renewable natural gas, hydrogen, carbon capture and energy storage.

Our national cleantech practice, through RBCx , allows RBC to offer our cleantech clients a full service platform with access to capital solutions, innovative products and services, and expert advice.

In 2022, we continued to grow our national cleantech practice with a team of 10 RBCx professionals distributed coast to coast in Canada and worked with a number of cleantech ecosystem partners to identify and overcome hurdles to the commercialization of cleantech solutions.

RBC provides competitive financing options available to Canadians under our Clean Energy Vehicle Finance Program for hybrid and electric vehicles.

The total amount of financing for hybrids and EVs increased by more than 2.5 times since the program was launched in 2019, with annual originations increasing by over 60 per cent over the same period.

RBC delivers ESG ideas and insights through thought leadership and events.

Created value for investors through ESG Stratify , our ESG equity research offering.

Published 10 Sustainability Matters client newsletters, providing analysis of current events.

Select examples include: and emerging trends and their impact on the ESG landscape.

Our Community Investments group provides financing for affordable multi family and senior house communities, as well as wind and solar energy projects in the U.S. As of October 31, 2022, this team oversees the management of financing for more than 98,700 affordable homes, has 1,084 affordable housing tax credit assets under administration and has financed over 2.9 gigawatts of energy capacity generated by 54,000 renewable energy assets since its inception in 2015.

The dedicated Global Energy Transition Expert Group in Capital Markets provides cross.

Hosted our second annual Global ESG Conference, featuring 29 sessions over two days, including high profile keynotes, engaging panel discussions and in depth fireside chats.

The conference was attended by over 2,400 global registrants.

Delivered Navigating the World of ESG, a thought leadership series for corporate clients to promote ESG best practices.

Delivered The Energy Transition, a thought leadership series that provides deep industry dives into climate ready ready solutions, supporting our position as a thought leader in the energy transition.

For more information about our strategy to support our clients in sectors across the economy in an orderly and inclusive transition to net zero, and the risks and opportunities we face, please visit rbc.com climate.

Our Purpose mobilizes us to create meaningful value in what we do as a bank, but also in ways that extend beyond our organization.

While we are optimistic about the future, we understand that we are also in the position of being able to help those we serve and our society at large better prepare for it.

Our approach to delivering value for communities fuses together our collective resources, talents and connections, enabling us to bring people together in common cause to make positive change.

We use a more than money approach to multiply the impact of our work, including thought leadership, the power to connect and convene, and the expertise of our employees.

This approach includes working with our community partners, subject matter experts, and the public and private sectors to promote inclusion and vibrancy in our communities.

Using our Impact Measurement Framework, we measure and manage the impact we have made in our ESG focus areas, and communicate this to our key stakeholders including our clients, employees and shareholders.

The world is transforming at an unprecedented pace.

We will continue to leverage our brand and scale to engage in important conversations and take a stand on issues that matter while harnessing our resources to focus on helping those who need it most and helping to create solutions and opportunities in the communities where we live and work.

Economic value generated and distributed Fulfil our obligations to the economy and promote the wellbeing of society at large.

Community and social impact Address societal change and focus on the issues that matter to our stakeholders.

Financial wellbeing and inclusion Help people navigate their financial journey and build financially healthy and resilient futures.

Responsible procurement and supplier diversity Source suppliers that reflect RBC’s Purpose, Vision and.

For RBC, generating and distributing economic value is about how we fulfil our obligations to the economy and promote the wellbeing of society at large.

It is a simple equation: we generate revenue from the products and services we sell we then distribute a portion of that revenue or economic value to those we rely on for our success.

That distribution is seen in the compensation and benefits we provide our employees, in the dividends paid to our shareholders, in meeting our tax obligations at all levels of government and in the investments we make in our communities.

In 2022, we earned revenue of 49.0 billion and distributed 35.9 billion in economic value.31 We invested the balance in our company for future growth.

For more information on our operating expenses, cash dividends and tax expense, consult our 2022 Annual Report.

For more information on our community investment activities, see page 59.

According to the Global Reporting Initiative, economic value generated and distributed 31 is defined as measuring the impact of a company on the economy.

We are committed to showcasing our substantial role in generating and distributing economic value throughout the areas where we operate.

Our shareholders include individual investors worldwide: pension funds, insurance, trust and investment companies asset managers, and our employees.

We are committed to providing good returns to our shareholders.

We measure our performance in this area using total shareholder returns (TSR), a metric that compares the performance of our common shares over a period of time, reflecting share price appreciation and dividends paid to common shareholders.

We report our financial performance in our Annual Report.

We pay our share of taxes in all jurisdictions where we operate.

This includes income, capital, property, payroll, business, insurance premium, and value added and sales taxes.

For our publicly stated financial and tax information, please see pages 27 and 28 of our Annual Report.

RBC provides employment to 95,000 people worldwide.

The compensation and benefits we provide have both a direct impact and an indirect ripple effect on the economy.

Our employees’ compensation and benefits are redirected into their communities, which generates demand for local business and support for charitable and not for profit sectors.

In turn, this demand sparks increased economic activity and hiring in other industries.

For more information on employment and remuneration, please see the About Value for Employees policy and programs report.

In operating our business, we distribute the revenue we generate by making cash payments for materials, product components, facilities and services.

This includes occupancy, equipment, communications and professional fees.

RBC is one of Canada’s largest corporate donors, with a tradition of philanthropy dating back to 1891.

We recognize that we have an important leadership role to play in addressing societal challenges and change.

The aim of our global community investment programs is to have a positive ripple effect on the communities where we do business.

Accordingly, we employ a careful approach to determine our strategy and our signature programming, focusing on the issues that are important to society and people, while considering our ability to make an impact through what we do, what we offer and what we influence.

We have developed a targeted, comprehensive and coordinated strategy to address these issues by leveraging RBC resources, capabilities and more than money’ levers.

We collaborate with multi sector experts to stay up to date with relevant evidence and science and to co create solutions with the people who have a deep understanding of community and social impact topics.

We are proud to invest significantly in the communities where we work and live our long term success depends on it.

In 2022, we provided 109 million in cash donations and 45 million in community investments, totaling 154 million globally.

A significant portion of the cash donation contribution includes over 79 million from the RBC Foundation , a separate legal entity that reports financial information to the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA).

As signatories to Imagine Canada’s Caring Company Program, we already invest a minimum of 1% of our domestic net income before income taxes in support of charitable and non profit initiatives in Canada.

In 2022, we set a community investment target of 1% of net income before taxes (based on a five year rolling average) in RBC core markets (Canada, U.S., U.K. and Europe) by 2025.

Our corporate citizenship strategy is an outward expression of our Purpose, and puts communities at the centre of what we do.

Support to non profits and organizations providing significant community benefit.

Community sponsorships that align with our brand and business goals and deliver social, environmental or economic benefits.

Volunteer efforts of employees and retirees, with financial support from RBC to their charitable partners.

Other community investment activities including gifts in kind and employee activities in support of community development during working hours.

Financial products, services and advice that generate social and environmental benefits as well as financial returns.

Our global coordinated efforts around climate change, youth, diversity and inclusion, and financial wellbeing are what set RBC apart.

Empowering people with the tools and resources to support their mental health, to navigate their financial journeys and to build the skills required to meet the challenges of tomorrow is how we make a difference in communities around the world.

We’re proud of the role we play with our clients, employees and charitable partners.

Together, we are opening the doors to a more innovative, sustainable and inclusive future.

Human Rights Position Statement Modern Slavery Act Statement Code of Conduct RBC Supplier Code of Conduct A Chosen Journey: RBC Indigenous.

Our Impact Measurement Framework (IMF) guides our community investments and allows us to manage our impact on society by measuring our progress towards our objectives.

In applying the IMF, we strive to create value for ourselves and our partners by enabling data and insights.

We aligned our IMF areas with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), recognizing their global significance, and adapted them for relevance in the context of our operating environment.

See Appendix III on page 86 for more information on our impact areas and how they align with the UN SDGs.

For more information on how we drive positive community and social impact across these priority areas as well as our employee community involvement, please visit the RBC Community and Social Impact website.

Value for Communities2022 ESG PERFORMANCE REPORT Table of Contents.

To support RBC’s ESG strategic priority of youth success, RBC Future Launch is providing 500 million by 2025 to help Canadian youth access meaningful employment through work experience, skill development opportunities, networking solutions, and mental well being supports and services.

The COVID 19 pandemic made it even more complex for young people to prepare for the jobs of the future, and these challenges have continued in 2022, strengthening RBC’s determination to help young people access the resources they need today to prepare them for tomorrow.

In this vein, we continued to focus on delivering resources and supports at scale and on addressing social equity gaps.

We deploy a more than money’ approach to our investments by building the capacity of our partners, strengthening their capabilities and helping them achieve their respective missions.

To drive systemic change, our objectives include using our capabilities for good, building targeted multi sector partnerships and stimulating public thinking.

The program also continues to unlock partner capabilities to deliver economic impact, such as enabling economic growth for entrepreneurs, supporting small businesses to hire youth employees, providing access to training in cloud computing and digitizing programs to be accessible globally.

In 2022, we invested a total of 65.5 million in youth related organizations and increased the number of youth we impacted by 1.7 million.

Since 2017, we have invested 331 million and partnered with 840 organizations to deliver programming to now a total of 5.3 million youth.

In 2020, we committed to providing 50 million in focused funding through RBC Future Launch to create meaningful and transformative pathways to prosperity for up to 25,000 BIPOC youth by 2025, with investments in areas such as skills development and mentoring.

As of October 31, 2022, we have now contributed nearly 24 million towards our goal.

In 2022, we partnered with a number of organizations, including: NPower, League of Innovators, Journalists for Human Rights and Visions of Science.

To support Indigenous youth specifically, we renewed and launched a number of partnerships including the Gord Downie Chanie Wenjack Fund, Red River College and Momentum Community Economic Development Society.

Beyond partnerships, we have also created tools and programs to leverage RBC’s scale, influence and assets, multiplying the impact of our substantial financial commitment.

In 2022, over 1.4 million individuals accessed youth mental well being programs supported by RBC Future Launch, and over 200,000 youth accessed tools such as RBC Upskill , Future Launch at Home, Magnet, Riipen and Ten Thousand Coffees.

Our approach drives awareness across multiple sectors (educators, government, business and community organizations) and allows us to take a holistic approach to preparing youth for the future of work, including our own employees.

We are intentional in our collaborations, including with partners, employees across RBC and, most importantly, young Canadians, so that what we build continues to be relevant and useful.

Helping to create prosperity for Canadians is directly linked to our ability to prepare young people to succeed in an ever changing global economy.

For more information, please see RBC Future Launch.

RBC Tech for Nature is our multi year commitment to preserving our natural ecosystem.

Using a more than money’ approach, RBC is bringing together charitable partners, technology experts, the public and the private sectors, as well as our own unique capabilities, to build the type of multi partner coalitions needed to help address complex environmental challenges.

We are providing 100 million by 202514 to support organizations that are leveraging technology and innovation capabilities to solve pressing environmental challenges.

RBC’s intention is to bring the right partners together to tackle these global challenges through technology such as artificial intelligence, blockchain and app development.

RBC Tech for Nature is also an important commitment in the RBC Climate Blueprint, our enterprise climate strategy.

In 2022, we invested over 12 million in more than 100 Canadian organizations that will deliver digital programs and technology solutions across three strategic pillars: data, the innovation ecosystem and communities of action, with a focus on technology use in the cleantech, water, conservation, biodiversity, agriculture and energy sectors.

Select highlights include our continued support of Ocean Wise Conservation Association to restore kelp forests along the coast of British Columbia and our partnership with the Royal Canadian Geographic Society and Swim Drink Fish to support Biinaagami: Our shared responsibility to the Great Lakes.

For more information, please visit RBC Tech for Nature.

Throughout 2022, urgent action was required to respond to tragic humanitarian and environmental crises.

RBC mobilized in these times of need and gave nearly 1.9 million to support humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine and Pakistan, natural disaster response efforts in Canada and the U.S. and in response efforts to local tragedies.

Organizations supported include: the Red Cross Ukraine Humanitarian Crisis Appeal, the International Committee of the Red Cross, Medical Corps, Save the Children, Mental Health Foundation, UNICEF, the UN Refugee Agency, the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the San Antonio Foundation’s Uvalde Strong Fund, the Brady Center, the Violence Policy Center, the James Smith Cree Nation, the Royal University Hospital Foundation, the Victoria Hospital Foundation, the Red Cross Pakistan Floods Appeal, the United Way of British Columbia, Food Banks BC, the Canadian Red Cross and the American Red Cross.

At RBC, we believe that diversity and inclusion provide advantages in developing intellectual capital and supporting our company’s continued growth in Canada and around the world.

By drawing on the strength of diversity, we can meet new challenges and help create prosperity for our clients, employees, shareholders and communities.

As a result, the theme of diversity underscores our community programs, and we proactively look for opportunities to support Indigenous Peoples, BIPOC, the LGBTQ community, women, newcomers, persons with disabilities, racialized communities and individuals of low socioeconomic status.

For more information, please visit Diversity Inclusion.

Through our partnership with First Nations University, more than 39,000 Canadians have registered for the innovative 4 Seasons of Reconciliation since 2021.

The course and its companion national bonus video library, provide a concrete tool for building a more inclusive workplace that actively meets and responds to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada Calls to Action.

RBC Emerging Artists seeks to advance artists’ career trajectories in visual arts, music, theatre, performance, literature and film.

In 2022, we supported more than 200 organizations with over 10 million to create exposure, networking and training opportunities to help over 6,000 emerging artists establish and grow their careers.

Through RBC Emerging Artists, our investments in arts organizations have exceeded 119 million in Canada and supported 35,000 artists since 2007.

In 2022, we welcomed back in person art experiences and events.

RBC Emerging Artists worked closely with our partners to support programs that nurtured artistic growth while supporting hybrid experiences to promote up and coming artists.

We also increased investments in BIPOC focused programs to reduce barriers within the creative community and to further help artists transition from emerging to established.

Through RBC Emerging Artists, students, educators and artists are gaining a clearer understanding of opportunities in the arts sector and furthering their ability to build thriving and successful careers across all genres.

Highlights of 2022 include facilitating panel discussions with 1,300 emerging artists at Canadian Music Week and supporting 116 participants at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) through the Women Creator Initiative.

At RBC, our community engagement programs are designed to meet RBCers and community partners where they are, offering a variety of ways to get engaged and share their stories of impact.

We are focused on making it easy for them to learn about their communities, take action and share what they’ve done to inspire others.

Action can take many forms, from volunteering time and skills to donating personal funds, fundraising or directing corporate funds earned through engagement.

In 2022, we saw a return to in person connections in local communities.

Employees and retirees volunteered over 145,000 hours as individuals or in teams with the organizations that mean the most to them.

For the second annual Global Earth Day Challenge, employees in 19 countries completed over 51,000 actions together in support of the environment.

Through this and other community engagement, employees were also able to direct almost 7 million in corporate funds to charities around the world.

Our annual Employee Giving Campaign went global for the first time with 81% of employees taking part.

Together, employees and retirees personally donated 21.8 million to more than 9,500 global charities.

Building off the success of our virtual races in 2020 and 2021, and combining it with the excitement of the live races our employees know and love, RBC took a hybrid approach to Race for the Kids in 2022.

In different parts of the world, where regulations allowed, live races took place, and in others, we continued with a virtual model some cities even offered both options to support accessibility in their communities.

In 2022, over 37,000 participants raised more than 9 million to support our charitable partners, with a focus on youth.

For more information on how we supported Canadian communities through our programs highlighted above, please see pages 3 9 of our 2022 Public Accountability Statement.

Core to RBC’s Purpose is our long standing dedication to supporting the financial wellbeing and inclusion of our clients and of the broader community.

The compounding effects of the COVID 19 pandemic, rising cost of living and threat of an upcoming recession have placed a heightened importance on this topic for RBC, our clients and our communities.

In total, we offer more than 40 solutions around financial wellbeing and inclusion, either directly through RBC or through partners that target different needs.

These efforts are further tailored to specific demographics, including but not limited to, seniors, women, persons with disabilities, youth and young adults, Indigenous Peoples, and newcomers.

To help tackle this challenge, RBC assists individuals in navigating their financial wellbeing journeys through a coordinated effort across our channels including branches, products, services, courses and external partnerships.

The Value for Clients section of this Report has more information on RBC’s digital solutions that enable clients to better navigate their financial wellbeing.

More details on specific solutions can be found in Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives as well as pages 16 21 of RBC’s 2022 Public Accountability Statement.

Simplify finances: Provide individuals with transparent and easy to use products and services to better manage their day to day cash flow and expenses.

Empower clients to achieve their goals: Deliver digital tools and personalized advice that support clients in effectively planning for the future, and to reach their long term aspirations beyond banking.

Create better relationships with money: Help people develop the financial knowledge, career skills and confidence to build a strong foundation with money for the long term.

Enable equitable access to financial security: Address diverse needs and circumstances for those that face unique barriers.

Partnership Report 2022 Diversity Inclusion at RBC.

RBC continues to invest in developing and refining products and services to make it easier for our clients to manage their money.

For example, our NOMI Find Save feature has saved users an average of more than 450 per month as outlined in the Value for Clients section of this Report.

RBC Vantage Snapshot : Launched in 2022, the Vantage Snapshot provides clients with a personalized picture of the cumulative savings and benefits they’ve received with their RBC bank accounts and highlights opportunities for clients to earn and save more all in one spot.

PayPlan by RBC was launched in 2022 to give select retail cardholders the option to pay for items over time on the terms that work best for them through a simple, positive payment experience at a lower cost than their regular interest rate.

RBC is dedicated to helping our clients plan for the future and achieve their long term aspirations through digital tools and personalized advice.

For example, 3.3 million Canadians have now used RBC’s MyAdvisor to develop a free personalized financial plan as outlined in the Value for Clients section of this Report.

Support for newcomers: We have established the RBC Meeting Place specifically for newcomers.

This is a unique branch format that empowers newcomers with information, expertise and tools to help them settle in Canada, which is facilitated by RBC employees who have experienced being a newcomer to Canada.

In addition, RBC has a dedicated team of advisors to help newcomers settle in Canada.

These advisors are specially trained to assist newcomers with one on one advice about banking and their financial needs.

They engage with the communities they work in and help newcomers get settled in Canada through community partners.

Arrive : RBC continues to invest in a beyond banking venture called Arrive, where the objective is to help newcomers achieve their life, career and financial goals in Canada.

Through the Arrive content hub, newcomers can access tools, resources and information.

Arrive also provides newcomers with workshops and webinars to prepare for life in Canada, on topics such as searching for a job and accessing healthcare and housing.

In 2022, on average, more than 150,000 newcomers a month accessed the Arrive platform, demonstrating the significant need for relevant information and support during these uncertain times.

Helping people feel empowered with the knowledge and confidence they need to build a strong financial foundation is important to RBC.

We deliver financial education across multiple digital and in person platforms including free online content and courses, interactive tools, in person workshops and ecosystem partnerships with financial education providers, community organizations and accredited institutions.

Further, we help individuals build long term resilience by providing access to skill building opportunities to advance their careers.

Mydoh is a money management app designed to assist parents as they begin to introduce their children to financial literacy.

Since the launch of the full product offering in August 2021, Mydoh has empowered 100,000 Canadians to tackle financial concepts through a hands on and interactive experience with the ultimate goal of building confidence and independence that children can apply to the real world.

Free university partnership courses: RBC has partnered with several universities to develop free online courses including the McGill Personal Financial Essentials, a bilingual personal financial education course available to individuals across Canada.

Launched in 2019, the course has had nearly 240,000 registrations.

In 2022, RBC launched two additional courses The Founder’s Journey in partnership with Western University and The Globe and Mail to support aspiring entrepreneurs and Foundations in Agriculture Management in partnership with the University of Guelph and Farm Credit Canada to help farmers upgrade their farm management skills.

At RBC, we understand that specific populations experience challenges and barriers in accessing the traditional financial services system and in building financial security.

We believe that it is important to address and meet these diverse needs and circumstances through the inclusive development and delivery of products and services and through cross sector partnerships.

Indigenous Trust Financing Program: In 2022, RBC implemented a new financing program for Indigenous nations to better access capital called the Indigenous Trust Financing program.

The program enables Indigenous nations to preserve capital held in trust while borrowing against their trust assets to finance important community infrastructure and economic development projects.

BlindSquare: RBC has partnered with the Canadian National Institute for the Blind to implement BlindSquare in approximately 300 of our branches.

BlindSquare is a leading navigational app for blind and partially sighted people that acts as a verbal GPS when they are both navigating a city as well as providing wayfinding within the interior of our branches.

Survivor Inclusion Initiative: In 2022, RBC continued to expand our Survivor Inclusion Initiative initiative to provide basic banking services to survivors of human trafficking.

Partnering with survivor support organizations across Canada, RBC’s program aims to reconnect human trafficking survivors with the financial system through financial literacy programming, fundamental banking education and access to free, unlimited chequing and savings accounts.

Supporting Black entrepreneurs: In 2020, RBC announced a commitment of.

As part of this commitment, RBC is providing 40 million in financing through the Black Entrepreneurship Startup program in collaboration with Futurpreneur Canada to offer small business loans, mentorship and business resources.

Since its launch, the program has provided financing to over 200 entrepreneurs.

In addition, RBC launched a new financing solution in October 2021, called the RBC Black Entrepreneur Loan (BEBL), with loans of up to 250,000 and dedicated advice to eligible Black entrepreneurs.

In addition, we provide workshops, events and online tools to support Black entrepreneurs in areas such as the credit application process, financial literacy and cash flow management.

RBC purchases goods and services from thousands of suppliers in Canada and around the world, providing a direct contribution to these economies.

Our procurement expenditures have a ripple effect we pay our suppliers, who in turn hire employees, pay taxes, invest in research and purchase their own goods and services which becomes a cycle.

RBC is committed to procurement practices that reflect our Purpose, Vision and Values.

We have a principles based Supplier Code of Conduct that articulates RBC’s expectations with respect to a supplier’s business integrity, responsible business practices and responsible treatment of individuals and the environment.

We also have a comprehensive risk assessment and due diligence program in place for suppliers, which includes ensuring suppliers have policies that address discrimination, the minimum age of employment, minimum wages, overtime hours and legally mandated benefits at all of their facilities.

We endeavour to use a fair sourcing process, which incorporates sustainability considerations and offers opportunities to third party suppliers, including diverse suppliers.

As part of the Supplier Code of Conduct, suppliers must, among other things, adhere to human rights, labour and employment standards and legislation.

They also must treat their employees fairly and with respect, including respect for their diversity.

We have created an ongoing process to monitor the acknowledgement of the Supplier Code of Conduct.

We strive to ensure that our suppliers meet our expectations and act as good corporate citizens.

RBC seeks to partner with suppliers that share our Values, including those pertaining to environmental sustainability, diversity and human rights.

We ask suppliers to provide details on their commitment to responsible environmental management, employee health and safety, ethical business practices, compliance with labour standards, and supplier and workforce diversity.

In 2022, RBC updated the Supplier Code of Conduct to clarify expectations specifically related to climate and human rights.

Suppliers are expected to support RBC’s efforts in the transition to net zero, as described in the RBC Climate Blueprint.

As well, suppliers are encouraged to integrate environmental sustainability into company policies and business practices, share our commitment to human rights, adhere to principles of diversity and maintain a respectful workplace.

These considerations and values are reflected in our procurement practices, including updated request for proposal (RFP) questions that focus on assessing suppliers’ commitments to diversity and climate.

Founding member of the Canadian Aboriginal and Minority Supplier Council (Canada) Member of Women Business Enterprises Canada (Canada) Member of National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce (Canada) Member of National Minority Supplier Development Council (Canada) Member of Disability:IN (U.S.) Member of National Veteran Business Development Council (U.S.) Member of Minority Supplier Development U.K (UK) Member of WeConnect International (UK) Member of the Financial Services Roundtable for Supplier Diversity In 2022, RBC was a recipient of the CGLCC Ambassador of the Year award and the WBE.

RBC’s Supplier Diversity Strategy aims to help level the playing field for diverse suppliers.

We do this in a variety of ways including investing in the diverse supplier community through formal programs such as mentorship and specialized programming.

In 2022, RBC launched the RBC Supplier Diversity Mentorship Program focused on knowledge sharing and capability development.

Additionally, we introduced a 20 week Financial Literacy and Planning workshop, delivered by RBC Wealth Management, for women owned businesses.

RBC also continues to evolve its relationship with diversity councils through ongoing financial commitments, sponsorships, event participation, supplier development and more.

For more information on RBC’s climate related commitments, see our RBC Climate Blueprint and the 2022 Climate Report, which includes additional information on RBC’s climate governance, strategy, risk management approach, and metrics and targets.

Climate change presents a significant global challenge that is already impacting people and communities around the world.

At RBC, we believe the actions we take today and in the coming years may have a lasting effect for generations to come.

Addressing climate change is one of RBC’s ESG strategic priorities and core to our Purpose helping clients thrive and communities prosper.

Our approach aims to balance the needs of people and the planet, and we believe that the greatest impact RBC can make in the transition to net zero is by supporting our clients.

A balanced approach is especially critical for the energy transition.

Access to sufficient, reliable and affordable sources of clean energy is necessary for an orderly transition and is a key imperative as society works together to decarbonize the economy.

The RBC Climate Blueprint outlines our enterprise climate strategy for accelerating the pace of climate action and supporting our clients in an orderly and inclusive transition to a net zero economy.

The RBC Climate Blueprint defines the role that RBC is playing in the climate transition and identifies four strategic priorities with supporting actions and commitments.

Each of these priorities are anchored by our strengths in finance, investment, risk management, innovation, economic and policy research, and community investment.

We publish climate related disclosures annually in our stand alone RBC Climate Report, formerly called the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report.

The report outlines progress against the priorities in the RBC Climate Blueprint and is guided by the recommendations of the TCFD.

Help clients as they transition to net zero We believe the orderly and inclusive transition to net zero is important to achieve a more sustainable economy.

Financial institutions are uniquely positioned to help align financial flows with net zero pathways93 and we are supporting our clients as they transition to net zero.

Hold ourselves accountable We intend to achieve net zero in our lending by 2050 one of the most impactful steps that we can take to address climate change as we support our clients as they transition.

Inform and inspire a sustainable future We believe all stakeholders have a role to play in the orderly and inclusive transition.

We are providing timely research and insights to inform public policy and decarbonization plans, and investing in partners that are focused on innovative solutions to encourage meaningful climate action, including through our 100 million commitment to RBC Tech for Nature by 2025.14.

Advance net zero leadership in our own operations We are advancing progress towards our goals to reduce our own global emissions by 70 per cent with a baseline year of 201815 and source 100 per cent of our electricity from renewable and non emitting sources by 2025.16 We also continue to maintain carbon neutrality in our operations.

Provided 84.8 billion in sustainable finance in 2022, as part of the bank’s commitment to provide 500 billion in sustainable finance by 2025 to support our clients’ ESG objectives.9.

Released our Sustainable Finance Framework, which defines our approach and methodology to classify, track and disclose our performance towards our sustainable finance commitment.

Sustainable finance refers to financial activities that take into account environmental, social and governance factors.

Ranked 10th overall and first amongst Canadian banks in Green, Social, Sustainability and Sustainability linked Bond volumes by bookrunner,82 and fifth overall and first amongst Canadian banks in Sustainability linked Loan volumes by Bookrunner in our core currencies.83 Leveraged Personal Commercial Banking’s (P CB) existing product portfolio to support its clients’ transition to net zero, including lending such as electric and hybrid vehicles and energy retrofit loans.

Continued to grow P CB’s national cleantech practice through RBCx which offers our cleantech clients a full service platform with access to capital solutions, innovative products and services, and expert advice.

Launched a pilot with Export Development Canada in November 2022 to provide up to US 1 billion in financing over three years to support Canadian businesses in their transition towards greener business operations.84.

Delivered a key milestone in our commitment to achieving net zero emissions in our lending portfolio by 2050 with the release of our initial 2030 interim emissions reduction targets for lending in three key sectors: oil gas, power generation and automotive.1 Further developed climate analytics capability relating to financed emissions, including improved quality of financed emissions data and advancing on embedding climate factors and data into decision making.

Committed 95 million to venture capital and growth equity funds that are investing in early stage innovators focused on climate and decarbonization in Canada and globally, including Evok Innovations Fund II a Canadian fund focused on carbon capture, low carbon fuels, electrification, critical minerals and industrial innovation companies in North America.

Helped to inform national and sector specific net zero decarbonization strategies through the publication of research papers that explored specific sectors in depth, including the New Climate Bargain Report (oil and gas), The Price of Power (electricity) and The Next Generation Revolution (agriculture).

Provided over 12 million to more than 100 universities and charities that are working on solutions to pressing environmental challenges like climate change by leveraging technology and innovation as part of our 100 million commitment to RBC Tech for Nature by 2025.

This brings our total investment through RBC Tech for Nature to over 39 million since 2019.

Signed our second renewable energy Power Purchase Agreement in 2022, advancing our goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our global operations by 70 per cent15 and to source 100 per cent of our electricity from renewable and non emitting sources16, both by 2025.

In 2022, we saw a 58 per cent reduction of GHG emissions in our operations compared to our 2018 baseline and 90 per cent of our electricity consumption was sourced from renewable and non emitting sources of electricity for our global operations.

For more information see the 2022 Climate Report, which includes additional information on RBC’s climate governance, strategy, risk management and metrics targets.

Visit rbc.com climate for more information about our strategy to support our clients in sectors across the economy in an orderly and inclusive transition to net zero, and the risks and opportunities we face.

See also Appendix IV, for additional environmental performance metrics of this report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Since program inception in 2019. by 2050 and to our initial 2030 interim emissions reduction targets these rankings and ratings.

Includes employees in Global Grade 09 to 12 positions.

Bank, BlueBay Asset Management (BlueBay) and Brewin Dolphin receive from our two renewable energy PPAs.

See page 40 of our 2023 Management Proxy Circular.

North Investment Management), RBC Global Asset Management ops.

Represents data from our businesses in Canada governed by is not independent.

RBC WM includes, but is not limited to, the following affiliates: (a) the Employment Equity Act.

Vice President, Senior Vice President or Executive Vice President.

In April 2019, RBC announced a commitment to provide 100 billion in our businesses in Canada governed by the Employment Equity Act.

See RBC’s 2022 Net Zero Report for more information on our initial and in 2021, we increased our commitment to provide 500 billion in around the world, comprehensive data on these four designated interim emissions reductions targets.

Sustainable finance refers to financial groups are available only in Canada.

See page 40 of our 2023 Management Proxy Circular.

This information activities that take into account environmental, social and governance new HR platform.

As a result, the calculation methodology for certain represents our board composition as of February 7, 2023.

The measurement of our sustainable associated endnotes.

While the percentage of women executives in Canada decreased in for Black, Indigenous, and people of colour.

See RBC’s Commitment consecutive years, from 46% in 2020 to 42% in 2022, for the same time unique histories of racism Black and Indigenous people have lived to Sustainable Finance for more information.

Includes contributions to non profits or non registered charities, increased from 15% to 21% and the percentage of women in Group meaning has significance worldwide.

UK, stands for Black, Asian and Minority Ethnicity.

Our 2020 ESG Report included Women in middle management and experience racism in the same way.

S P Global’s Corporate Sustainability Assessment (informing the DJSI) sources to 100%, both by 2025. reported in RBC’s 2021 and 2022 ESG Reports segment out executives reflecting the most recent scores as of February 7th, 2023.

Defined as counterbalancing emissions from our operations with from senior management.

Excludes summer interns, students, co ops, data, metrics, models and or methodologies.

Values for women are not necessarily comparable, and those given to RBC are for gifts in kind.

Figure does not include brand sponsorships or community represent data from our global operations.

Investors and other stakeholders should carefully sponsorships.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

International Energy Agency’s annual emissions factors data set.

Our energy reporting since 2018 represents 99% of our global floor students, co ops, RBC Career Launch participants, and City National expenses, human resources, taxes, donations and community area.

Diverse is defined here as survey respondents who self identify as one electricity) is August 1 to July 31, to ensure there is enough time for data measure for understanding the experiences of our employees across or more of the following: non binary gender, not born in Canada, in collection, review and approval.

Canada less than five years, BIPOC, LGBTQ , person with a disability.

Data collected using the RBC Future Launch survey.

Reflects the percentage of employees that have attested to completing drivers of inclusion and is a composite of eight questions within our the number of respondents who answered Strongly Agree or Agree the training within a set time period.

Excludes City National Bank, Blue annual Employee Engagement Survey.

Excludes City National Bank, Blue Bay, and Brewin Dolphin.

Inclusive of total income and other tax expenses, including income in the Employee Engagement Survey The 2020 Employee Opinion respondents.

Changes in Equity, to various levels of governments globally.

Calculated as total income and other taxes as a percentage of income was launched in 2021 and thus scores from prior years are not directly beneficiaries.

The correct amount is 4.0 million donated in 2021.

In 2022, additional sources of emissions that relate to fuel purchased was launched in May 2021, and City National Bank’s Ethics Hotline was our competitiveness through industry benchmarks including Ipsos for company owned transportation (Scope 1) and travel from launched in July 2019.

Power’s various client satisfaction employees (Scope 3) were identified.

See RBC’s Policy Guidelines for Sensitive Sectors and Activities which studies.

Results include Personal Commercial Banking and RBC was obtained for the years from 2018 (baseline year) onwards and address our lending activities.

Results do not include RBC Dominion Securities, PH N or reported Scope 1 and 3 GHG emissions are restated.

As determined through Canadian Financial Monitor, administered by these emissions as part of the 2022 reporting cycle and the purchased time, which differs from the full time equivalent (FTE) statistic.

Ipsos Reid, which surveys 18,000 Canadian individuals annually.

Data offsets have been included in the year to which they relate.

This based on results of RBC and its competitive peers for the fiscal year.

RBC includes Personal Banking and RBC Wealth Management.

GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) calculated according to the retirements and intermittent hourly, temporary hourly employees.

Fuel purchased directly for travel, as well as travel booked through with various term assignments.

Investing or InvestEase during the period from August 1 to October 31) and converted into emissions based on either fuel usage or distance needs.

The number of contractors represents individuals who are to total clients.

Online Banking and Mobile Banking are RBC’s flagship conversion.

Emissions factors and grid mix data used are either retained by RBC on a contractual but not an employment basis to digital products offered to Canadian Personal and Business Clients.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

In certain instances involving certain fixed income investments, operations.

Capital Markets due to the use of incomparable position groups.

Due to the implementation of a new HR platform mid year and the for 2022 is not available due to availability of data at time of publication.

Excludes BlueBay, except for funds sub advised by BlueBay for RBC GAM.

Includes individuals in Canada and the United States whom self following forms of compensation: salary, bonus and equity (share with the same issuer multiple times.

The reported figures may not fully identify as a member of a visible minority or minority group (including, value at grant date).

It does not include commission or commission capture all ESG engagements as some may not be included in our tracking but not limited to: Asian, Black, Mixed).

Represents employees in our business in Canada that systems.

Engagements purely on non ESG factors are also excluded.

In 2022, we launched a new HR platform mid year which captures hours are governed by the Employment Equity Act.

The proxy voting statistics include voting for all of RBC GAM with the of instructor led and web based training.

Data for 2022 is not third party sub advised strategies.

Voting statistics account for proxy to February 28, 2022 and the new operating system from March 1, 2022 available due to availability of data at time of publication.

Reported costs reflect the total amount invested in internal and executives and BIPOC executives to White executives widened when occur due to proxy voting administration issues in foreign markets.

Voting statistics exclude instances where RBC GAM intentionally costs (e.g., travel and materials).

Overseas includes all countries outside of Canada and the U.S. regulated entities in Canada only.

Bond Guidelines ICMA Sustainability Linked Bond Principles Asia impairment.

Accordingly, our baseline data which we used to set goals was which are more proportionately represented by Women and BIPOC.

RBC Global Asset Management Inc. (RBC GAM Inc.), RBC Global Asset sustainability linked loans.

Markets and P CB authorized loan balances as at October 31, 2022.

Bookrunner for their portion of the principal amount of the offering.

Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Plus all non straight, non to October 31, 2022).

Capital raised through Debt Capital Markets Leveraged Finance cisgender identities.

Capital Markets (including Project Finance), Equity Capital Markets, www.glaad.org reference terms).

For Canada, our goal for 2022 was 2.8% fiscal 2022. and Securitizations for issuers and projects that are eligible as defined to meaningfully move the dial on LGBTQ representation in the workplace.

Material refers to ESG factors that in our judgment are most likely to have by the RBC Sustainable Finance Framework.

The median remuneration (adjusted) of women as a percentage of an impact on the financial performance of an issuer security and may allocated to each Bookrunner for their portion of the principal amount men’s remuneration includes the following forms of compensation: depend on different factors such as the sector and industry of the issuer.

League table credit is allocated in full value to both buy side and sell commission or commission only employees.

Represents employees in factors, including but not limited to money market, passive and certain side advisors for transactions that are eligible as defined by the RBC our business in Canada that are governed by the Employment Equity Act.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

League table credit is allocated to each support its clients’ low carbon transition.

This guarantee was launched net zero by allocating capital and providing related financial services.

Bookrunner for their portion of the principal amount of the offering.

Includes salaries, benefits and other compensation.

Includes occupancy, equipment, communications and professional financing for entities already aligned to a 1.5 degrees Celsius pathway amounts represent investments raised through the RBC Capital fees.

Value of designated green, social and sustainability bond holdings is property taxes, insurance premium taxes, business taxes, capital taxes.

Group (LBG) Canada to assess our data and calculate our corporate updated in subsequently filed quarterly reports to shareholders.

Data are representative of all properties in Canada, the United toward environmental objectives including dedicated purpose (e.g., broader impacts of our financial contribution.

States, the British Isles, the Caribbean, Channel Islands, Belgium, green loan or bond) and general corporate purpose pure play.

Switzerland, Germany, Spain, France, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, refer to the RBC Sustainable Finance Framework for additional details.

Malaysia, representing 99% of our global floor area.

Green Social represents dedicated purpose products that are a mix contributions.

Data for all operations in Canada, the United States (except for City of environmental and social objectives, such as Sustainability Bonds.

Please refer to the RBC Sustainable Finance Framework for additional each participant’s reported community giving to verify whether or not count.

Commercial initiatives refers to global sponsorship and partnership has not been made available from third party providers.

These include sustainability linked loans and bonds.

Please refer to the RBC Sustainable Finance Framework for additional positive community impact.

In 2022, RBC’s Global Sponsorship spend increased as activities return electronics returned to RBC’s technology team.

Source: Bloomberg, as at October 31, 2022 for RBC Capital Markets.

Source: Dealogic data, as at October 31, 2022 for RBC Capital Markets.

RBC sponsored programs were cancelled, postponed or shifted to a guarantee provides financial support to Corporate Client Group clients digital format, leading to another year over year reduction in spending.

The Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) is a global and protection of water and marine resources, pollution prevention coalition of leading financial institutions that is committed to and control, and the circular economy.

EDC will guarantee 50 per cent accelerating the decarbonization of the world economy and reaching of an RBC term loan up to a maximum of US 60 million per obligor, net zero emissions by 2050.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Foundation is an independent, non profit standard setting organization that develops and maintains robust reporting standards that enable businesses around the world to identify, manage and communicate financially material sustainability information to their investors.

SASB standards are evidence based, developed with broad market participation and designed to be cost effective for companies and decision useful for investors.

This index covers the SASB sector standards that we have determined to be most relevant to our business activities: Asset Management and Custody Activities, Commercial Banks, Consumer Finance, Investment Banking and Brokerage, and Mortgage Finance.

As a diversified financial institution, RBC’s operations fall into several SASB sector standards, and we have outlined our alignment with those sector standards below.

Disclosure metrics that appear in more than one sector standard are grouped together and indicated as such.

We do not currently disclose all disclosure topics or accounting metrics included in these sector standards however, we will continue to evaluate them for disclosure in the future.

As the SASB sector standards have been developed from a U.S. perspective, there are some that are not entirely applicable to Canadian based financial institutions such as RBC however, where possible, we have attempted to disclose information based on similar Canadian requirements.

As at October 31, 2022, our operational risk losses remain within our risk appetite.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 47 48) for our approaches to privacy and cyber security.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 Annual Report (pages 60 and 95) for our approach to.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 35 36 and 97 102) 2023 Management Proxy Circular (pages 40 41) for our gender and BIPOC representation within RBC iii.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

Please refer to the following documents and website: 2022 Annual Report (pages 60, 62 and 96) for information on culture and conduct risk within RBC.

On November 21, 2022, we were re designated as a G SIB by the Financial Stability Board.

Please refer to page 105 106 of the 2022 Annual Report.

This designation requires us to maintain a higher loss absorbency requirement (common equity as a percentage of risk weighted assets) of 1%.

We have also been identified as a domestic systemically important bank (D SIB) by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI).

As the D SIB capital requirement is 2.5% of risk weighted assets and higher than the G SIB requirement of 1% of risk weighted assets, the G SIB designation had no further impact on the loss absorbency requirements of our CET1 ratio.

Please refer to pages 64, 76, 81 82, 99 100, and 105 of the 2022 Annual Report for RBC’s approach to and incorporation of stress testing within the Enterprise, Market Risk, Credit Risks, Liquidity Risks, Systemic Risk, and Capital Management frameworks of RBC.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 40 43) RBC Code of Conduct (page 12).

Please refer to pages 49 52 of the 2022 ESG Performance Report for a description of RBC’s approach to incorporation of ESG risk factors in investment management and advisory.

RBC does not disclose amount of assets under management by asset class.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 49 52) 2022 Climate Report (pages 18 19) RBC GAM Our Approach to Responsible Investment document (page 6).

Please refer to the following documents for disclosure related to GAM: RBC GAM Our Approach to Responsible Investment document (pages 8 9).

RBC GAM 2022 Proxy Voting Guidelines RBC GAM Our Approach to Climate Change document.

Please refer to pages 28 29 of the 2022 Annual Report for assets under administration and assets under management.

RBC does not disclose the breakdown between registered and unregistered assets under management.

Please refer to the 2022 Global Systemically Important Banks Disclosures (G SIB).

This framework includes an assessment methodology for determining the importance of international banks to the global financial industry, including assets under custody.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Please refer to the following documents: 2022 Public Accountability Statement (pages 12 13) 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 59 and 61).

Please refer to the following documents for details on RBC’s financial wellbeing and inclusion policies and programs: 2022 Public Accountability Statement (pages 16 21) 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 65 67) RBC does not disclose the number of no cost retail chequing accounts provided to previously unbanked or underbanked customers.

Please refer to the following documents for details on RBC’s financial wellbeing and inclusion policies and programs: 2022 Public Accountability Statement (pages 16 21) 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 65 67) RBC does not disclose the number of participants in financial literacy initiatives for unbanked, underbanked or underserved customers.

Please refer to page 71, Table 43 (Credit risk exposure by portfolio, sector and geography) of the 2022 Annual Report.

Please refer to the following documents and webpages: 2022 Annual Report Environmental Social Risk (page 101) Environmental Social Risk Management webpage About Governance Integrity (pages 7 10) 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 23 24) 2022 Climate Report (pages 30 35) iii.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

RBC reports the average value of Personal Banking and Commercial Banking deposits in our P CB segment (refer to page 36 in the 2022 Annual Report) and our Wealth Management segment (refer to pages 37 42 in the 2022 Annual Report).

Also refer to page 201 (Note 14: Deposits) in the 2022 Annual Report outlining consolidated demand deposits, which include chequing and savings accounts.

RBC does not disclose the number of accounts or the breakdown of chequing and savings accounts.

RBC reports the value of loans by industry in the Wholesale segment and by product within the Retail segment (please refer to page 121 of the 2022 Annual Report, Table 74: Loans and acceptances by portfolio and sector).

Please refer to the RBC Global Privacy Notice for policies and procedures regarding how customer data is used.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

Please refer to page 175 of the 2022 Annual Report for the amount of credit card loans.

RBC does not disclose the number of credit card or prepaid debit card accounts.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Please refer to the following documents for more information on sustainable finance: 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 53 55) 2022 Climate Report (page 19).

Please refer to the following documents and webpages: Our Sustainable Finance Framework 2022 Climate Report (pages 17 22, 30 35) 2022 ESG Performance Report (pages 53 55).

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

All employees and contract workers must successfully complete compliance training, and commit to and acknowledge the Code of Conduct annually (refer to page 20 of the 2022 ESG Performance Report and pages 4 5 of About Governance Integrity).

Please refer to pages 67 68, 99 100 of our 2023 Management Proxy Circular.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

Please refer to pages 73 74 in the 2022 Annual Report for our average LTV table ratios for residential mortgages.

For a description of our significant legal proceedings, please refer to pages 219 220, Note 25 (Legal and regulatory matters) of our 2022 Annual Report.

We do not disclose the total amount of monetary losses.

Please refer to page 2 of our Human Rights Position Statement.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

It is important to understand stakeholder expectations on ESG topics that relate to our business activities.

The table below illustrates some of the ESG topics that RBC responded to through stakeholder engagement in 2022.

It also provides examples of information channels that we use to receive feedback and respond to key stakeholders throughout the year.

Value for employees Return to premises, transition to hybrid working Employee engagement Employee health and well being Manager effectiveness Diversity and inclusion Attracting, developing, and retaining the best talent Trust psychological safety Collaboration Innovation.

Employee surveys Catching Up with Dave videos Internal assisted do it yourself tools Focus groups, roundtable discussions and listening sessions.

ThoughtExchange, a third party software that enables employees to provide input.

Design thinking exploration and co creation sessions.

RBC Connect (intranet), RBCNet Global Conduct Hotline Town halls, leadership forums, ongoing team meetings.

Value for clients Remote banking, digital enablement Privacy Client satisfaction and loyalty Cybersecurity E S Products Sustainable finance, Responsible.

Governance and Integrity Risk management Human rights Executive compensation Responsible governance practices Conduct and trust investment.

Client surveys and outreach (including branch and advisor network).

Client care (management of client complaints) RBC Client Complaints Appeal Office Consumer associations Social media team Sharing ESG best practices and advice Participation in, and attendance at conferences, public and client events, workshops Sharing of thought leadership pieces.

Value for employees Diversity and inclusion Gender equity.

Value for communities Socioeconomic inclusion Indigenous reconciliation.

Value for planet Climate change and financing the transition.

Annual meeting and quarterly earnings calls Shareholder engagements Meetings with investors and analysts Industry conferences Detailed assessment reviews with rating agencies iii.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Value for communities Diversity and inclusion in our supply chain Advancing equality in procurement opportunities Mentoring and coaching for diverse owner.

Governance and integrity Remote banking, digital enablement Privacy Client satisfaction business leaders.

Value for planet Addressing our shared climate related impacts with our suppliers.

RBC Supplier Registration Portal Supplier selection process Diverse supplier events and mentorship program Responsible and sustainable procurement practices and policies.

Value for clients Technology and innovation trends Economic trends and analysis E S Products Sustainable finance, Responsible investment.

Value for employees Workforce labour Future of Work.

Industry association with regulators and policy makers Participation in consultations.

Sharing RBC thought leadership reports memberships and similar multistakeholder groups.

Participation in, and attendance at events, roundtable discussions, meetings and conferences Education sessions Working groups.

Governance and Integrity Risk management Human rights.

Value for communities Indigenous rights Financial wellbeing and inclusion Community and social impact Economic value generated and distributed.

Meetings, conversation with analysts Email communications Requests for information Training content through academic partnerships iii.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

In 2022, additional sources of emissions that relate to fuel purchased for company owned transportation (Scope 1) and travel from employees (Scope 3) were identified.

The data from these sources was obtained for the years from 2018 (baseline year) onwards and reported Scope 1 and 3 GHG emissions are restated in the above table.

The total sum of additional tonnes between 2018 and 2021 is 3,513 tonnes.

We offset these emissions as part of the 2022 reporting cycle and the purchased offsets have been included in the year to which they relate.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Arrive helps newcomers achieve their life, career, and financial goals in Canada.

Through the Arrive content hub, newcomers can access tools, resources, and information.

RBC works with Away from Keyboard, a partnership between Enthusiast Gaming and Toronto Star to deliver content targeted to Gen Z. RBC supports their Level Up show, a weekly series that untangles complex topics such as: budgeting, saving, dating and money, and mental health in relation to finances.

A program that provides eligible Black entrepreneurs in Canada with loans of up to 250,000.

RBC has partnered with the Canadian National Institute for the Blind to implement BlindSquare in approximately 300 of our branches.

BlindSquare is a leading navigational app for blind and partially sighted people that acts as a verbal GPS.

We offer financial literacy seminars for specific community groups on their premises.

We offer free online tools to help Canadians improve their cash flow and reduce debt.

A program exclusively for employees with easy to understand information about the many resources available, providing advice and helping employees take action to secure their financial future and meet their goals.

Our advice campaigns focus on topics such as debt reduction, using credit wisely, tax free saving, and choosing between buying and leasing a car.

We offer this advice through advertisements, emails, and social media posts.

We expanded our approach to leverage the social media platform TikTok where we offer advice focused on saving, budgeting and credit.

RBC launched a course aimed at providing Indigenous Peoples with access to resources and information on managing personal finances.

Created in partnership with the First Nations Child Family Caring Society, the course provides practical advice and guidance on managing money with confidence and planning for the future.

We deliver presentations in branches across Canada on over 40 topics such as fraud, will and estate planning, principles of investing, and key life events.

For example, we hosted over 4,000 Wealth Management Canada clients and prospects at virtual advice events.

In 2022, RBC implemented a new financing program for Indigenous nations to better access capital called the Indigenous Trust Financing program.

The program enables Indigenous nations to preserve capital held in trust while borrowing against their trust assets to finance important community infrastructure and economic development projects.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

This workshop for high school aged participants covers foundational themes about saving money and everyday strategies that can help with savings goals.

RBC employees are trained to deliver the material virtually in a way that is relevant to and engaging for high school aged youth.

Designed as a free of charge turnkey solution for educators, this workshop allows RBC employees to connect with youth and educators in their communities across Canada.

Money In Real Life is a social video content series that engages celebrities involved in activities that interest youth to talk openly and honestly about money.

Money is often considered a taboo subject, and RBC wants to help break the silence by leaning on personalities that young people look up to empowering and encouraging youth to start their own conversations.

In 2022, we featured Soar Gaming creators and singer Tinashe to give youth an intimate look at their relationships with money, career development, and more.

MyAdvisor provides RBC clients with digital access to their personalized plan and connects them to an RBC advisor in their community on live video, by phone, or in person at a branch.

Mydoh is a money management app designed to assist parents as they begin to introduce their children to financial literacy.

Mydoh helps families tackle financial concepts through a hands on and interactive experience with the ultimate goal of building confidence and independence that children can apply to the real world.

RBC has a dedicated team of advisors to help newcomers settle in Canada.

These teams are specially trained to assist newcomers with one on one advice on their banking needs, engaging the community, and with introducing newcomers to community partners to get settled in Canada.

NOMI is a suite of capabilities that help clients manage their finances by tailoring advice and insights.

NOMI Insights provides timely and personalized alerts, reminders, and tailored insights based on spending and savings habits.

NOMI Find Save uses predictive technology to help clients save, even when they think they may not be able to.

NOMI Budgets takes a close look at a client's spending and recommends a personalized monthly budget.

NOMI Forecast provides a quick seven day forecast of a client's future cash flow and removes the stress of tracking when bills need to be paid and how it impacts future cash flow.

Launched in 2022, PayPlan gives select retail credit card holders the option to pay for items over time on the terms that work best for them through a simple, positive payment experience at a lower cost than their regular credit card interest rate.

Our highly trained frontline staff deliver personal and financial advice to clients.

We have more than 1,100 branches across the country that, combined, offer advice and assistance in more than 240 languages.

RBC insurance offers information and online advice to individuals, families, and business owners to help them assess their need for personal insurance, retirement solutions, credit protection, and business insurance.

RBC's Student Edition of the RBC Mobile app is designed especially for RBC student clients and offers a simplified, customized experience to help student clients better understand banking.

In 2022, RBC continued to expand our Survivor Inclusion initiative to provide basic banking services to survivors of human trafficking.

Partnering with survivor support organizations across Canada, RBC's program aims to reconnect human trafficking survivors to the financial system through financial literacy programming, fundamental banking education, and access to free, unlimited chequing and savings accounts.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

In 2022, delivered in collaboration with RBC Supplier Diversity and Wealth Management, we introduced a 20 week Financial Literacy and Planning workshop for women owned businesses.

RBC continues to offer both in person and virtual youth focused financial literacy advice events, with a focus on money management, budgeting, savings, and building good credit habits.

RBC is a regular Leadership Sponsor of Credit Counselling Association literacy programs and outreach literacy engagements.

RBC continues to support alternate solutions to fund not for profit community outreach seminars and individual counselling.

In 2022, RBC launched a new e learning farm management course in partnership with Farm Credit Canada and the University of Guelph and is offered to farmers at no cost.

RBC supports Futurpreneur and their mission to ensure the entrepreneurial journey is more accessible, meaningful, and inclusive for aspiring diverse young entrepreneurs cross Canada.

RBC further supports the Black Entrepreneur Startup Program to address critical barriers that young Black entrepreneurs face with starting, growing, and managing their business.

RBC supports various Junior Achievement programs across the country that focus on providing students with financial literacy, work readiness and entrepreneurship skills, helping prepare students to become leaders of tomorrow.

RBC supports Project One Circle, an initiative for Lambton College students to empower First Nations youth through financial literacy, entrepreneurship, and business development workshops.

RBC supports LEAP’s The Equity Opportunity, a project focused on scaling innovative, high impact solutions that address the long standing barriers preventing women from achieving full economic participation.

McGill Personal Finance Essentials is a free, online personal finance course offered in English and French four times per year.

Taught by professors from McGill University's Desautels Faculty of Management, this course is open to everyone.

RBC supports Momentum's Digital Dreamers program to help Indigenous young adults achieve their dreams through meaningful careers in digital marketing and communications.

This includes the the integration of Money Moccasins Momentum's educational series, developed and delivered by Indigenous people for Indigenous people, that provide a path for financial wellbeing through stories and knowledge sharing.

RBC supports Newcomer Centre of Peel's bi weekly financial literacy program titled 'Financial Literacy for Youth Afghan' targeted for 100 Afghan youth refugees who have settled in the Region of Peel.

RBC supports the SmartSaver web portal created by the Omega Foundation.

This portal helps low income families take advantage of the Registered Education Savings Plans (RESP) and the Canada Learning Bond (CLB) by providing RESP information to families.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

RBC supports the Money Stories program that delivers financial literacy training and capacity building to Indigenous youth living on low levels of income.

The Money Stories program is available in 3 Indigenous First Languages: Cree, Ojibwe, and Oji Cree.

In collaboration with the Globe and Mail and Western University's Morrissette Institute for Entrepreneurship, RBC launched The Founder's Journey a free online course that guides participants through a step by step approach to nurturing and growing a new venture, offering a formal education opportunity for Canadians to develop and hone their entrepreneurship and business skills.

RBC supports a program to deliver wellbeing and mindfulness training, combined with financial therapy and business to support artists.

RBC supports various United Way organizations across the country with the goal of improving financial wellbeing and addressing poverty.

For example, through United Way Winnipeg, RBC is supporting 3 local community based agencies that focus specifically on financial empowerment, including tax filing and money management.

RBC employees deliver financial literacy seminars developed by the Canadian Bankers Association in partnership with the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada in classrooms across Canada, helping high school students understand topics such as how to handle credit or start a business.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

From our youth oriented products and services to our 500 million commitment to youth and the future of work through RBC Future Launch.

Initiatives that focus on helping youth with financial wellbeing such as Mydoh, RBC Mobile Student edition, and youth advice events can be found in Appendix IV: List of Financial Wellbeing Initiatives.

Additional key examples of ways we support youth at RBC are listed below.

RBC hires a large number of youth every year through internships, co ops and targeted talent programs (e.g.

A program dedicated to providing emerging Canadian artists with a platform for exposure, funding, education and mentorship opportunities.

First Up was created to help emerging recording artists continue to hone their craft, perform for new and diverse fans, and ultimately, progress their careers.

Offer publicly available education through partnerships on topics such as financial literacy (e.g.

McGill Personal Finance Essentials), entrepreneurship (e.g.

RBC Future Launch offers access to LinkedIn Learning to youth ages 15 29 who may be participating in any of Future Launch’s partner programs.

Magnet, a digital social innovation platform at Ryerson University, partners with RBC Future Launch to support youth job seekers and small businesses across Canada.

Through the RBC Youth Employment Portal, it enables youth job seekers to get matched to jobs, work placements, and internships with Canadian small and medium sized businesses and to get access to resources and programs to help plan and further their careers.

Students across Canada have greater access to advice, tools and resources through our RBC On Campus Advisor network, engaging students by delivering financial literacy, personal branding and skill building content in a fun and interactive way.

Across 25 Canadian campuses, domestic and international students have access to free in person and digital advice sessions to help them feel comfortable talking about money and better prepare for their school year and financial future.

A bank account that is free for full time students aged 13 offering a leading suite of features and benefits.

RBC Capital Markets hosted its annual RBC Charity Day for the Kids on June 22, 2022 uniting employees to celebrate RBC's culture of philanthropy through interactive virtual and in person events in 20 cities around the globe.

Offer over 500 scholarships a year through RBC Future Launch, including scholarships for Black youth and Indigenous youth.

A bank account designed to help get kids 0 12 years old started on their financial journey.

Since starting as a single Race in New York in 2009, RBC Race for the Kids has grown into a series of 30 events that take place around the world and has raised more than 83 million for youth charities.

RBC Training Ground finds and funds future Olympians.

This national talent identification program gives young athletes (ages 14 25) the chance to test their speed, power, strength and endurance and then funds those deemed to have Olympic potential.

A free online tool to help you discover and unlock your career potential.

Riipen is a technology platform that facilitates microexperiential learning opportunities by connecting students with industry partners (i.e.

Ten Thousand Coffees is an exclusive networking and mentoring platform that introduces youth to potential mentors based on specific career interests and goals.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Women Directors of RBC Global Asset Management Inc.

Women Directors of RBC Investor Services Bank S.A.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report iii.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes for Appendix VII: Diversity Inclusion Statement of Performance can be found on pages 104 106.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.

For RBC US, includes individuals in global grades 00 04 classified as regulatory complexity, reputational risk and size.

Metrics and goals where applicable, for women, BIPOC, persons with classified under the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission at least 35% to 45% of directors.

EEO 1 Job Title Executive Senior Level Officials and Managers.

See page 40 of our 2023 Management Proxy Circular.

This information diverse segments are governed by the Employment Equity Act with the changed to align to Enterprise definitions for Executives and Executive represents our board composition as of February 7, 2023. exception of LGBTQ .

Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Thai, Vietnamese, Filipino, etc.

Includes individuals classified under the Equal Employment collection methodologies across our subsidiaries.

Opportunities Commission EEO 1 Job Title Professionals.

Opportunities Commission EEO 1 Job Title Administrative Support employees.

Workers, Operatives, Sales Workers, Service Workers and Technicians.

Includes RBC operations in the United Kingdom and Channel Islands.

Does not include Blue Bay Asset Management or Brewin Dolphin.

In 2022, we introduced non binary gender identity options as well as segments that are covered under the Employment Equity Act (Canada) chose unknown minority group.

With the deployment of a new HR platform in 2022, we streamlined available.

Asian includes those individuals who have self declared as Asian or to the number of individuals employed globally full time and part the diversity fields, options, definitions and geographic scopes.

Asian British Indian, Asian or Asian British Chinese, or Asian or time, which differs from the full time equivalent (FTE) statistic.

Black British African, Black or Black British Caribbean, or Black or retirements and intermittent hourly, temporary hourly employees.

Mixed includes those individuals who have self declared as Mixed other than White.

In Canada, this includes those that self identify includes all individuals assigned to managerial roles.

White Asian, Mixed White Black African, Mixed White Black as Indigenous.

This is a calculated global field based on locally configured and increased from 15% to 21% and the percentage of women in Group employees in the region, as compared to 2021 for which the metric regionally reflective self declarations.

Represents data based on was calculated as the percentage of employees that responded to regional definitions for more information, where appropriate.

Includes RBC US operations and City National Bank (CNB).

Other includes individuals whom have self declared as Native were not restated.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

The 2021 metric has been restated to conform to the Employment Equity Act.

Vice President, Senior Vice President or Executive Vice President.

Values for women in the Employee Engagement Survey.

Management Framework, are members of the European Capital and men represent data from our global operations.

Markets Executive Committee, Wealth Management International represent data from our businesses in Canada and the United States.

Committee in the British Isles and or are in global in Executive Vice approximately 1% non binary declarations.

President, Senior Vice President, and Vice President roles.

In 2022, we ran a self identification campaign that increased the comparable.

Includes RBC operations in Europe, primarily under RBC Europe number of individuals that self identified as BIPOC.

To perform our analysis, we needed to exclude limited to gender.

Includes RBC operations in the Caribbean and Asian Pacific (APAC).

Excludes summer interns, students, co ops, leaves of absence, individuals on unique multi variant incentive plans gender.

All gender based metrics are for our global operations except where represent data from our global operations.

Results for 2022 are not available due to the timing of our exclude summer interns, students and co ops, hourly, inactive leave of and the U.S., based on self identification.

The percentage of employees who remained with RBC in 2022. bonuses and deferred bonuses post calendar year end.

We intend to and Brewin Dolphin, and are based on employee self identification.

Represents salaried employees who are at work including those on report the 2022 results in our 2023 ESG Report.

The median remuneration (adjusted) of women as a percentage of organizational data classification system in 2022, the basis for the interns.

Values for women and men represent data from our global men’s remuneration includes the following forms of compensation: classification of employees in technology has changed.

Values for BIPOC represent data from our businesses in salary, bonus and equity (share value at grant date).

The changes have been that departed during 2022, out of the total departures that occurred.

RBC Capital Markets and RBC Investor Treasury Services entities restated, and 2022 is therefore not comparable to prior periods.

Values for BIPOC due to the use of incomparable position groups.

As a result of the implementation of a new HR platform and represent data from our businesses in Canada and the United States.

The median remuneration (adjusted) of BIPOC employees as a the classification of employees in revenue producing roles has inclusive leadership trainings and the stand alone program was percentage of remuneration for White employees includes the changed.

In the comparative periods, revenue producing roles were paused to support refinement.

Reflects completion rate between May 2021 (training launch date) and at grant date).

RBC launched a new Employee Engagement Survey in 2021 and scores governed by the Employment Equity Act.

Excludes approximately 1,600 indicator with its criteria for measurement.

The changes have been from prior years are not directly comparable.

Investor Treasury Services entities due to the use of incomparable restated, and 2022 is therefore not comparable to prior periods.

Represents data from our businesses in Canada governed by three core pillars of inclusion, including: Psychological Safety, Respect data at time of publication.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

In 2021, the adjusted pay gap between Women executives to Men executives and BIPOC executives to White executives widened when compared to 2020.

When analyzing the population of executives, we noted that certain roles that command higher market rates and different variable compensation structures are currently disproportionately represented by more Men executives than Women executives and by more White executives than BIPOC executives this includes critical digital technology related roles and client facing revenue producing roles that have different payout structures and higher variable compensation incentive plans.

In 2021, given RBC performance, a higher payout ratio was applied impacting variable compensation, exasperating a larger delta between these individuals in client facing revenue producing roles and those in functional roles, which are more proportionately represented by Women and BIPOC.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

BIPOC: BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and Persons of Colour).

This term recognizes the unique histories of racism Black and Indigenous people have lived through.

The term BIPOC is not intended to be a catch all as RBC recognizes that not all racialized people experience racism in the same way.

BIPOC is a calculated value based on employee self identification from localized Race Ethnicity options.

Impact Measurement Framework (IMF): RBC’s Impact Measurement Framework (IMF) guides our community investments and allows us to manage our impact on society by measuring our progress towards our objectives.

Economic Value generated and distributed: Generating and distributing economic value is about how we fulfil our obligations to the economy and promote the well being of society at large.

It is a simple equation: we generate revenue from the products and services we sell we then distribute a portion of that revenue or economic value to those we rely on for our success.

Environmental and social (E S) risk: The potential for an E S issue associated with us, a client, a transaction, a product, a supplier or an activity to have a negative impact on our financial position, operations, legal and regulatory compliance, or reputation.

E S issues include, but are not limited to, site contamination, waste management, land and resource use, biodiversity, water quality and availability, climate change, environmental regulation, human rights (including, but not limited to, Indigenous Peoples’ rights) and community engagement.

LGBTQ : LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Plus all non straight, non cisgender identities).

We leverage our voice to speak up on issues that matter most to our communities We form strategic partnerships and invest in community partners to have greater influence and impact.

We lean on our employees for their expertise and generous spirit and engage them through skills based volunteering, fundraising and learning.

ESG Focus Areas: It is important that we identify, understand and respond to ESG topics that matter most to our stakeholders and RBC.

RBC’s ESG focus areas are a combination of topics that are foundational and critical to what we monitor and manage.

Persons with Disabilities (PwD): The term persons with disabilities includes those who have long term physical, mental, intellectual or sensory impairments which in interaction with various barriers may hinder their full and effective participation in society on an equal basis with others .

Please reference the Our ESG Focus Areas section of this report on more details.

ESG strategic priorities: RBC’s ESG strategic priorities outlines how RBC is tackling some of society’s greatest challenges.

They were decided based on our ability to make an impact through what we do, what we offer, and what we influence.

Climate Change: Accelerate the pace of climate action and support our clients in the transition to net zero.

Diversity Inclusion: Drive change to create a more inclusive workplace and society.

Youth Success: Prepare youth for the future of work.

Financial Wellbeing: Help people achieve financial wellbeing.

Financial Wellbeing: Financial wellbeing refers to the extent to which individuals can cover their current and ongoing financial commitments, build enough savings to feel comfortable in the future, and make the money choices that allow them to live a fulfilling life.

RBC Emerging Artists: RBC’s long standing priority to support organizations that provide the best opportunity to advance an artist’s career trajectory in genres such as visual arts, music, theatre, dance, literature, and film.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

RBC Future Launch: RBC’s 500 million commitment to empower Canadian youth for the jobs of tomorrow through work experience, skill development opportunities, networking solutions, and mental well being supports and services.

Responsible Investment (RI): An umbrella term used to describe a broad range of approaches for incorporating ESG considerations into the investment process.

RBC Leadership model: Our leadership model defines the capabilities and behaviours we expect from all employees: Drive to Impact Adapt Quickly and Always Learn Unlock the Potential of Our People and Speak Up for the Good of RBC.

It focuses on what differentiates RBC, is a critical component of our employee value proposition, and enables us to deliver on our Purpose for clients and communities.

RBC Purpose: Helping clients thrive and communities prosper.

Salience assessment: Risk assessment to identify human rights risks across the bank's businesses and functions.

Stakeholders: Our stakeholders include current and prospective clients, investors, employees, suppliers, governments, regulators, non governmental organizations (NGOs) and community organizations.

Sustainable finance: Sustainable finance refers to financial activities that take into account environmental, social and governance factors.

RBC Tech for Nature: RBC’s 100 million commitment to support partners that are leveraging technology and innovation to solve pressing environmental challenges.

Please refer to RBC’s Sustainable Finance Framework for more information.

RBC Values: A strong values driven culture has always been part of the fabric of RBC.

United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: Set of guidelines to prevent and address human rights abuses committed in business operations.

Client First: We will always earn the right to be our clients’ first choice Collaboration: We win as One RBC Accountability: We take ownership for personal and collective high performance Diversity Inclusion: We embrace diversity for innovation and growth Integrity: We hold ourselves to the highest standards to build trust.

RBC Vision: To be among the world’s most trusted and successful financial institutions.

With client expectations shifting in today’s digital world, we’ve been on a journey to transform our bank.

Leveraging new technologies and creating an exceptional digital client experience is only part of our strategy.

We fundamentally believe that in order to stay connected with our customers and maintain relevance, we need to reimagine the role we play in our clients’ lives.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs): The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) address the world’s most pressing social and environmental issues by establishing 17 internationally agreed on goals (also known as the Global Goals ) and providing a mechanism for aligning governments, businesses and societies in meeting the 2030 target date for achieving the goals.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

We have undertaken a limited assurance engagement on the following select performance indicators detailed below (the select performance metrics) as presented within RBC’s 2022 ESG Performance Report for the year ended October 31, 2022.

Management’s responsibility Management is responsible for the preparation of the select performance metrics in accordance with the definition of each performance indicator established in the Endnotes section of the 2022 ESG Performance Report on pages 74 77 (the applicable criteria).

Management is also responsible for such internal control as management determines necessary to enable the preparation of the select performance metrics that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

PwC refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership.

Our responsibility Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the select performance metrics based on the evidence we have obtained.

We conducted our limited assurance engagement in accordance with the Canadian Standard on Assurance Engagements (CSAE) 3000, Attestation Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, CSAE 3410, Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements, and ISAE 3410, Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements.

These standards require that we plan and perform this engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the select performance metrics are free from material misstatement.

A limited assurance engagement involves performing procedures (primarily consisting of making inquiries of management and others within the entity, as appropriate, and applying analytical procedures) and evaluating the evidence obtained.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the decisions of users of our report.

The procedures are selected based on our professional judgment, which include identifying areas where the risks of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, in preparing the select performance metrics in accordance with the applicable criteria are likely to arise.

Agreeing and testing the underlying data related to the select performance metrics on a sample basis.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement and, consequently, the level of assurance obtained is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Our independence and quality control We have complied with the relevant rules of professional conduct code of ethics applicable to the practice of public accounting and related to assurance engagements, issued by various professional accounting bodies, which are founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

The firm applies Canadian Standard on Quality Control 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Financial Statements, and Other Assurance Engagements, and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Endnotes Appendix I: SASB Index Appendix II: Engaging with stakeholders.

Appendix III: Impact areas and alignment with SDGs Appendix IV: Additional environmental metrics Appendix V: List of financial wellbeing initiatives Appendix VI: List of youth success initiatives Appendix VII: Diversity.

Appendix VIII: Glossary Independent Limited Assurance Report.

Significant inherent limitations Emissions and energy use data are subject to inherent limitations given the nature and the methods used for determining such data.

The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements.

The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.

Conclusion Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that RBC’s select performance metrics for the year ended October 31, 2022, are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable criteria.

Purpose and restriction of use The select performance metrics have been prepared in accordance with the applicable criteria prepared by RBC’s management to report to the Board of Directors.

As a result, the select performance metrics may not be suitable for another purpose.

We acknowledge the disclosure of our report, in full only, by RBC at its discretion, without assuming or accepting any responsibility or liability to any third party in respect of this report.

This Report is published for all stakeholders of RBC and its subsidiaries.

We welcome your questions and feedback on our approach, or suggestions for improvement, at corporatecitizenship rbc.com.

RBC and Royal Trust are registered trademarks of Royal Bank of Canada.

All other trademarks are the property of their respective owner(s).