As AbbVie’s founding CEO, I am proud of the remarkable impact we have made on people’s lives since our first day as an independent company 10 years ago.

In just one decade, we have grown from 21,000 employees to a global team of 50,000, our revenues have grown from 18 billion to 58 billion, and our medicines have helped millions of patients.

We have donated almost 650 million to nonprofits around the world and built a culture that has come to define who we are as a company.

One of our strengths is that our incredible growth and accomplishments reflect our mission and values.

That’s why I am proud to introduce our 2022 Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) Action Report, which highlights our commitment and dedication to creating a sustainable impact on patients, communities and our employees all over the world.

In 2022, we continued to advance our ESG framework and took meaningful actions to deliver sustainable solutions for our business and our society.

Our strong ESG governance continuously evaluates actions and initiatives we can take to advance our company’s sustainability and impact.

Examples of this commitment are the steps we are taking to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and increase our renewable electricity in line with our 2030 Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) commitment.

Our responsibility to patients today and tomorrow is reflected in our dedication to discovering new medicines and products, and in 2022, we invested 7.1 billion in adjusted R D. Our commitment to patients includes ensuring that patients who need our medicines can access them.

In the United States, we provide co pay assistance, regardless of income, to all patients with commercial insurance.

Globally, we seek to have our clinical trials reflect the populations we serve as we aim to help patients live healthier, longer lives.

AbbVie's impact will always be driven by our employees.

Our people are the stewards of our culture, and their diverse backgrounds and perspectives lead to new ideas and advance our commitment to making the world a better place.

Thousands of our employees participated in our 2022 global week of volunteering, and we raised almost 22 million for nonprofits through our annual employee giving campaign.

We also donated 1 million to nonprofit partners for medical care and supplies for Ukraine and Ukrainian refugees.

Year after year, we step up for communities and people in need.

I am proud of the meaningful and measurable impact we have made all over the world since our inception as a company.

We always aspire to be responsible environmental stewards, grow sustainably through inspiring innovation, and encourage every AbbVie employee to embed ESG principles into their day to day work.

As we look to our next decade and beyond, our future is bright as we continue to advance breakthroughs and initiatives that help patients, communities and society for generations to come.

AbbVie cautions that these forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward looking statements.

Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, challenges to intellectual property, competition from other products, difficulties inherent in the research and development process, adverse litigation or government action, and changes to laws and regulations applicable to our industry.

Additional information about the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is set forth in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of AbbVie's 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as updated by its subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q. AbbVie undertakes no obligation, and specifically declines, to release publicly any revisions to forward looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.

The information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice.

AbbVie does not undertake to update or revise any such statements.

Company goals are aspirational and not guarantees or promises that all goals will be met.

Certain statistics and metrics relating to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters are estimates and may be based on assumptions or developing standards.

This report may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed by AbbVie and no representation, warranty, or undertaking is made by AbbVie as to the accuracy, reasonableness, or completeness of such information.

Inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material to AbbVie’s business or operating results.

This report is not intended to create legal rights or obligations.

Some statements in this report are, or may be considered, forward looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

The words believe, expect, anticipate, project and similar expressions, and uses of future or conditional verbs, generally identify forward looking statements.

AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues and enhance people’s lives today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow.

AbbVie is a global, research driven biopharmaceutical company that is taking on some of the toughest health challenges to deliver life changing solutions.

Since our inception in 2013, we have had an unrelenting focus on innovation, upholding the highest standards of product quality and creating solutions to tackle unmet needs in medicines and therapies for a healthier world.

Patients, customers, their caregivers, our employees and our communities are at the heart of everything we do.

Each day, we work to deliver sustainable solutions that improve the health of our business and the health of humankind.

Our state of the art research, development and manufacturing centers across the world allow us to move the best ideas forward faster and deliver transformative change.

Our commitment to health does not stop with our medicines.

Every day we focus on making a remarkable impact that lasts.

We recognize that we have responsibility beyond treating diseases, and we are constantly working to have a positive impact on society and the environment.

We achieve this through our compassion for people, commitment to innovation, service to the community, environmental stewardship and uncompromising integrity.

We are committed to advancing diversity and inclusion.

Globally, our employees represent diverse backgrounds and perspectives, and our company values treating everyone equally, with dignity and respect, which we believe allows us to achieve our best.

We also pride ourselves on a long tradition of strong corporate governance and financial controls, led by our board of directors.

They play an active and vital role in overseeing our strategic direction and performance.

More details on our approach to corporate governance can be found in the Corporate Governance section of this report and our 2023 Proxy Statement.

We make decisions based on our deep caring and compassion for people, delivering a lasting impact to our patients, their families, our employees and the community.

With uncompromising integrity at the heart of everything we do, we pursue the highest standards in quality, compliance, safety and performance.

We innovate relentlessly in everything we do to tackle unmet needs.

We invest in the discovery and development of new medicines and healthcare approaches for a healthier world.

We treat everyone equally, with dignity and respect.

Around the world, our employees embrace diverse backgrounds and perspectives, which allows us all to achieve our best.

We are proud to serve and support the community and do our part to protect the environment.

We make a remarkable impact that's felt within healthcare and beyond.

AbbVie has demonstrated strong financial execution with a double digit compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for both adjusted net revenues and adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) as an independent company.

The measures set forth in this table were calculated as of 12 31 2022.

Net revenues and diluted earnings per share are adjusted to exclude certain specified items and are non GAAP measures, which are reconciled in the Appendix.

Adjusted R D investment reflects adjusted non GAAP R D expense, acquired IPR D and milestones expense, and Calico collaboration expense and is a non GAAP measure, which is reconciled in the Appendix.

In development individually or under collaboration or license agreements.

In 2022, we took meaningful actions to deliver sustainable solutions that improve the health of our business and society and continued to advance our ESG framework and governance.

In 2022, we were honored to have received some of the most prestigious ratings and rankings in our industry.

To date, we have received more than 40 Great Place to Work and Top Employer rankings globally.

Per our SBTi commitment, from our 2021 baseline year From our 2015 baseline year Adjusted research development investment is a non GAAP measure, which is reconciled in the Appendix.

As a research driven global biopharmaceutical company, we apply the same high standards and rigor to the medicines and solutions we pursue, to how we operate our business.

We recognize that our company and our industry have a unique role in making a real difference in people’s lives, but it's not just the breakthroughs we achieve that matter, it is also the paths we take to achieve them.

We are advancing ESG initiatives that contribute to the sustainable growth of our company so that we can create positive impact for generations to come.

Our leaders are stewards of our ESG mission and enable our people to bring these commitments to life.

Together, we ensure our research, innovations and collaborations put impact for people, communities and our world first.

We evaluate our efforts relative to external frameworks, global initiatives, ratings and indices.

These include the S P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the United Nations Sustainability Development Goals (UN SDGs) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).

A SASB Index is included in the appendix at the end of this report.

AbbVie’s board of directors has oversight responsibility for the company and administers this responsibility both directly and with assistance from its committees.

Our directors have backgrounds that, when combined, provide a portfolio of experience and knowledge that serve AbbVie’s governance and strategic needs.

Director nominees are considered based on a range of criteria including broad based business knowledge and relationships, prominence and excellent reputations in their primary fields of endeavor, as well as a global business perspective and commitment to good corporate citizenship.

They demonstrate experience and ability that is relevant to the board’s oversight role with respect to AbbVie’s business and affairs.

ESG touches the entire company and as such, each of the board’s committees, as well as the full board itself, oversees specific aspects of AbbVie’s ESG framework and strategy.

The board of directors, through its committees, prioritizes and reviews ESG material drivers and enterprise risks and discusses them with our senior management on a regular basis.

Board committees that oversee ESG topics include the Public Policy Sustainability, Nomination Governance, Audit, and Compensation committees.

Examples of this oversight involving ESG topics include: (1) review of the product innovation pipeline, (2) oversight of employee health and safety data and priorities, (3) reviewing the company’s commitments to pay equity, environmental sustainability efforts, ethics and compliance, risk management and other priorities, (4) reviewing results of the biennial all employee survey and (5) oversight of the company’s Equity, Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (EEDI) strategy.

In 2022, our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) continued to have a formal goal aligned to driving AbbVie’s ESG framework.

The ESG goal was weighted 10% within the short term incentive program for each NEO.

As part of this ESG goal category, all senior leaders, including the NEOs, continued to have a goal aligned to executing the EEDI strategy.

AbbVie’s senior executives have different areas of focus regarding driving the company’s ESG framework, and together, the executives’ ESG accomplishments cover all of AbbVie’s ESG material drivers.

In 2022, we continued to enhance our ESG goals and initiatives through active engagement and oversight by our ESG Council.

The ESG Council ensures strategic, enterprise aligned delivery on AbbVie’s ESG framework.

Chaired by our Senior Vice President, Corporate Responsibility, Brand and Communications and composed of senior cross functional leaders, the ESG Council’s purpose is to champion business sustainability and mitigate business risks by monitoring, reviewing and recommending actions in support of our ESG framework and strategy.

ESG Council meets regularly and maintains sub committees aligned to AbbVie’s material topics.

Our ESG Team, which reports to the Vice President of Corporate Responsibility Global Philanthropy, focuses on advancing AbbVie’s ESG strategy and supporting the ESG Council.

With this governance in place, we are well positioned to recognize ESG opportunities and achieve our ESG objectives.

We strive to create business and societal value by building long term relationships with each of our partners and encouraging regular dialogue with our key stakeholders including patients, patient organizations, employees, investors, regulators and government, payers and providers, suppliers and community partners.

From these interactions, we develop our understanding of meaningful issues and identify additional areas where we can improve and make an impact which we achieve through our ESG framework.

We discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues and enhance people’s lives by pushing the boundaries of innovation, putting people and patients first, creating high quality therapeutic solutions and ensuring their safety, efficacy and accessibility.

We unlock the full potential of diverse and talented teams and partners to deliver today and into the future.

We do this by attracting and retaining the best talent, embracing diversity of thought and through collaboration.

We know that when we unlock the full potential of our people and our partners, we accelerate innovation, enhance people’s lives and meet our business objectives.

We innovate with integrity and intention to advance long term patient health and business resiliency.

We ensure that we are prepared for the future by operating a sustainable, agile business model and governance structure that anticipates and evolves in a dynamic industry and society.

We are unwavering in assuring supply of innovative medicines to patients and life enhancing products to customers.

Most recently conducted in 2020, our periodic materiality assessment process helps us determine where to focus ESG efforts.

From this process, we have identified six ESG oriented material drivers that reflect high importance to our stakeholders and generate high impact for AbbVie.

They reflect the evolving needs, interests and expectations of AbbVie’s leaders and employees as well as various external stakeholders, including investors.

These material drivers include Product Innovation, Product Quality Safety, Human Capital Management, Patient Health Engagement, Patient Access Affordability and Business Ethics.

In addition to these six material drivers, we also prioritize Environmental Sustainability within and beyond AbbVie to support patients and the planet.

We are focused on reducing our environmental footprint, growing sustainability through inspiring innovation and engaging our workforce to steward the same.

Supply Chain Sustainability and Transparency, Accountability, and Reporting are also focus areas that require our diligence and attention.

Product innovation We strive to make a remarkable impact on patients and drive sustainable growth by consistently discovering and delivering innovative medicines that address serious health issues and enhance people’s lives.

Product quality and safety We are committed to delivering safe and effective, quality products and medicines through robust quality systems.

Human capital management We believe purposeful work drives meaningful change.

We nurture diverse talent to solve the most complex health challenges and create remarkable impact in people’s lives.

Patient health and engagement We continuously strive to improve health outcomes for patients around the world.

Patient access and patient affordability We believe everyone who needs our medicines should be able to get them.

Business ethics We act with integrity in everything we do.

Our planet’s changing climate will have varying levels of impact on our business across the short , medium and long term.

We are committed to working to better understand and anticipate these impacts to ensure we sustain the discovery and development of innovative medicines for both current and future patients.

This effort involves evaluating our operations and supply chains for potential disruptions in connection with climate change and implementing contingency and preparedness plans to ensure we maintain a sound and resilient business.

We believe that a business built on sustainable practices will be a resilient, long lasting business.

As such, our strategy is focused on reducing our environmental footprint, growing sustainably through inspiring innovation, and engaging our workforce to steward the same.

We set ambitious, long term targets that put this strategy into practice.

In line with our environmental goals, AbbVie actively seeks to reduce the energy and water we consume and the waste we generate around the world.

We monitor our operations to ensure that the manufacturing, use and disposal of our medicines do not adversely affect the environment or human health.

We operate robust environmental and energy management systems that support operational integrity and improvements in line with our environmental strategy.

To monitor our progress, AbbVie’s board of directors and its Public Policy Sustainability Committee provide oversight on matters related to climate related risks and strategies, with periodic updates from executive management on environmental strategy, action plans, objectives and progress against established sustainability goals.

The board of directors, led by the Audit Committee, also oversees the enterprise risk management review.

AbbVie’s Executive Vice President (EVP) of Operations is an AbbVie c suite corporate officer, who reports directly to the CEO, and is responsible for AbbVie’s Operations organization, including environmental sustainability efforts.

This remit includes the Global Environmental, Health Safety organization, which leads the identification and monitoring of climate related risks, including potential opportunities for climate change related operational savings, such as efficiency improvements, capital investments, and renewable energy.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42.0% by 2030 from a 2021 base year.

These targets were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in March 2023.

In 2021, AbbVie performed a recalculation exercise of the metrics for our environmental sustainability targets and our 2015 baseline.

The numbers listed above with 2015 baseline years include both AbbVie and Allergan data versus our targets.

Includes waste disposed of in the following manner: beneficial use, recycled, composted, treated, incinerated with energy recovery and incinerated without energy recovery.

The reduction in Scope 1 Stationary GHG Emissions is partially attributed to discontinuation of a legacy product in our North Chicago facility and to energy efficiency initiatives across multiple other facilities, which decreased fuel oil burned on site.

Increase in Scope 1 Mobile Combustion GHG Emissions is a result of increased fleet driving post COVID and inclusion of legacy Allergan drivers.

The reduction in Scope 1 Office Activities GHG Emissions comes from a decrease in global square footage of office space.

Scope 2 Purchased Electricity GHG Emissions reductions result from the discontinuation of a legacy product in our North Chicago facility, as well as additional renewable electricity purchased across facilities.

The reduction in Scope 2 Purchased Chilled Water GHG Emissions is in large part due to 2022 summer having milder temperatures across much of our operations.

Notably, our Scope 1 2 (Market Based) GHG Intensity improved, meaning a decrease in GHG emissions relative to revenue.

In 2021, AbbVie made the commitment to set near term Science Based Targets.

Working with the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) enables access to expert resources that support the meaningful reduction of our climate impact and that provide an external assessment.

In August 2022, AbbVie submitted our targets to SBTi.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42.0% by 2030 from a 2021 base year.

Increase active sourcing of renewable electricity from 29.5% in our 2021 baseline year to 100.0% by 2030.

Goods Services, Capital Goods, and Upstream Transportation Distribution) will have science based targets by 2027.

These targets replace our previous 2025 2035 GHG and Renewable Electricity Targets.

We continuously evaluate the impact of climate change on our business, particularly in terms of potential supply disruption.

To ensure continued access to life saving medicines and to mitigate supply risks, we conduct climate risk assessments and implement adaptation projects.

In 2020, we partnered with S P Global Trucost to perform a climate risk assessment for physical risks.

The analysis focused on extreme weather impacts today and other climate impacts out to 2050.

The risk assessment encompassed 100 global sites and locations including all manufacturing, R D, and warehouse locations, along with select global offices.

It also included the top 35 locations of our upstream critical suppliers, the top 20 locations for our third party logistic warehouses and nine of our global third party data centers.

Details from this assessment were included in our 2022 CDP Climate submission.

Based on the findings of the S P Trucost climate risk assessment, we have rolled out updates to physical features of sites around the world.

We installed electrical generators and or dual fuel boilers at our Ludwigshafen, Sligo, Westport, Clonshaugh and Pringy manufacturing sites to address and improve the overall resiliency of the site utilities.

In early 2022, we publicly disclosed environmental information aligned with the TCFD framework in our first TCFD report.

In 2023, we updated our TCFD Report to better elaborate on the governance and strategy efforts that have been implemented to manage our climate risk, as well as to highlight our approved science based targets to the Science Based Targets initiative.

Our efforts to reduce carbon emissions and energy consumption are driven by a philosophy of investing in new technology, infrastructure and processes to increase energy efficiency and use cleaner energy sources.

We continue to expand our use of electric and hybrid vehicles in our fleet and have invested in electric vehicle charging stations at our facilities.

At the end of 2022, we had over 3,000 electric and hybrid vehicles across the globe.

In 2022, we created a Decarbonization Fund with the goal of providing capital funding to internal projects that would help us achieve our long term energy efficiency and decarbonization goals.

In the first year, 4 million of capital funding was allocated to projects, such as the installation of new energy efficient LED lighting in our Lake County, Illinois facility.

We replaced an aging chiller at our Irvine, California site with a more energy efficient unit.

We also replaced an aging heating unit at a warehouse in La Madeleine de Nonancourt, France.

This project not only increased the energy efficiency of the heater, but it also allowed the site to discontinue burning heating oil and switch to cleaner burning natural gas.

Sum of Absolute Total Non Renewable Energy Consumption and Absolute Total Renewable Energy Consumption Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Sum of Purchased and Self Generated Renewable Electricity 4Updates were made to the 2021 energy values that were previously reported due to an audit of legacy Allergan data which resulted in changes to the values reported in our 2021 ESG Action Report.

In 2022, AbbVie experienced a reduction in Natural Gas and Purchased Electricity and Utilities, which is largely attributed to a discontinuation of a legacy product’s production in our North Chicago facility and associated boiler use reduction.

The reduction in 2 Fuel Oil is a result of correcting a maintenance issue in our Ludwigshafen facility.

Jet Kerosene consumption increases were due to normalized corporate aviation travel post COVID, and Motor Fuel Gasoline Diesel consumption was driven by normalized fleet mileage post COVID and inclusion of legacy Allergan drivers.

AbbVie was named U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year: Energy Management Sustained Excellence.

AbbVie continues to look for ways to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels and switch to renewable forms of energy.

We increased the amount of renewable electricity that we purchase to over 40% globally in 2022 and are on track to achieve 100% by 2030.

In 2022, we installed a photovoltaic solar system at our Liege, Belgium site.

The system is sized to provide up to one third of the site's annual electricity needs and will reduce GHG emissions by approximately 120 Metric Tons.

In addition, we installed six solar hot water heaters at our Heredia, Costa Rica site which provide domestic hot water, including for the cafeteria.

In the first months of operation, this resulted in a 50 80% reduction in fuel for heating domestic hot water.

Three newly certified facility sites in Wyandotte, MI, Branchburg, NJ, and Waco, TX were verified to be among the most energy efficient plants within the industry and were awarded US EPA ENERGY STAR Certification in 2022.

Clean water is crucial for both human and environmental health, and we are committed to using water responsibly and doing our part to protect this vital resource.

To achieve our goal of responsible water stewardship, we have set an ambitious target of halving our absolute water withdrawals by 2035, as compared to our 2015 baseline.

AbbVie acknowledges that water stress and water scarcity have a growing impact in regions around the globe including areas where we operate.

We have identified sites using the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool where water risk could be a growing concern between now and 2040 and are focusing our attention to identifying water efficiency and water management programs at those sites.

In 2022, AbbVie discontinued the manufacture of a legacy product at our North Chicago manufacturing site, which had required our most energy and water intensive manufacturing process.

Following the discontinuation of the product, we experienced a 27% reduction in our global water withdrawal compared to 2021 withdrawal levels.

We invest in innovative technologies that allow us to use water more efficiently, and we encourage the development of new processes that increase efficiency of our water usage.

Putting this into practice, employee driven proposals made through AbbVie’s SPARK Innovation Accelerator program have resulted in 48,611 cubic meters of water saved in the first three years of the program.

Innovative practices that have been implemented include installing water efficient cleaning equipment, treating and then recycling wastewater, and even capturing rainwater at our sites in Singapore, South San Francisco and Campoverde, Italy.

Waste is an important focus of our environmental sustainability efforts, and we recognize the importance of minimizing waste by ensuring the appropriate disposal methods for both hazardous and non hazardous waste at all of our sites.

We characterize our waste streams to determine waste classification and proper disposal methods and ensure our employees are fully aware of correct classification and procedures.

Waste management training is provided to AbbVie employees and contract workers before they undertake any responsibility for hazardous waste management activities.

We routinely audit the procedures and practices of third party waste management providers to ensure our waste is responsibly managed and disposed of.

In 2022, AbbVie revised our corporate technical standard on waste disposal facility evaluations.

One of the major changes to the document resulted in expanded requirements to perform these evaluations at facilities that take our non hazardous waste, where previously we only evaluated facilities that were taking hazardous waste.

At our global headquarters in Lake County, Illinois, we rolled out this new standard and completed audits for our top five waste vendors using this updated standard.

American Chemical Society definition of the atom economy: maximizing the incorporation of material from the starting materials or reagents into the final product.

Our green chemistry team identifies ways to leverage new technologies to make our active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) processes more sustainable.

A key example is pervaporation, a membrane based technology that allows water to be removed from organic solvents using less energy and producing less waste than the conventional method of distillation.

The Membrane Assisted Dehydration of Solution team worked cross functionally to evaluate pilot scale units for the North Chicago API Pilot Plant.

The team successfully installed the new pervaporation unit at the end of 2022 and demonstrated the unit at scale for a pipeline product.

During the demonstration, the team reduced 270 kg of organic solvent that would have been needed to meet the product quality targets in traditional water distillation methods.

SPARK Innovation Accelerator is a grassroots engine for employee driven sustainability ideas and impact that invites employees to submit their best ideas, teaches the top idea owners how to pitch their idea to leaders, and supports the winning idea teams through a 10 month action phase to explore if their idea works and how to increase impact to accelerate reaching AbbVie's environmental sustainability goals.

SPARK was launched in 2019, and the program is actively supporting 17 winning teams in 2022 who will pilot actions in 2023.

Over the last five years, 51 winning teams from 11 countries have participated.

This program has been recognized by the US Department of Energy through AbbVie’s application to be an ENERGY STAR company and the SPARK leadership team presented to 75 other ENERGY STAR companies in June 2022 about how we engage our employees to reduce energy consumption.

In 2022, one particular SPARK program was developed to inspire the Brazil Fleet vehicle drivers to reduce their GHG emission of their vehicles by using biofuel (sugar cane ethanol) rather than petrol (fossil fuel).

By the end of the awareness program the Brazil drivers increased biofuel usage from 9% to 83% reducing GHG emissions by 72%.

AbbVie EcoChallenge is an annual virtual global sustainability event that was hosted in 2022 between April 22 (Earth Day) and May 20.

The EcoChallenge encourages employees to select or create sustainability actions that resonate with them as individuals and take steps toward completing those actions.

An AbbVie employee and his son plant an herb garden as part of the AbbVie EcoChallenge.

A growing consideration for all large companies is operational impact on biodiversity.

In 2022, AbbVie completed an evaluation of all our global manufacturing and R D sites to determine the proximity of these sites to key biodiversity areas.

Although it was determined that we do not currently operate any facilities that fall within biodiverse areas, we do operate one facility that is adjacent to a key biodiversity area.

Our Wyandotte, Michigan facility is located along the banks of the Detroit River and is ISO 14001 certified for Environmental Management.

The site's environmental management system is designed to mitigate any negative impact from our operations on this natural resource.

Our North Chicago site sits along the shores of Lake Michigan.

Directly along the shoreline, AbbVie has established a 28 hectare nature and wildlife preserve.

Native plants and vegetation grow in the preserve, and the area is home to native wildlife as well as migrating birds in the spring and fall seasons.

As a global healthcare company, we recognize the importance and responsibility that we have in serving our stakeholders.

We put patients at the center of our work, and support patient communities through research, engagement, assistance and broader access to our medicines and therapies.

We create innovative medicines and therapies with the highest standard of quality and safety to have a positive impact on the lives of our patients.

We achieve this by having a strong, caring organizational culture and constantly working to attract the best talent and provide opportunities for continuous growth and development.

We have implemented strategies to create an inclusive workplace, improve employee well being and prioritize health and safety.

We also take an active role in the communities that we are a part of and give back through volunteering and philanthropy.

At the heart of AbbVie’s unrelenting drive for innovation are the patients we serve.

Our teams of scientists use novel patient focused drug development approaches to help deliver therapies and solutions for our core set of therapeutic areas and conditions with the greatest unmet need namely oncology, immunology, neuroscience, eye care, and aesthetics where we have proven our expertise and where we have even greater potential to improve how diseases and conditions are managed.

Within these areas, we build on a deep understanding of biology and unmet patient needs to pursue world class medicines and solutions for a number of diseases and conditions.

We prioritize our investments in key areas and technologies such as precision medicine, data convergence, genetics and genomics and patient focused drug development, to enable better ways to bring the right medicines to patients tailoring and personalizing our therapies and letting the patient voice and experience guide us.

This is because we believe that investments in these areas along with our unique mix of therapeutic modalities and advanced tools drive innovation within our pipeline, advance programs with a stronger probability of success, and increase our potential to deliver better solutions to patients.

We partner with patients, patient organizations, caregivers and clinicians to ensure that individual experiences, perspectives, needs and priorities are part of the clinical development process.

This includes designing inclusive study protocols so that our clinical trials reflect the populations we serve.

By embedding patient experiences and perspectives throughout our clinical development process, we understand the experience of people living with a disease or condition and are able to better meet their specialized health needs.

Our R D governance processes enable oversight of our product development, ensuring that our innovations meet the needs of the patients that we seek to serve.

When AbbVie works exclusively to develop an asset, our robust internal governance structures, such as our Therapeutic Area Strategic Council, Development Review Committee, and Late Stage Pipeline Marketed Product Governance team, assess the product throughout each phase of its lifecycle to ensure that product’s progression is scientifically and commercially sound.

These committees are comprised of experts and leadership who identify trends, including potential risks and funding, and help make recommendations throughout the asset lifecycle.

When a product is developed alongside a partner, pipeline decisions and recommendations are made by the Joint Steering Committee (JSC), which oversees the development and commercialization of licensed assets.

The board of directors receives regular updates on key R D initiatives, developments and milestones of AbbVie’s pipeline.

In addition to these updates, in 2022, AbbVie held a Science Day’ during which directors heard even more detail on the most exciting early pipeline scientific developments our scientists have to offer.

This event provides attendees with targeted insights into new and emerging technologies, as well as other R D updates.

The board also receives tours of AbbVie laboratories, R D facilities and manufacturing plants.

Innovating for patients through science is at the heart of our commitment to patient health and well being.

Since 2013, we have invested over 55 billion in adjusted R D spend , which has led to the achievement of 25 major product or indication approvals, highlighting our drive to create novel medicines and treatment approaches that provide positive impacts for patients.

In 2022, we received several therapeutic product indication approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) including Skyrizi for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease (CD), Rinvoq for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more tumor necrosis factor blockers and Vraylar as an adjunctive therapy to antidepressants for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.

In addition to these FDA approvals, AbbVie also submitted regulatory applications for additional key development programs including epcoritamab for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed refractory large B cell lymphoma and ABBV 951 for the treatment of motor fluctuations in patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease.

AbbVie’s current pipeline includes over 80 compounds, devices or indications in development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care.

Of these programs, approximately 50 are in mid and late stage development.

Collaboration with key strategic partners allows us to amplify the impact of our work.

Whether through collaborations with smaller biotech companies, teaming up with universities or joining forces with other pharmaceutical companies around the world, partnerships are a powerful path to scientific discovery and patient success.

Adjusted research and development investment is a non GAAP measure, which are reconciled in the Appendix.

We proudly partner with MBC BioLabs, a start up incubator that focuses on giving bioscience innovators and entrepreneurs access to our facilities, equipment and collaborative space.

AbbVie sponsored three Golden Ticket programs in 2022, in which we worked with MBC BioLabs to choose early stage companies with promising novel, transformational therapies for immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care or aesthetics.

This pipeline of entrepreneurial support gives AbbVie the chance to continue investing in the start up and support upcoming innovation.

In April 2022, Quinotto and Think Bioscience were awarded the AbbVie Golden Ticket to support both companies in accelerating early drug discovery and innovation.

Think Bioscience employs nature based design thinking and uses living systems to guide the design and assembly of better medicines by combining applied microbiology, enzymeology, and data science to develop small molecule therapeutics.

New in 2022, AbbVie and MBC BioLabs designed and launched a new Golden Ticket program to support under represented biotech entrepreneurs.

The inaugural award winning companies were MabSwitch and NeuroAge Therapeutics.

MabSwitch, Inc. utilizes a proprietary technology focused on T Cell based immunotherapies for cancer and other chronic diseases.

NeuroAge Therapeutics focuses on the development of drugs to rejuvenate the brain and treat neurodegenerative disorders, including Alzheimer’s.

To further expand access and transparency to clinical trials, we created a new investigator pathway a way for potential investigative sites to easily express interest in partnering with AbbVie on clinical trial research.

This new investigator pathway will allow us to expand our network of new investigators and integrate them into our clinical trial ecosystem while also providing transparency.

Clinical trials are a critical component to delivering live saving medicines for our patients.

We require our clinical studies to be conducted in a manner consistent with the ethical principles outlined in the World Medical Association’s Declaration of Helsinki and to adhere to applicable standards set by the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use.

This includes adherence to Good Clinical Practice, Good Laboratory Practice and Good Manufacturing Practice standards, all of which provide assurance that the rights, safety, well being and ethical treatment of trial participants are protected.

We share comprehensive information about our processes on our website regardless of outcome, while protecting patient confidentiality and sharing the results of all clinical trials with health authorities and on publicly available registries including, but not limited to, the European Medicines Agency, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency in Japan and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs), together with widespread tropical diseases such as malaria and tuberculosis, have impacted over one billion people globally.

These diseases, which disproportionately affect people in low and middle income countries, are detrimental to both public health globally and economic well being locally.

Combating NTDs requires input, commitment and collaboration between a wide range of dedicated partners.

Recognizing the importance of combatting NTDs, we were one of the original signatories to the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases in 2012, a collaborative global partnership that aims to eliminate or control 10 pivotal NTDs.

In June 2022, AbbVie renewed its commitments to NTDs by signing the Kigali Declaration Ending the Neglect to Attain the Sustainable Development Goals.

Signatories are committed to a new World Health Organization (WHO) roadmap, which aims to prevent, control, eliminate and eradicate a set of 20 NTDs by 2030.

These commitments aim to help relieve suffering, decrease the health related drivers of poverty, reduce disability and stigma and improve mental well being and inclusion in society.

One of our most promising NTD programs is ABBV 4083, or flubentylosin, which is currently in Phase Two of clinical trials.

The goal of the program is to treat the parasitic disease onchocerciasis (river blindness), which currently affects over 17 million people 99% of which are in Africa.

In partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi), we were able to build two clinical sites in rural areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to conduct the trial.

We recently completed part one of the proof of concept trial and analysis of the clinical samples is ongoing.

Further insights will become available in 2023, which will inform how we proceed with part two of the proof of concept trial.

Hundreds of AbbVie scientists have donated 195,000 pro bono hours over the past 10 years to help find solutions for these persistent global public health challenges.

AbbVie’s Executive Council on Neglected Diseases coordinates our innovative technologies, diverse compounds for screening and scientific expertise.

We collaborate with partners to develop new treatments in NTDs including onchocerciasis, Chagas disease and leishmaniasis.

We also offer a 10 week summer internship program for chemistry students working on NTD related research.

In the 2021 ESG Action Report, our 2021 Adjusted Investment in R D was described as our R D expense which was a non GAAP measure and excluded specified items of 0.4B compared to the as reported GAAP measure of 6.9B.

In 2022, our Adjusted Investment in R D reflects adjusted non GAAP R D expense and acquired IPR D and milestones expense, which is reconciled in the Appendix.

We believe our clinical trials should reflect the populations we serve as we aim to help patients live healthier, longer lives.

Our vision for clinical trials and clinical trial research is to be the industry leader in designing inclusive clinical research programs through unparalleled partnerships with diverse patients and healthcare providers.

The goal of our Diversity Patient Inclusion (DPI) team is to ensure that the clinical programs we run offer equitable access and enhance trial experience for both patients and physicians, regardless of the therapeutic area or geography.

This cross functional team’s mission is to promote equity, access and opportunity for patient and health care provider communities by integrating diverse perspectives into strategic decision making during the drug development process to develop patient centric solutions.

In 2022, AbbVie furthered our commitment to transparency and data driven practices by developing an AbbVie diversity plan template, which is aligned with FDA draft guidance.

This plan helps to systematically assess the inclusiveness of the study design and define enrollment goals specific to each indication.

Our goal was to use the diversity plan template to create 16 indication level diversity plans.

We exceeded our 2022 goal by developing 19 indication level diversity plans.

Additionally, we expanded our investigator training opportunities by developing a ten module curriculum for research limited investigators and site teams across therapeutic areas that concludes with a mock trial assessment to determine research readiness .

This new training series diversifies our investigator pool and also helps meet the demand of ensuring there are new sites available to support our growing pipeline.

A two day training session took place for the inaugural cohort in December 2022.

AbbVie also engaged government, academia and patient advocacy stakeholders.

We engaged with members of the Congressional Black Caucus in 2022 to provide insight into how health equity gaps are considered within AbbVie’s drug development process.

We also developed a strategy to define how we partner with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), focusing on leveraging and expanding existing collaborations between AbbVie and HBCUs to identify partnership opportunities to improve health equity, advance clinical research education, focus on patient centricity and drive access to clinical trial programs and medicines with underrepresented patients and physicians.

Our system of standards, policies and procedures for product quality and safety are the foundation of ensuring the health and safety of our patients.

By implementing and maintaining these robust quality controls from end to end, our patients, customers and regulators can count on us to deliver a consistent supply of high quality products that meet patient needs.

This strong, clearly defined quality system is designed to empower all employees to make quality their top priority.

We ensure that there is effective oversight and compliance across every step of the manufacturing process.

We use an integrated enterprise quality management system that complies with all applicable global standards and regulations (GxP) from the U.S. FDA, Europeans Medicines Agency and other leading regulatory authorities.

Beyond internal control measures, our quality processes are reviewed, certified and audited by multiple external regulatory authorities and notified parties.

Expert teams oversee every aspect of our quality and safety processes and our Quality Council oversees our quality strategy and is accountable directly to our CEO.

Regarding product related risks, our Global Anti Counterfeiting Steering Committee is responsible for identifying and mitigating risks related to AbbVie medicines.

In addition, AbbVie’s Product Security Alert Board is responsible for reviewing and reporting substandard and falsified medicines to the relevant authorities.

Our transformative medicines and products matter only if they are safe, effective and accessible to everyone who needs them, when they need them.

Ensuring quality is everyone’s job so that we can deliver a consistent stream of innovative medicines and products and have a lasting impact on people’s lives.

In our culture of quality if you SEE something, SAY something, DO something.

If we focus on quality and flawless execution, compliance will follow.

We empower all employees to be critical, constructive and uphold AbbVie to the highest standards of quality, every day.

Our pride in product quality and commitment to patient safety are a powerful combination that motivates employees to stay vigilant, speak up and be part of the solution.

The principles and structure of our integrated enterprise Quality Management Systems (QMS) are outlined in our Global Quality Manual which is available to all our employees.

Agency and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency.

In 2022, these audits had no findings resulting in production stoppages.

In 2022, we announced a newly created position, AbbVie’s Chief Safety Officer, responsible for leading AbbVie’s Pharmacovigilance, Patient Safety R D Quality Assurance (RDQA) organization.

Our RDQA team identifies potential safety issues and mitigates their impact on patients with an overall goal to improve the patient experience throughout the product lifecycle.

This team supported approximately 250 clinical trials and nearly 200 marketed products and devices at any given time in 2022.

Our RDQA team also takes action to address any risks of our medicines being counterfeited or diverted.

We regularly provide education and training to employees, healthcare providers and law enforcement officials in higher risk geographies.

Our education covers the social and health risks of counterfeited and diverted medicines as well as common illicit trade practices and security protocols.

The identified 2022 recall involved a Class II voluntary discontinuation and removal of parallel plate applicators through Zeltiq Aesthetics.

More information on this recall can be found on the FDA website.

We believe patient well being requires care and guidance at every step along the treatment journey.

From drug discovery and development to ensuring our medicines are accessible and affordable, we aim to ensure our products work under real world conditions.

We work to improve health outcomes for patients globally and to bring clarity to healthcare’s complexity through patient support and education.

These programs aim to help patients, families, and caregivers with the knowledge and resources they need to understand and manage the patient’s disease.

Developing and implementing patient oriented solutions requires bringing together the right expertise, and continually improving our services for each therapy.

We maintain a dedicated leadership team to drive functional areas and a steering committee to inform strategic patient support decisions.

Experts also work cross functionally to incorporate patient insights into therapies and help them pursue better health.

This oversight over our programs helps support the well being of our patients, the growth of our employees, the strength of our communities, and the resilience of our business.

DREAM: Driving Racial Equity in Aesthetic Medicine is a comprehensive initiative created by Allergan Aesthetics and skinbetter science , designed to address effects of systemic racism in aesthetic medicine.

As part of this initiative, in 2022, The Forces of Beauty report was published aiming to further EEDI education within the world of aesthetics and the beauty industry as a whole.

The Forces of Beauty report is a study sourced from approximately 4,000 women of various racial and ethnic backgrounds.

In addition to valuable data, their voices lend firsthand narratives to the larger conversation around representation in beauty marketing.

This report is intended to help further the conversation about the importance of EEDI among healthcare professionals, the aesthetics industry, brands and the media by providing educational data and snapshots of individual experiences related to beauty and aesthetics.

We’ve gotten lost in the shuffle over the years, and our stories have been pounded down.

Seeing people that look like me represented in the beauty world is everything.

AbbVie is actively supporting hundreds of HCV elimination projects, fostering partnerships, and sharing best practices around the globe to address the challenges caused by HCV.

Together, we can scale effective solutions and relieve the burden of this disease for individuals and communities around the world.

HCV Elimination in Homeless Populations in Ontario, Canada: A customized community outreach, including shelters and mobile units to provide safe interventions.

A simplified approach was adapted for unique circumstances with telemedicine follow up.

Success was demonstrated in a dossier to secure ongoing funding support, transferable to others in need.

Prison X Project in Taiwan: AbbVie piloted an HCV testing and group education in prisons to increase patient access and gain decision makers' support.

The program facilitated discussions, set up a fast track pathway for high risk patients, and demonstrated the potential to improve screening and care in prison.

HCV Free Port in Lithuania: General practitioners used a risk assessment questionnaire to identify eligible individuals for testing, with a maximum wait time of approximately 2 4 weeks.

This approach aimed to increase screening rates among high risk populations and improve early detection of HCV infection.

In total, 10,000 high risk individuals, including those over 18 years old and with a history of medical blood interventions, HIV co infection, injection drug use, tattoos, or body piercings, were screened.

Road to Elimination in Portugal: This project aimed to eliminate HCV in Lisbon's low threshold methadone program.

It was focused on simplification of the treatment algorithm with decentralized consultations in a mobile unit.

Our independent educational grants support medical education and training and access to healthcare services among other needs.

Grants enhance the delivery of medical education to better impact patient outcomes and health literacy.

We support independent scientific and medical education programs that offer unbiased continuing education for experienced healthcare providers and scientists on current, new, and emerging science.

By deepening provider knowledge, patients are better served and more positive outcomes are achieved.

Our grants also fund fellowships that increase capacity in under resourced fields and educate providers on medical advances and emerging therapies.

We prioritize grants to initiatives that focus on the reduction of healthcare disparities in underserved populations and those that advance inclusive patient care.

Some of our funded initiatives have fostered telemedicine and telehealth, bridging geographic gaps.

In 2022, we reached over 200,000 patients and healthcare providers through our independent educational grants.

More information on areas we support through our independent educational grants and the most up to date grant application process can be found on our website.

This KPI does not include AbbVie Foundation or Corporate philanthropic grants or donations.

See Community Partner Engagement section for more details on AbbVie’s philanthropic efforts.

Our patient support programs help patients reach their full treatment potential by providing a wide range of country specific, disease state programs that offer meaningful, informative and empowering support to patients who have been prescribed AbbVie medicines.

Through these programs, we also verify insurance coverage, help patients access financial assistance, and in specific situations, may dispense medicines directly to patients.

To learn more about the ways we make medicines more affordable to patients, please refer to the Patient Access and Affordability section of this report.

The support we provide patients increases their ability to access and use our medicines in a way that ensures successful outcomes.

For example, through our Nurse Ambassador program and through other support resources, we provide educational programs to patients that ensure they are empowered with the knowledge and resources to better understand their disease, treatment and the usage of their medicine.

To enhance the ways in which we support patients to use their prescribed medicines, we use learnings and tools from behavioral science such as teach back, an established health literacy technique.

Teach back helps us to better understand how patients interpret the information we share with them, which in turn allows us to further adapt our communications for clarity.

The patient is and will always be at the heart of all the work we do.

Without understanding the lived experience of people living with health conditions, including their wants, needs and goals, it is impossible to design, develop and deliver life improving medicines for patients.

We partner with patient advocacy groups and rely on the valuable insights they share on the patient and caregiver experience.

We foster relationships with patient advocacy groups based on mutual trust, respect and shared goals, which reflect AbbVie’s transparent and ethical behavioral standards.

Together, we have a shared aim to improve patients’ lives.

The patient advocacy community enables us to garner diverse perspectives and to build a greater understanding of the experiences of our patients and the unique challenges of the patient journey from diagnosis to treatment.

This helps inform our decisions from drug development to packaging design and delivery.

Through these partnerships, AbbVie also contributes to patient and caregiver education specific to disease states and shares information about quality of life improvements.

Independence: The independence of patient advocacy groups will not be compromised.

We encourage patient advocacy groups to maintain relationships with a wide range of organizations and companies.

Transparency: All support will be disclosed according to relevant laws, and patient advocacy groups will recognize company support through locally appropriate means.

Both AbbVie and patient advocacy groups will have final approval on all public uses of their respective names, logos and identifying symbols.

Trust and Mutual Respect: Through a mutual and open understanding of each other’s policies, objectives and working practices, we will demonstrate respect for our partners as we each work toward common objectives and outcomes.

When providing information on marketed and investigational medicines, AbbVie will do so in compliance with applicable local laws, regulations, policies and procedures.

At AbbVie, we are driven by the potential of our innovative medicines to make a remarkable impact on patients.

Our commitment to patients inspires a dedicated focus on driving new science and innovation to serve the people who need our products most.

Our approach to pricing aims to drive broad and rapid access to our medicines, while addressing the world’s toughest health challenges.

We price our medicines to reflect the value they bring to patients and their families, the health system and to society.

We also consider the affordability and accessibility of our medicines for a diverse set of stakeholders, including patients, providers, governments and other payers, as well as the long term sustainability of our innovation and societal impact.

Innovative treatments are most impactful when patients have choice, access and the right guidance and support.

Innovation, pricing and access must work in harmony, which is why we are committed to ensuring that patients who need our medicines can access them.

Given complex health system dynamics around the world, we believe efforts to support patients are a shared responsibility.

That is why we actively engage in intentional efforts around the world to reduce barriers to patient access and provide support after a patient has received our medicine.

We broaden access and increase affordability for patients through our global reach, out of pocket cost assistance, medicine donation programs including for low and middle income countries and charitable donations.

We also work with governments and payer organizations to pursue early access pathways for patients who need alternative therapies.

From lab to patient, we are committed to pursuing collaboration with our communities, patients and customers, employees, policymakers and the public to align our collective capabilities to improve lives today and address the biggest health challenges of tomorrow.

In 2022, AbbVie published Access Pricing of Our Innovative Medicines a report describing our approach to pricing, access and innovation.

This report describes the factors AbbVie takes into consideration when pricing its products and the critical role that access and innovation play in helping our medications reach the patients who need them most.

We believe that our approach to pricing helps drive broad and rapid access to our medicines, and we continually take steps to reduce the barriers to access for our patients.

Within the United States, we provide co pay assistance, regardless of income, to patients with commercial insurance.

When utilizing co pay assistance, most eligible patients pay 5 10 per month for their AbbVie medicines.

More than 90% of commercial patients utilize our co pay assistance program.

We also make donations to independent charitable foundations that provide co pay assistance to patients in need, regardless of whether their treatments are AbbVie medicines.

Patients in the United States without insurance or with limited coverage for our medicines may be eligible to receive AbbVie medicines at no cost to them through myAbbVie Assist, AbbVie’s U.S. patient assistance program.

The program serves as an important safety net and helps 99% of uninsured patients who seek our assistance.

The income eligibility requirement for myAbbVie Assist is 600% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).

In 2022, myAbbVie Assist supported over 198,000 patients in the United States.

We believe that patients around the world should have access to life changing medicine.

We work toward this goal in a number of ways, including licensing agreements, partnerships with governments, patient financial assistance programs and access to clinical trial medicines.

To facilitate access to AbbVie medicines globally, we contribute to the World Intellectual Property Organization’s Patent Information Initiative for Medicines (Pat INFORMED) database.

This database provides patent information on medicines for HIV AIDS, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, hepatitis C, oncology, respiratory conditions and other products on the WHO Essential Medicines List so that procurement agencies may easily find patent holders and communicate directly with companies selling the medicines they need.

Further highlighting our focus on global collaboration on access to medicine, AbbVie entered into licensing agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool (MPP) to increase access to critical medicines for patients in low and middle income countries (LMICs).

Our MPP agreements span nearly 100 countries for Mavyret, an AbbVie medicine used to treat chronic HCV.

For Aluvia FD, an antiviral medicine used to treat HIV, we have MPP agreements in place that cover over 100 countries of which more than 65 are classified as middle income nations.

We work with local governments and regulatory bodies to make our treatments, therapies and medicines available in over 170 countries.

To promote access to medicines for those in need with no means of accessing them due to limitations and availability, we host global medicine donation programs.

We have seven ongoing medicine donation partnerships with non governmental organizations providing care in LMICs.

We also support requests for medical donations for pediatric health, mental health and HIV AIDS, and access to surgical care by donation of our general anesthesia treatment for use in free surgeries.

To assist with out of pocket cost of medicines, AbbVie offers several programs that help to reduce the cost burden for patients to pay for our medicines.

Each program is tailored to meet the unique needs of patients and the patient communities within the specific geography, disease area, and payer context.

Additionally, we recognize that while payers evaluate evidence provided by clinical development programs, this pending evaluation could delay or impact payer and health system reimbursement decisions.

At times, we can provide earlier access to treatment for people who are suffering from serious medical conditions and could potentially benefit from our medicines.

Through our compassionate use programs, AbbVie provides access to investigational drugs prior to regulatory approval for patients who suffer from serious or life threatening illness, as determined on a case by case basis and implemented through programs subject to established regulatory pathways.

Our compassionate use programs span a variety of medicines across oncology, immunology, neuroscience and other therapeutic areas.

For more information on our approach to global access to medicine, see our 2022 report Pricing and Access of Our Innovative Medicines.

AbbVie integrates real world data reflecting patient experience, treatment patterns, and outcomes of care to help us better understand disease burden, patient behaviors, and how treatments are working for different groups of patients to uncover unmet needs particularly for populations that face disparities in care and health outcomes.

Health economic and outcomes research is a central component in helping patients, payers and providers understand the real world value of our medicines by highlighting treatment benefit and outcomes that are meaningful to patients, healthcare systems, and society.

RINVOQ in UC: the FDA approved the inclusion of three novel endpoints not previously seen in the label of any UC therapy: two patient reported outcomes (abdominal pain and bowel urgency) and a clinician reported outcome to assess mucosal healing.

SKYRIZI in CD: the FDA approved the inclusion of two major CD symptoms, abdominal pain and stool frequency a first for any product in CD.

SKYRIZI in PsA: the EMA approved inclusion of a first in PsA clinician reported outcome, the physician global assessment of fingernail psoriasis in the EMA label.

This is the first time ever a PsA treatment has label language on the ability to improve fingernail psoriasis manifestations.

Advancing the use of digital health technology and machine learning AbbVie has also been advancing the use of digital health technology to better measure and quantify patient symptoms.

Specifically, within advanced Parkinson's Disease, we spearheaded efforts to select fit for purpose wearable sensors to collect key motor outcomes to demonstrate treatment efficacy on motor symptoms and successfully integrated digital endpoints as exploratory and secondary in real world evidence (RWE) studies.

Advanced digital data analytic methods, and algorithm validations were developed in house, and these experiences led to the use of wearable sensors in a Phase 3 trial in advanced Parkinson's patients.

We also worked to develop an interactive online resource for Hepatitis C, MappingHepC.com, using an innovative approach based on machine learning methodology.

This tool features national and state level evidence about Hepatitis C screening, diagnosis, and treatment.

The underlying evidence draws on two large national laboratory data sets to address one of the biggest gaps in HCV elimination: identifying gaps in care cascade.

The website is updated with new waves of data to identify RNA positive patients initiating HCV treatment and attaining cure.

The information on the site has been the basis for discussions with providers and policy makers at the state and national level, reflecting AbbVie's continued commitment to HCV elimination in the US and globally, in line with WHO's 2030 goal for HCV elimination.

Incorporating patient insights into clinical trial design and workplace initiatives In 2022, AbbVie kicked off two Patient Leader Advisory Boards, one in multiple myeloma (MM) and the other in lung cancer, to incorporate patient insights and feedback into clinical trial protocol designs for multiple pipeline assets in MM and lung cancer, respectively.

The objectives of these Advisory Boards were to understand patient perspectives on trial eligibility criteria and participation, best practices for patient reported outcomes, and equity, diversity, and inclusion plans.

These insights are used to inform current and future MM and lung cancer programs and improve and enhance patient engagement pre and post clinical trial.

Our data was also leveraged to launch AbbVie’s Migraine Friendly Workplace Initiative, aimed at advancing awareness of migraine and exploring innovative and scalable employer programs.

We have initiated a study to evaluate AbbVie’s own affected employees and the impact of the Migraine at Work (MAW) educational program.

This study will assess 1) the direct and indirect burden associated with migraine and 2) the impact of MAW on these outcomes.

As a result of the study, we hope to provide an evidence based scalable employer program by potentially demonstrating benefits of workplace interventions in migraine and further establish AbbVie’s leadership in the migraine space.

Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Product donations fluctuate year over year depending on needs (e.g.

AbbVie takes a holistic approach to human capital management, emphasizing professional and leadership development, employee well being, and equity, equality, diversity and inclusion (EEDI).

Attracting the best talent while retaining and providing meaningful development opportunities to our employees is critical to driving long term growth and making a meaningful impact on people’s lives around the world.

We identify and enhance strategic and leadership capabilities, foster employee engagement and create a culture where talent is productive and engaged.

AbbVie’s board of directors oversees the company’s approach to human capital management, including our EEDI strategy.

AbbVie also has diversity councils that help to amplify this EEDI strategy, with implementation plans organized by business function and geography.

The strategy and its implementation are driven and overseen by our CEO, Chief Equity Officer and the Executive Leadership team who set formal goals and are held accountable for our performance in this area.

We have developed a deep talent base through ongoing investment in functional and leadership training and by sourcing world class external talent, ensuring a sustainable talent pipeline.

We also invest in our employees through competitive compensation, benefits, and employee support programs and offer best in class development and leadership opportunities.

Our EEDI strategy centers around several cornerstones of success: drive awareness and understanding attract and source talent develop and engage talent and create connections and community.

We do this for our people, our patients and our business.

For instance, we support diverse suppliers through integration into our supply chain.

We also advance health equity by working with partners, communities and patients to increase health access and drive systemic change.

Whether that’s including more gender inclusive language when describing our treatments and services or addressing the effects of systemic racism in aesthetic medicine, we aim to serve, reflect and represent diverse populations around the world.

Decisions related to human capital management are set at the executive leadership level and are then amplified at the functional levels.

Our Principles, which represent who we are and what we stand for: transforming lives, acting with integrity, driving innovation, embracing diversity and inclusion and serving the community.

The Ways We Work, a core set of behaviors that provide clear expectations for all employees, reinforcing that how we achieve results matters.

Integrated into the entire talent journey, these behaviors form the basis for assessing performance, prioritizing development, and ultimately, rewarding employees.

Our Talent Philosophy, which guides how we lead and develop talent at AbbVie.

At AbbVie, we believe development is critical to our business performance and engagement and retention of our employees.

To that end, employees establish a development goal at the start of the year to focus on the one thing that will enhance performance or ready them for the next experience.

We supplement this individualized approach with company wide training opportunities plus differentiated investments in key talent leaders.

It includes an annual week of learning, a monthly series and a website.

Topics include resilience, decision making, empathy, innovation, inclusivity, meeting effectiveness, influence and more.

Global industry experts and AbbVie senior leaders serve as content specialists and guests.

In 2022, LDP Week had more than 55,000 employee registrations from 10,500 individual users.

Throughout the year, more than 30,000 employees visited the LDP site representing 58% of the employee population.

The AbbVie 360: AbbVie 360 is available to all employees and provides specific developmental feedback to employees on how they are demonstrating our leadership attributes.

It helps the learner understand their strengths and opportunities for improvement.

In 2022, 800 employees utilized the survey for their development and feedback was provided by over 17,000 colleagues including their manager, peers, direct reports and business stakeholders.

People Leader Series: This training is specifically focused on our Talent and Performance Management processes and hosted 13,000 attendees in 2022.

These 1 2 hour virtual sessions focused on ensuring our people leaders were equipped with tools and resources they need to implement strong practices in support of employee development and performance.

Intact Team Training: This training includes a variety of leadership and professional skills courses available to senior professionals at AbbVie including facilitated customized training for intact teams and international region.

In 2022, 3,000 attendees participated in this training.

Leading at AbbVie: This is a transition support program specifically for those in people leader roles for the first time.

The program began in its current format in 2021 primarily in the US and was delivered globally in 2022 with 700 new managers attending.

Key Talent Development: AbbVie provides customized leadership assessment, coaching and training to accelerate the development of key talent leaders at manager through executive levels.

In 2022, 755 global, cross functional leaders participated in this program.

All employees use our Raise the Bar performance management process to set goals at the start of the year.

Throughout the year, leaders and employees are expected to check in on their performance and development through Time To Talk conversations.

A Time To Talk conversation guide is available for all employees to increase transparency, trust, shared accountability, and inclusion in the Raise The Bar process.

AbbVie, we have embedded them into many of our talent practices, including performance reviews.

All employees’ performance, regardless of level, role or location, is evaluated at year end against their goal achievement and their demonstration of our Ways We Work.

The resulting performance ratings guide merit based pay increases, and for those eligible, annual bonus payouts and long term incentive stock grants.

AbbVie is committed to providing a comprehensive total rewards package that is competitive in attracting, retaining and engaging the talent we need to drive our business growth.

Gender neutral parental leave policy that provides birthing and non birthing parents up to 12 weeks paid leave and 10 weeks unpaid leave for birth, adoption and surrogacy.

An additional two weeks of paid leave is provided to parents who grow their families through adoption or surrogacy.

Time can be used incrementally and in phases within 12 months of life event.

Family caregiver leave provides up to four weeks of paid leave and eight weeks of unpaid leave.

Baby feeding support includes lactation rooms in most of AbbVie’s global office locations, breastmilk shipping services for moms on business travel, 24 7 lactation support and baby formula discount programs.

Educational materials and discounts on breast pumps for all employees through AbbVie’s Mothers at Work program.

Annual Financial Well being Campaign in the U.S. to increase employees’ financial knowledge and improve awareness of AbbVie’s financial resources and benefits.

We conduct annual pay equity analyses in effort to achieve equitable pay across genders and ethnicities among employees in the United States.

Protecting Our Workforce Ensuring the safety of our employees across our workplace is a cornerstone commitment to our employee community and human rights more broadly.

We provide comprehensive safety training for all employees, as it pertains to their workplace environment.

We also conduct OHS risk and hazard assessments to identify what could cause harm in the workplace.

Additionally, 14 of our manufacturing sites are certified to the international standards for safety associated with ISO 45001.

Since our launch as an independent company, we have been a Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) leader in occupational health and safety across the biotechnology industry, reflecting our commitment to continuously improving our best in class safety programs.

In 2022, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to our employees’ safety by expanding on Zero.

This initiative is designed to empower employees across AbbVie’s manufacturing sites to take ownership of safety and promote the safest workplace possible.

Safety training programs for AbbVie’s workforce include regulatory training, addressing hazards within business areas, site specific safety and environmental training, case management (investigations and root cause analysis), T28 reporting and recording standards, as well as courses on Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) and Occupational Health and Safety (OHS).

To further protect our workers, beginning in 2020 and running through late 2022, we instituted several safety protocols and initiatives focused on COVID 19.

We provided on site COVID 19 testing at numerous AbbVie locations, implemented a case management program and a weekly preventative testing initiative and launched an attestation program for employees to voluntarily disclose their vaccination status.

In March 2022, AbbVie 360 on site Health Care Centers opened in our Lake County, Illinois offices.

The high quality services included personal health services (preventative care, well being screenings, vaccines and lab services, illness and injury care, acute chronic care, and physical therapy) for all employees and occupational health services (work related injury and illness, medical surveillance, travel vaccinations, and physical therapy) for all employees and contractors.

Contractors only include those individuals who are contingent temporary workers under AbbVie's direct supervision.

Enhancing Employee Well being At AbbVie, we partner with employees on their well being journey, connecting them to tools, resources and support to help them be their best selves at work and at home.

The AbbVie Foundation’s Employee Assistance Program supports employees by providing aid when a child goes to college or if a disaster or personal hardship strikes.

Over 70% of our support year over year has been in response to employees impacted by natural disasters.

Learn more in the Community Partner Engagement section of this report.

AbbVie Vitality, our holistic approach to well being, provides benefits that help to make our employees’ lives easier and better.

Vitality focuses on mental health, ergonomics, financial well being, workplace flexibility, and caregiver support, along with more traditional well being areas such as fitness and nutrition.

The program also offers access to fitness and health classes, a comprehensive website with on demand classes, cooking demonstrations, videos and articles.

Our signature program, AbbVie in Motion, is a four week team based physical activity challenge that had over 14,000 participants and logged more than 19 million physical activity minutes in 2022.

Flexible Working Since AbbVie's inception, workplace flexibility has been an integral part of how we work.

We believe flexible work arrangements help sustain high performance, employee productivity and employee engagement.

In the past year we introduced Where We Work, AbbVie’s hybrid work model for office based employees that provides predictable flexibility without sacrificing in person collaboration.

Our Where We Work model enables employees to work on average 2 days per week remotely, in addition to general flexibility.

AbbVie monitors progress on the Where We Work model to ensure it delivers for employees, their leaders and AbbVie.

Many of the resources we provided during the COVID 19 pandemic remain available to our employees as they are still relevant today.

They empower physical, emotional and financial health, provide tips for collaborating with coworkers virtually, provide guidelines for leaders to collaborate with and lead their teams effectively, bring to light virtual development opportunities and highlight AbbVie's caregiver benefits to support working parents.

We are proud to offer an environment that allows our colleagues around the world to achieve their full potential.

It is key to who we are, and it is just how we do good business.

This starts with treating all employees with dignity and respect, valuing diverse perspectives and creating an inclusive culture.

Our EEDI strategy includes specific priority areas to ensure AbbVie fosters a community that is inclusive and working for our people, patients and business.

Continued to strengthen the inclusive leader competency in our people leaders, with emphasis on enhanced understanding, skill building, ownership and accountability.

We launched a new speaker series, Going Deep, and additional hiring manager education, enhancing our approach to inclusive recruiting and hiring practices and expectations, including talent sourcing, diversity in candidate slates and interview panels, and unconscious bias awareness.

Leveraged talent attraction and talent management for stronger workforce representation of the diverse patients we serve worldwide.

In 2022, we launched ASCEND (Accelerating Success, Cultivating Excellence, Nurturing Diversity), a talent development program for mid level U.S. employees focused on those in underrepresented populations.

We continued our focus on creating connections and building a sense of community through the work of our Employee Resource Groups and related communities.

We make it a priority to listen to the voices of our employees, regularly, through Employee Voice Sessions to keep a pulse on our inclusive culture.

Focusing on a culture of equity and inclusion through education, removing barriers, creating differentiation and measurement.

HBCU Partnership Challenge: This year, AbbVie joined the Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Partnership Challenge, an effort to promote greater engagement and support between private companies and HBCUs.

Through on campus recruiting efforts, internships and hiring, AbbVie is a proud supporter of HBCUs and their graduates.

Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSI) Career Collaborative: The HSI Career Collaborative is a consortium of 14 HSIs across the country who have joined forces to make it easier for reputable employers to access their collective diverse talent, and to provide more career opportunities for ALL students and alumni from participating schools.

An annual global event that celebrates AbbVie's Ways We Work, this one day event energizes, motivates and inspires employees to continue to deliver their best every day.

Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Includes VP level and above, including women who are member of AbbVie’s board of directors.

Does not include women who are members of AbbVie’s board of directors.

Includes women in manager level positions and above.

For consistency purposes, our 2021 metrics for these KPIs have been restated.

AbbVie attracts, engages and hires talent as part of its comprehensive talent strategy.

Our proactive approach governs AbbVie’s strategy and is applied across all stages of the recruitment pipeline, from early career to executive leadership.

Leveraging strategic partnerships with top tier organizations and educational institutions, we aim to build a robust pool of diverse talent today and for years to come.

With an emphasis on our early career pipeline, a dedicated team from AbbVie has developed direct school partnerships with 13 Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions.

We also conduct new hiring manager education for U.S. people leaders, covering inclusive recruiting and hiring practices and expectations, including talent sourcing, diversity in candidate slates and interview panels as well as unconscious bias awareness.

Elevate and Empower Launched in May 2022 and stemming from results received on the 2021 Employee Survey, the Elevate and Empower program focuses on the way and the speed with which we make decisions and communicate and collaborate together every day.

Its main objectives are to improve meeting effectiveness, encourage open and transparent communication (including important topics of trust and psychological safety) and empower decision making.

All these core elements lead to better performance and outcomes.

AbbVie Way Ambassadors of Culture The AbbVie Way Ambassadors of Culture are a team of 200 global employee volunteers from across the enterprise that focuses on activating our corporate culture globally.

The team partners with local leaders and HR to bring forth tools, resources, and other mechanisms to celebrate and enhance our culture.

AbbVie’s commitment to partnering with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions is one way we continue our focus on attracting impact making talent to help us deliver on our important mission of improving patient lives.

Through relationships with these top institutions, we are creating new pathways to careers in the pharmaceutical industry.

And AbbVie has the opportunity to tap into the innovative and futuristic thinking of talented students whose value is often overlooked.

HSI Partnerships Texas A M University University of California Merced University of Illinois Chicago University of Texas San Antonio.

HBCU Partnerships Alabama A M University Florida A M University Howard University Howard University School of Medicine Meharry Medical College Morehouse College Morehouse School of Medicine North Carolina A T State University Southern University and A M College.

New partnerships in 2022 23: Association of Latino Professionals for America, Prospanica, Professional Diversity Network, Latinos in Bio, Women in Bio.

Existing Partnerships: National Black MBA Association, Black Women in Science Engineering Consortium, Leadership Alliance, Industry Pharmacists Organization, National Sales Network, Women of Color in Pharma.

Inclusive Recruitment: We introduced new hiring manager education for U.S. people leaders, covering inclusive recruiting and hiring practices and expectations, including talent sourcing, diversity in candidate slates and interview panels and unconscious bias awareness.

The AbbVie Employee Survey is conducted every two years.

The survey was not conducted in 2022 but will be conducted again in 2023.

We are committed to consistently raising the bar when it comes to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace.

AbbVie is a signatory of the CEO Action pledge, signaling our commitment to advancing diversity and inclusion in our workplace, and we are part of Paradigm for Parity , which focuses on ensuring gender parity at the senior leadership level.

Additionally, AbbVie signed the Business Coalition for the Equality Act to address workplace fairness for LGBTQ employees.

Providing ongoing education and awareness building opportunities is an important factor in building our internal people leader skills and capabilities.

We continue to offer learning opportunities for people leaders around the world that emphasize inclusivity with respect to managing teams, allyship and cross cultural understanding.

Additionally, we developed a guide designed for people leaders to self reflect on their current inclusive efforts and to offer innovative ways of engaging with team members to ensure all AbbVie employees feel they belong and are valued.

Our EEDI team hosted a series of more than 20 employee voice sessions in 2022, focused on enhancing workplace culture and advancing inclusion at AbbVie.

Employees are encouraged to share what is on their minds and how they are navigating various significant events and tragedies in the external environment that can impact our sense of humanity and the selves that we bring to work.

Through these sessions, employees have a safe space to share their experiences and viewpoints, ideas, feelings, thoughts and more.

During 2022, our EEDI and Talent Team partnered to offer Development Planning Workshops for more than 1,000 underrepresented employees in middle management roles.

Identify actionable development goals, aligned with career aspirations, that would help achieve their potential.

Determine experiences that could potentially expedite their development.

Identify individuals at AbbVie who could support them through coaching and or mentoring.

Voluntary Self Identification campaign Employee self identification helps us better understand our workforce representation, and the more informed picture we have of our workforce, the more we can enhance our inclusive culture.

We expanded our voluntary self ID program in 2022 to add more opportunities, and we’re continuing to look for ways for employees to self identify.

EEDI Sponsorship In 2021, we launched the Executive Development Sponsorship Program (EDSP).

EDSP builds on our culture of mentorship, with a lens towards equity, creating more opportunities for talent of diverse backgrounds and experiences to be successful at AbbVie.

Like mentorship, our sponsorship program format also engages a one on one partnership however, sponsorship is driven by the leader.

In addition, we have partnered with external resources in this space to provide a dynamic education and coaching experience for participants to enhance their skills in advocacy of talent and ways to support colleagues.

Neurodivergent sourcing NDWorks is an educational awareness campaign focused on recruiting, onboarding, and retaining neurodiverse talent and providing hiring managers and recruiters with additional tools to enable stronger engagement of neurodiverse talent.

We also offered learning sessions to employees to increase general awareness and understanding of neurodiversity in the workplace and to understand how a company culture can evolve to support neurodiverse candidates.

Executive Diversity Mentoring Program Our cornerstone Executive Diversity Mentoring Program (EDMP) pairs high performing talent (women and diverse talent) with AbbVie senior executive leaders for a one on one mentoring partnership over ten months.

Mentee driven development priorities fuel this program.

Mentees gain insight into executive level thinking and engage in direct dialogue with successful leaders and influencers.

Key outcomes from these interactions generally accelerate personal growth and provide meaningful career direction.

AbbVie publishes our EEO 1 U.S. workforce diversity data on our website.

AbbVie’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) strengthen our company culture and enrich our workplace by promoting awareness and helping foster a diverse and inclusive environment.

They help to create an important sense of community and support for one another.

Each year, the AbbVie Foundation provides each ERG with a 100,000 grant to distribute to non profit partners.

Giving back is at the core of who we are at AbbVie.

Our giving culture is reflected in our philanthropy programs and grants, and the ways our employees support communities through donations and volunteering across the world.

Both AbbVie and the AbbVie Foundation a non profit 501(c)(3) aim to empower, listen to, and collaborate with our partners and communities to create long term, meaningful impact.

Build strong communities by collaborating with nonprofits that are advancing health equity and driving systemic change in communities around the world.

The AbbVie Foundation is dedicated to making a remarkable impact in communities around the world across these priority areas.

Partner organizations are supported based on consideration of a number of factors, including organization’s presence and trusted reputation in communities, understanding of local needs, demonstrated strength in advancing progress in the area of support, and capacity to absorb funding, implement scalable or replicable programs, and monitor and evaluate impact.

These considerations allow us to leverage our resources where they are needed most and where they can have the most impact.

The AbbVie Foundation is governed by the AbbVie Foundation board of directors and officers of the foundation and is managed by AbbVie’s Global Philanthropy team.

We continually evaluate and refine our grant making processes, metrics and evaluations systems, and the impact progress made through our donations to ensure our community investments have the greatest impact.

In compliance with AbbVie Foundation grant making policies and bylaws, a proposed budget with recommended grantees and funding levels is submitted for approval to the AbbVie Foundation board on an annual basis.

The progress of multi year grants is tracked throughout the year and reported each year, including through AbbVie’s annual ESG Action Report.

In 2020, AbbVie pledged a 50 million, five year commitment to six nonprofit partners advancing health and education equity in Black and other marginalized communities.

The first year of our commitment focused on working with our partners to set their programs' foundation.

In the second year, we focused on making progress toward the commitment to accelerate measurable outcomes in health, education and workforce disparities.

AbbVie Foundation's six racial equity partners, Direct Relief, National Urban League, Providence St. Mel, United Negro College Fund, Urban Health Initiative and Year Up, have made significant strides in the first two years of partnership.

Explore some of their key accomplishments and learnings in this story.

Baylor College of Medicine International (BIPAI) Pediatric AIDS Initiative With AbbVie Foundation’s support, BIPAI is enabling comprehensive HIV care, treatment, prevention, testing and psychosocial support for over 25,000 children and adults in Romania and Malawi, contributing towards the 95 95 95 targets set by UNAIDS to end the AIDS epidemic by 2030.

AbbVie Foundation continued to support these programs in 2022, as well as supporting BIPAI’s network in Botswana, Lesotho, Eswatini, Tanzania and Uganda to promote the exchange of best practices, strengthening skills and fostering collaboration across their global network.

Academic Model Providing Access to Healthcare With AbbVie Foundation support, AMPATH works to improve the health of hard to reach populations in western Kenya through an integrated care model that enhances access to high quality care, addresses social determinants of health and supports Kenya’s goal to create a universal health coverage system.

In 2022, AMPATH implemented a program to support approximately 70,000 low income participants and families needing healthcare to gain the financial capacity to access services.

Partners In Health (PIH) PIH’s innovative community health programs are strengthening the capacity of healthcare providers and improving access to and quality of care for nearly 85,000 people in Chiapas, Mexico.

In 2022, AbbVie Foundation’s support enabled PIH to serve an estimated 1,100 patients with chronic diseases and provided training and support to 90 community health workers and 25 health professionals.

PIH also expanded a home visiting screening program, where community health workers visit homes to provide preventive care and services to high risk patients.

Our community partners are advancing health equity for marginalized populations and patients worldwide through community centered programs that drive systemic change.

United Negro College Fund, Inc. (UNCF) AbbVie Foundation’s support empowered UNCF to launch and scale its Healthcare Diversity Workforce Program, a comprehensive healthcare professionals pipeline program to prepare and motivate Black individuals to pursue a wide variety of careers in healthcare.

Since 2021, the program has awarded scholarships and support services to 557 students.

This program reduces barriers to advancement in health professions and increases the number of Black professionals in healthcare careers.

A diverse healthcare workforce improves access to quality care for marginalized populations.

Direct Relief’s Fund for Health Equity With a significant seed donation from the AbbVie Foundation, Direct Relief’s Fund for Health Equity was launched in 2021.

This initiative is centered on improving care and addressing health inequities in Black and other marginalized communities across the United States.

Over the past two years, AbbVie’s donation enabled the Fund to award 20 grants to community health centers, free and charitable clinics and other nonprofit organizations that work towards eliminating health disparities through non clinical interventions.

In that time, the grantees funded by AbbVie Foundation served over 14,000 patients, of which 46% were Black and 31% were Hispanic Latinx.

University of Chicago Urban Health Initiative Health disparities persist for Black Chicagoans and widen further when comparing specific neighborhoods.

As of 2019, the life expectancy gap between the downtown Streeterville area and Englewood, a South Side neighborhood just a few miles away, was 30 years.

With AbbVie Foundation’s support, the University of Chicago’s Urban Health Initiative (UHI) is working to lower health disparities through its Liaison in Care (LinC) program.

Since LinC launched in 2021 in Chicago’s South Side, 13 full time community health workers directly funded through AbbVie’s partnership, and additional 10 community health workers funded through grants to local organizations, have helped over 27,000 residents navigate care and connect to relevant health and social service resources proven to measurably reduce health disparities.

One of the most significant accomplishments made during this time is expanding support for patients with conditions that have not typically had access to community health workers.

We've leveraged community health workers to help patients transition into care at that next level.

Through ongoing engagement, we've seen reduced emergency room visits and hospitalizations, and patients getting the care they need.

Our community partners are advancing equity in education by addressing systemic barriers to advancement and empowering students and young adults from under resourced schools and communities.

Through both our support and private public partnership, these partners provide counseling and tutoring services, programming to improve graduation rates and reduce dropout rates, strengthen college and career readiness and provide skills based training.

North Chicago Community Partners (NCCP) With AbbVie Foundation’s support, NCCP provides the needed academic, emotional and physical support to students to help them reach their fullest potential.

NCCP works alongside North Chicago teachers to provide individualized literacy support to students four days per week for 74 students.

In 2022, NCCP’s signature After School Enrichment Program provided academic support for participating students, as well as access to enrichment activities, such as athletics, art, STEM, movement dance, cooking and robotics.

City Year AbbVie’s partnership with City Year is helping to strengthen communities, advance educational equity and give young people the opportunity to reach their full potential.

AbbVie’s donation enabled City Year to scale programs nationally to increase math and literacy support in low income schools and among at risk students.

Over that time, City Year reached over 1,000,000 students across over 300 under resourced schools.

Year Up Job skills training and internships can create a pathway for youth to achieve economic mobility.

However, research shows that only 59.5% of Black students and 53.3% of Latinx students participate in internships, compared to 68.2% of White students.

To bring more equitable access to these opportunities and to support the achievement of young people from marginalized populations, in 2020 AbbVie Foundation committed 10 million to Year Up’s training and internship program.

The program gives young adults technical and professional skills and real world work experience so they can achieve economic mobility.

In the past two years, with AbbVie Foundation support, Year Up has served close to 3,500 young adults in Boston, the Bay Area, Chicago and New York New Jersey.

National Urban League (NUL) Mentorship can play a key role in advancing equity in education and helping youth to reach their full potential.

In 2020, AbbVie Foundation made a 7 million commitment to Project Ready Mentor, NUL’s signature mentorship program.

Project Ready Mentor supports 11 to 18 year old urban youth who are particularly vulnerable to disengagement from school, communities and the workforce.

AbbVie Foundation’s support to date has enabled NUL to scale up Project Ready Mentor across 17 U.S. cities and leverage nearly 300 mentors to support over 2,000 youth.

At each step of our partnership with the AbbVie Foundation, there’s been reciprocal, transparent learning.

Communities in Schools (CIS) Communities in Schools works to surround students with a community of support, empowering them to excel in the classroom and in life.

Over our four year partnership which completed in 2022, AbbVie’s investment made it possible for CIS to provide essential support services to over 260,300 students at 164 new schools.

Providence St. Mel School Through its partnership with AbbVie Foundation, Providence St. Mel a predominantly Black preschool to 12th grade school in Chicago is expanding educational opportunities through scholarships.

Over the past two years, the school has awarded 32 scholarships to high school students living in Chicago’s south and west sides based on financial need and academic potential.

AbbVie Foundation support has also enabled the school to widely deploy its Academic Intervention Model, which is designed to help close the achievement gap by identifying, assessing and giving individualized support to students who would otherwise not have the opportunity to get a college education.

Girls Inc. Allergan Aesthetics, an AbbVie Company, and Girls Inc.

Partner to Bridge the Gender Gap in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math).

In 2022, Allergan Aesthetics announced its fourth consecutive year of partnership with Girls Inc. to support the engagement of high school aged girls interested in exploring a future in STEM.

AbbVie Immunology Scholarship The AbbVie Immunology Scholarship provides financial support to exceptional students living with immune mediated diseases and pursuing higher education in the United States.

Through this scholarship, AbbVie's passion for patient care is extended to empower students as they pursue a degree and a life not defined by their disease.

AbbVie awarded 45 scholarships for the 2022 2023 class.

AbbVie supports the communities in which we operate by contributing to local nonprofits and community programs that help to deliver services, programming and resources that address greatest need and advance community resiliency.

Highland Park Community Resiliency The AbbVie Foundation made a 500,000 donation to the Highland Park Community Foundation's July 4th Shooting Response Fund to support the local community as they responded to a mass shooting that occurred during an Independence Day parade in a community near AbbVie’s headquarters.

This local non profit organization is deeply embedded in the Highland Park community and immediately deployed resources to help victims' families and the broader community who were affected.

Hurricane Response in Puerto Rico In 2018, after hurricanes devastated Puerto Rico, AbbVie donated 100 million to support Direct Relief and Habitat for Humanity to strengthen community based health, improve access to housing, and build resilience to future natural disasters.

With AbbVie’s support, Habitat for Humanity has developed long term housing solutions, and between 2018 and 2022, repaired 632 homes of families affected by hurricanes, and trained nearly 2,000 people on the island in construction and home safety.

Direct Relief is helping to rebuild and strengthen Puerto Rico’s primary health care system, prioritizing community health centers and increasing access to renewable power sources, like water and solar, to better withstand power outages.

Since 2018, with AbbVie’s support, Direct Relief has provided 66 mobile units and off road vehicles to federally qualified health centers and local organizations, in addition to equipping 16 federally qualified health centers with solar power and installing 29 with solar water pumps.

Humanitarian Relief for Ukraine In 2022, the AbbVie Foundation donated a total of 1 million to International Medical Corps and Project Hope for medical care and supplies for Ukraine and Ukrainian refugees, and doubled its employee donation match for select disaster relief partners with active humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine and surrounding countries.

In addition to the monetary donation, we also donated essential medicines to the Ukrainian government and our disaster relief partners.

As part of our commitment to our employees, we provided relief and additional financial support as needed to Ukrainian employees and their immediate families.

The new Neal Math Science Academy is a recent example of AbbVie’s decade long and ongoing commitment to North Chicago and helping its young people to grow, learn, and reach their full potential.

Rebuilding North Chicago's Middle School Since our inception in 2013, AbbVie’s giving culture and commitment to addressing the unmet needs of communities has been reflected in our philanthropic support of transformative programs and partnerships with the community of North Chicago near our corporate headquarters in Illinois.

Over the last 10 years, AbbVie and AbbVie Foundation have donated more than 67 million to North Chicago nonprofit partners building community resiliency.

One of our most impactful and meaningful contributions with the local community was our 40 million donation to support the construction of a new Neal Math Science Academy, North Chicago’s only middle school.

Through our public private partnership, the school was designed with input from the district, staff, students and parents, resulting in a modernized learning environment that was co imagined with the community.

The new school will improve student success, graduation rates and college career readiness.

This is the beginning of a bright future so thank you again, AbbVie.

To everyone who was part of this experience, I promise we will appreciate this new opportunity and make you all very proud.

Employee Giving and Volunteering Serving our communities is core to AbbVie’s culture, and through the AbbVie Foundation’s suite of employee engagement programs focused on volunteering, giving, and support, we strive to encourage employees to serve our local communities.

Employee Giving The AbbVie Foundation’s giving and matching program matches employee donations 1:1, up to 5,000 per employee per year.

In 2022, more than 21,000 employees in more than 50 countries and territories raised 21.7 million (including the AbbVie’s Foundation’s match) for 12,600 charities around the world.

Funds raised in 2022, include 1.3 million from employee donations and 2:1 matching from the AbbVie Foundation to trusted partners providing humanitarian relief in Ukraine and surrounding areas.

In addition, as part of our Racial Equity philanthropic commitment, the AbbVie Foundation matches employee donations 3:1 for select civil rights nonprofits whose primary mission is to advance racial equity.

Since 2020, over 2.5 million has been raised through this effort to advance racial equity.

Employee Volunteering From corporate sponsored volunteer activities to our policy to enable employees two paid days off for personal volunteering, we serve our local communities through volunteering.

Learn more about the volunteer work that AbbVie's scientists are doing to combat neglected tropical diseases in the Product Innovation section, and about our global Week of Possibilities and AbbVie’s legal staff’s pro bono work below.

Week of Possibilities: After a two year hiatus due to.

COVID, we relaunched our annual Week of Possibilities in 2022, AbbVie’s signature global employee community service event, in more than 50 countries and territories.

Over 13,000 AbbVie employees volunteered in over 290 projects.

Week of Possibilities was one of the first large scale events to help bring together legacy AbbVie and legacy Allergan employees.

Our collective impact resulted in more than 45,000 volunteer hours dedicated to benefit schools, local communities, environmental projects, Ukrainian refugees and more.

We are humbled to be consistently recognized as a company that delivers on its giving promises.

The 2022 Week of Possibilities was awarded the Corporate CSR Program of the Year by PRNEWS, and 3BL Media ranked us among the 100 Best Corporate Citizens.

Immigrant Justice Center, a leading nonprofit providing legal services to immigrants and asylum seekers, awarded AbbVie its Human Rights Corporate Award recognizing the work of AbbVie attorneys and legal staff who have devoted hundreds of hours to represent asylum seekers fleeing political, religious and gender persecution since 2018.

To date, eight asylum seekers have been granted asylum or protected status through this effort.

Our legal teams continue to work with the remaining clients who await decisions.

We are proud of the ongoing contributions of our legal volunteers and the life altering results of their work.

Employee Support AbbVie Vitality's Employee Assistance Program (EAP) is available to all AbbVie employees, their dependents and household members.

The program provides mental health support, community referrals to legal and financial experts, trainings, critical incident support, webinars, people leader support and a comprehensive website.

In addition, the AbbVie Foundation Employee Assistance Program supports employees through its Possibilities Scholarship Program and the Employee Relief Program.

These programs offer support at two pivotal moments when a child goes to college and if a disaster or personal hardship strikes.

In 2022, 327 scholarships were awarded to students in 26 countries as part of the AbbVie Possibilities Scholarship Program, and over 2.2 million was provided in financial assistance to employees in 16 countries (including the U.S.) and 14 states in the United States as part of the Employee Relief Program.

Philanthropic donations are cash donations made by AbbVie Corporate and the AbbVie Foundation to recognized 501(c)(3) charitable organizations.

This donation amount excludes matching donations from AbbVie Foundation for employee donations made to disaster relief organizations.

AbbVie’s week long, in person volunteerism event, Week of Possibilities, was reintroduced in 2022 after a two year hiatus due to COVID 19.

Our board is committed to strong corporate governance to enhance long term shareholder value.

Ten of our eleven directors are independent, including the chairs and all members of the Audit, Compensation, Public Policy and Sustainability and Nominations and Governance Committees.

Since our inception, we have had a lead independent director with robust and specific responsibilities who ensures the appropriate mix of oversight and independence is applied to all board decisions.

This director is chosen by and from the independent members of the board.

Each board committee follows a charter that outlines its purpose, authority and responsibilities.

To ensure continued and effective oversight, the board and its committees annually conduct detailed, self evaluations.

The full board, led by the lead independent director, discusses these evaluations to determine what, if any, actions or improvements should be undertaken.

The board is also committed to AbbVie’s robust engagement with investors.

Our annual investor engagement program includes outreach to shareholders representing over 40% of outstanding shares to seek feedback on AbbVie’s practices.

This feedback is used to continually improve our internal governance practices and disclosures.

Our success as a company has come from a solid foundation of strong governance practices and by building a culture of ethical behavior while minimizing business risk.

We hold our employees to the highest expectations of business ethics.

By acting with integrity, we aim to earn the trust of our patients, business partners and other stakeholders.

Beyond abiding by applicable laws, regulations, and normative guidance, we have a comprehensive corporate governance framework, internal controls, and systems for risk management.

We have also embedded human rights and ethical conduct considerations, as well as supply chain and stakeholder engagement into our decision making across all levels of the organization.

As we value transparency and accountability at AbbVie, we continually take steps to enhance our non financial reporting every year.

AbbVie is committed to a board with diversity of thought, experiences, identities and perspectives.

We believe that diversity on the board, and throughout our workforce, strengthens AbbVie’s business and the oversight of the company.

Diversity, including diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age and geography, is an integral factor in identifying prospective directors.

In the process of nominating an individual to serve as a member of the board, the Nominations and Governance Committee considers the existing board’s diversity and assesses the effectiveness of the recruitment process in achieving a diverse board.

Currently, 27% of our board identify as women and 18% identify as ethnically or racially diverse.

From strong corporate governance to the highest standards in quality, compliance, safety and performance, we strive to always do the right thing.

To make a positive, long term impact for patients, we aspire to earn and maintain their trust by acting with integrity in everything we do.

We pride ourselves on our unwavering principles and our commitment, knowing not only is it the right thing to do, but it also ensures the resiliency of our business and our long term success.

We comply with legal, industry and relevant institutions’ requirements regarding the interaction of our employees with health care professionals and organizations.

We also pursue the highest standards often exceeding legal and regulatory requirements in quality, safety, compliance and performance.

By practicing integrity in our workplace, our industry, the marketplace and in the community, we can pursue our passion for developing and marketing products that improve worldwide health.

We act as one AbbVie team to make good decisions, speak up and encourage open communication, remain respectful of other perspectives, protect our employees and our environment, and support employee privacy.

All employees are expected to lead and foster a culture of ethical and compliant behavior.

To ensure we realize this goal, AbbVie’s Office of Ethics and Compliance (OEC) focuses on the development, oversight and enhancement of our compliance program, and provides dedicated support to AbbVie’s leaders, employees and businesses.

AbbVie’s Global Compliance Insights Forum (GCIF) assists in the implementation of our Global Compliance Program.

The GCIF is chaired by the CECO, includes senior level leaders, and is accountable directly to the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.

Periodic GCIF meetings are held to discuss compliance matters, including adherence to legal and regulatory obligations and commitments, assessment of our compliance program, changes in the legal and regulatory environment, risk areas and best practices, and improvements to the program.

Outside the United States, our Affiliate Compliance Program is managed by local Affiliate Compliance Committees, which are composed of country level General Managers and senior leadership.

Working in alignment with OEC staff at corporate headquarters who provide oversight and guidance, the Affiliate Compliance Committees are responsible for the day to day function of the compliance program, including program education and training, monitoring compliance of and revising policies and procedures, providing guidance to local employees.

The committees meet on a regular basis to discuss emerging issues and work with the OEC staff as new compliance and awareness programs implemented.

To make a positive, long term impact for patients, we earn and maintain their trust by acting with integrity in everything we do.

The foundation of our uncompromising integrity is our Code of Business Conduct, on which employees must be trained and with which they agree to comply on an annual basis.

Through this Code, our employees have multiple avenues for the anonymous reporting of suspected or actual ethical violations.

We promptly review and respond to every allegation.

Our Code applies to all employees globally and is available in 31 languages.

Complementing the Code of Business conduct are business level policies, procedures and training that address a variety of compliance related topics such as responsible advertising and promotion, appropriate development and use of customer facing material and prohibition of promoting for off label uses.

AbbVie’s workplace environment supports a culture where employees can raise questions and concerns, helping us advance our commitment to ethical behavior.

We have established systems and processes for all employees to anonymously ask questions and report suspected or actual violations of our Code, policies and procedures.

We offer various reporting opportunities to employees, such as our Ethics and Compliance Helpline, a telephone and web based hotline that is available 24 7 and can be used anonymously, where permitted by law.

Employees may also contact the Office of Ethics and Compliance or Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer directly.

Allegations are promptly reviewed and investigated.

If we find that violations have occurred, we take corrective or disciplinary action as appropriate, up to and including terminating employees and or supplier relationships.

We do not tolerate retaliation against anyone who makes a good faith report.

Beyond our Code, our comprehensive policies, procedures, and training programs help our employees and contingent workers comply with applicable laws, regulations, and industry codes as well as our internal standards and expectations for responsible conduct.

Our risk assessment process drives prioritization and focus on the areas of risk most relevant for our business.

We comply with current regulations and continuously monitor globally for pending regulations.

Global Healthcare Compliance Policies We know that setting rules is not enough which is why we emphasize values based decision making and provide clear and comprehensible policies and procedures that help our employees understand how to do the right thing.

Our policy framework includes our Global Requirements, which set forth high level and value based enterprise standards on topics such as interactions with external stakeholders, research related activities, external funding, transfers of value, professional services and company initiated meetings and events.

These Global Requirements support our Code in our workplace policy framework and apply to all business units and affiliates.

Our procedures also provide more detail on select topics where necessary.

Our enterprise policy platform provides a mobile accessible and globally available searchable library for all enterprise healthcare compliance policies and procedures.

Training Programs As part of our process of continuously improving our training tools to further enhance compliance across the enterprise, we deploy a virtual training program and platform, which provides greater clarity and alignment of our training subject areas to our Code, and newly updated e training modules, as well as accessible tools and resources to reinforce learning.

Our training approach for our annual bi annual enterprise training is targeted based on function, location and job responsibilities, as employees take mandatory training on relevant topics such as anti corruption, antibribery, conflicts of interest and more.

All full and part time new hires complete a new Foundations to Compliance course, which addresses key laws and requirements such as fraud and abuse, anti bribery and anti corruption, transparency and transfers of value, and responsible promotion.

We also regularly evaluate the effectiveness of our enterprise compliance training through knowledge test results and qualitative survey responses providing insights on learner satisfaction and comprehension.

We also conduct live training programs, where appropriate, using a situational business compliance case study format on relevant scenarios derived from recent investigations, audits, monitoring and other real life situations, to reinforce compliance concepts relevant to our business.

Compliance Risk Assessment In 2022, our Compliance Global Risk Assessment process included participation and input from all of AbbVie’s affiliates globally.

This risk assessment process is a flexible and iterative program designed to assess on an ongoing basis on risks specific to the pharmaceutical and life sciences compliance purview (e.g., Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, False Claims Act, Anti Kickback Statute).

The process includes establishing an annual risk landscape by deploying questionnaires to our business requesting information on product and business activity risks, collecting relevant data (e.g., audit results), and following up with validation interviews.

Our risk assessment results and mitigation plans are formally documented twice a year and are used to drive our ethics and compliance strategic imperatives, goal setting, and encourage risk based allocation of resources, while cross functional partnership with business partners helps to provide continuous insight into the evolving risk landscape.

The risk assessment and resulting mitigation plans are designed to be adjusted to address evolving risk.

Using a proactive, risk based approach yields tangible results providing relevant feedback to our business partners and other areas of our integrated Compliance program.

Driving Compliance and Ethical Culture Outside of typical channels, we take opportunities to reinforce an overall culture of ethics and compliance across our organization.

In 2022, we launched a bespoke initiative themed Acting with Integrity across our international affiliates, with multiple interactive sessions and interviews with senior leaders, tailored to the needs of each market, re emphasizing AbbVie’s core belief that all employees are expected to act, lead and foster a culture of ethical and compliant behavior and speak up if they have any concerns.

We believe in the inherent dignity of every human being.

We uphold and respect individual rights as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which focuses on preventing, mitigating and remedying any adverse human rights impacts across our value chain.

Our Commitment to Human Rights and the Code of Business Conduct describes the ways in which we ensure respect for all people, including our employees, contractors, suppliers and patients.

We prohibit child labor, forced labor, involuntary labor, human trafficking and unfair wages and benefits from our own operations and within our supply chain.

We do not tolerate harassment, discrimination or intimidation of any kind and are committed to maintaining a work environment free from intimidation, violence, or threats of violence.

Additionally, our Global Privacy Policy protects the personal information of our employees, patients and customers.

We comply with each country’s labor laws and respect our employees’ rights to collective bargaining and freedom of association.

In countries with collective bargaining agreements, we have regular conversations with representatives to maintain an open dialogue.

Twenty four percent of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

In Europe, our AbbVie European Employee Forum represents more than 10,000 employees and provides a forum to share information and build constructive dialogue with employee representatives across the region’s countries.

AbbVie is dedicated to developing a consistent stream of innovative and impactful new medicines through methods that reflect our strong commitment to the responsible treatment of animals.

Safety and efficacy validation of new therapeutics often requires assessment in animal models, and we comply with regulatory agency requirements across the globe.

Underlying all we do is the firm belief that good science and superior animal care are inseparable, and animal research is applied only when alternatives will not provide the data necessary to discover and develop safe and effective medicines.

AbbVie’s innovative, AAALAC accredited animal programs are supported by technical staff with state of the art training to achieve certification in research animal care, veterinarians who are boarded specialists in the care of research species, an active Executive Animal Committee and Global Animal Welfare Program.

Central to our research philosophy is a commitment to the internationally accepted principles of the 3Rs (refinement, reduction, replacement), which is demonstrated through our many ongoing efforts to refine practices to minimize potential for pain and or distress, reduce the number of animals required to achieve research objectives, and replace animal studies with non animal models or insentient species.

The formation of a centralized Microphysiological Systems (MPS) Working Group to help advance development and internal application of these in vitro models.

Establishing of a multidisciplinary Global Digital.

Continued optimization and integration of other innovative scientific approaches in our programs including, but not limited to, the use of 3D printed anatomic models and artificial tissues to replace in vivo animal models.

Incorporation of specialists and specialized teams who further advance our progress in animal care and alternatives is also an essential element of our daily practices.

For example, our Animal Behavioralist works with our Enrichment Committee to manage an industry leading program for animal care with creative integration of novel enrichment and species appropriate housing and socialization approaches.

Collectively, AbbVie’s teams represent the inspiration for and success of our progressive approach to preclinical research.

In 2022, 56 AbbVie colleagues were recognized through our internal 3Rs Recognition Program for implementing animal welfare refinements, advanced technologies, improved modeling, and non animal in vitro and in silico platforms that reduce the number of animals required and, where appropriate, replace animal use.

In addition, following the 10 year anniversary of our award winning canine socialization and play programs in 2021, volunteers throughout the company continue to show enthusiastic devotion to the socialization, outdoor exercise, enrichment, and pre adoption acclimation of our valuable research animals.

Next year, we will celebrate AbbVie’s 25 years of research animal adoptions.

In 2011, AbbVie’s animal welfare team had a vision that transcended our regulatory obligations.

The goal was to develop a dog socialization program that would give our beagles the opportunity to interact with people and other beagles in a novel, recreational environment.

In addition to the positive impact on our canine friends, this program also elevates employee morale, with over 150 dedicated AbbVie volunteers actively engaged.

Since 1999, AbbVie has also facilitated hundreds of happy dog adoptions.

In our public policy engagements, we are transparent and compliant with our Code of Business Conduct.

We pursue and advocate for policies that benefit patients, with a focus on improving access to medical advances and providing life changing products to the patients who need them most.

AbbVie makes extensive disclosures regarding our political activities and political contributions as required by law and voluntarily discloses additional related information on our website.

We have been recognized as a first tier company, providing the highest level of political transparency and accountability, in the CPA Zicklin Index from 2014 2022.

We take an enterprise wide approach to risk management at AbbVie.

Our board of directors regularly review enterprise risks, and our cross functional leaders provide regular reports on their areas of responsibility.

Specific identified risks are overseen by AbbVie’s Risk Management and Global Security teams.

Our Executive Crisis Management Team anticipates and mitigates internal and external business risks.

This team, led by our Executive VP of Operations, and consisting of functional leaders from across the enterprise, assess each area of our business considering economic, environmental, and other risks with potential impacts to our patients, facilities, employees and partners, supply chains.

With these inputs we establish risk management strategies and formal plans, and routinely review and adjust plans to improve effectiveness and precautionary measures.

To better prepare for the variety of risks that AbbVie faces, our Global Security team conducts annual training by simulating risk scenarios for our global and local Crisis Action Teams (CATs).

In 2022, we focused trainings on ten topics to increase the team’s preparedness and resiliency for both expected and unexpected crisis events, including hurricane, earthquake and other natural disasters, fires, explosions, environmental incidents, regional conflicts, cyber events, active assailants, as well as product issues.

In 2022, our global COVID 19 task force officially disbanded however, local and functional CATs continued to closely monitor and respond to any risks associated with the pandemic.

Additionally, many resources we provided during the COVID 19 pandemic remain available to our employees.

We perform brand supply risk assessments for strategic and other large brands on an annual or biannual basis.

These assessments include the risk of catastrophic events, and brand supply teams develop mitigation plans based on the findings.

We continued the integration of AbbVie and Allergan privacy programs in 2022.

The global privacy team developed a review program to emphasize the importance of properly classifying and protecting AbbVie data, as well as deployed and improved our global data subject request tool.

We developed a privacy ambassador program to support privacy across different affiliates by helping to create a culture of privacy and ensure that privacy is a priority globally.

We have developed an internal program to monitor, assess and implement significant data privacy regulations with an enhanced focus in 2022 on key geographies, specifically China and the United States.

AbbVie's Privacy Center was launched as an innovative and interactive support tool, centralizing AbbVie’s Privacy and Data Protection Protocols for data subjects (e.g.

HCPs, patients, customers, clinical investigators and staff and online users) and affiliates.

It supports AbbVie’s legal responsibility and the company’s commitment to privacy and transparency about personal data processing.

Users can easily learn how we use their data and how we maintain the proper controls to safeguard their data.

The Privacy Center enables website owners in our affiliates to embed the notices in a compliant and agile manner to improve the user experience.

We are persistently working toward ensuring that AbbVie programs continue to meet worldwide privacy obligations and ethical responsibilities concerning the processing of personal data for the purpose of carrying out our business activities.

Establish an enterprise privacy strategy, policies and governance framework, which includes defining the roles and responsibilities, identifying risks, assessing AbbVie's privacy posture, and establishing a culture of privacy.

Incorporate privacy into the design and development of applications and services, including considering privacy implications at the outset of projects and implementing privacy enhancing technologies.

Manage personal data throughout its lifecycle, from collection to deletion.

This includes developing processes for data mapping, information security, data classification, data retention, disclosure of data to third parties (including compliance with cross border data regulations) and secure disposal.

Respect the rights of individuals to control their personal data.

This includes establishing procedures for managing data subject requests and improving transparency through consents and privacy notices standardized globally.

Develop and implement procedures to respond cross functionally with Legal Privacy and CSIRT teams to data breaches, including notifying affected individuals and regulators when necessary.

Develop and implement privacy training programs for employees, contractors and other stakeholders.

This includes raising awareness of privacy risks and best practices and ensuring that all stakeholders understand and comply their privacy obligations.

AbbVie’s cybersecurity program is business aligned, risk focused and multi faceted to protect the company and our patients’ data.

The cybersecurity program is also designed to ensure AbbVie and its affiliates are secure and are compliant with applicable regulations.

Oversight of our cybersecurity strategy is the responsibility of AbbVie's Chief Information Security Officer, who provides updates in metrics and performance to the Audit Committee on a periodic basis.

The Chief Information Security Officer also provides update to the full board of directors at least annually.

AbbVie uses the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework, which is rated every two years by an independent audit, with 2022 being the most recent year that a benchmark was completed.

In 2022, we created a Threat Intelligence function that actively looks for risks that target the pharmaceutical industry or AbbVie specifically.

Our Business Technology Solutions team conducts cybersecurity awareness training across the entire employee network that focuses on educating employees how to identify and report cyber threats.

Training programs are conducted on a monthly basis and are focused on giving employees tools to manage the most relevant and prevalent cybersecurity risks, such as phishing.

In 2022, phishing targets and trainings were translated into multiple languages to better prepare those high risk geographies in the AbbVie network.

This platform integrates indicators of supply chain risk across eight different risk domains to assess areas of risk within our supplier base.

All this enables us to proactively identify signals of potential risk in our supplier network beyond our controls and relationship management protocols.

Our Quality and Environmental Health and Safety teams also conduct regular and detailed assessments of our suppliers.

In 2022, AbbVie developed a cross functional Global Environmental and Supplier Sustainability Council that meets every other month.

This cross functional council advances alignment on sustainability initiatives to support and strengthen AbbVie’s commitment to reducing carbon emissions with our suppliers.

Across all these controls, we work closely with our key suppliers on an ongoing basis, so we can continuously improve our relationships while driving assurance of on time, high quality materials and services globally.

We consider our suppliers to be an extension of our business.

Because AbbVie delivers critical, lifesaving and impactful medicine to patients, building and maintaining a stable supply chain is important to us and our stakeholders.

To achieve this, we require all critical suppliers to be able to deliver quality materials, services and products on time.

Our approach to assuring our supply chain starts with critical supplier identification, first by identifying which AbbVie brands have single or sole source suppliers and understanding what mitigations are in place.

We also take into consideration important materials or services that are patient facing and suppliers that provide materials to multiple key AbbVie brands.

Additionally, we take into consideration suppliers that provide materials or services that are technically complex and or difficult to substitute.

Quality assessments and audits are then performed for identified critical suppliers to review operations from a risk perspective.

Our supply chain is constantly monitored and assessed for sustainability risks, such as long term risks posed from climate change, and sudden geopolitical risks such as rolling blackouts in parts of Europe in 2022 due to the energy crisis.

For some critical sites in Europe in AbbVie’s own operations, generators and more energy efficient boilers were installed in 2022 to reduce the impact of power outages.

In 2022, once again we made our products available to our patients over 99% of the time.

We purchased goods and services valued at more than 15 billion from over 62,000 suppliers across 134 countries in 2022.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct defines our expectations for all suppliers doing business with AbbVie, and we expect all suppliers to understand and comply with the principles, guidelines, and expectations set forth in the Code.

While our suppliers are fully responsible for the quality of their products and services and the safety and security of their supply chain, we mandate that all AbbVie suppliers maintain a Quality Management System that assures consistent conformance of their products and services to our specified requirements.

This encompasses product quality, labor practices, worker health and safety, availability and security, ethics and environmental stewardship.

We prioritize our supplier management activities by identifying critical suppliers based on product quality, safety, efficacy, availability and patient experience.

We then establish supplier management controls based on a supplier’s criticality classification.

For our most business critical suppliers, we require enhanced controls and close involvement of AbbVie experts.

AbbVie conducts assessments and audits of our critical suppliers to ensure suppliers uphold our standards.

Our cross functional Global Crisis Action Team met bi weekly in 2022 to review ongoing supplier risks globally.

Critical suppliers undergo an audit at least once every three years to ensure that our standards are met regarding the efficacy, safety, availability of supply and patient experience.

If any suppliers have been assessed to be at a higher risk, we will conduct more frequent audits and provide improvement plans to those suppliers.

We conduct initial risk assessments by reviewing supplier business continuity plans (BCPs) to understand how ready suppliers are for a variety of potential crises.

We work together with suppliers to develop and augment BCPs and can assist in hosting training events, such as specific types of crisis training.

These strong, proactive measures help to ensure operational maintenance while nurturing relationships across our supply chain.

Our Supplier Sustainability Program requires our suppliers to maintain fair labor practices, foster worker safety, actively assess and manage risks and maintain environmentally responsible manufacturing processes.

We outline our expectations and requirements to our suppliers through our Supplier Code of Conduct.

In 2022, AbbVie’s Environmental and Supplier Sustainability Survey garnered a 57% response rate from our suppliers and partners.

The results from this survey allow us to better understand our suppliers’ ESG efforts, specifically on topics including their environmental sustainability programs and metrics, labor practices and policies, ethical conduct practices and cybersecurity procedures.

The survey results enable us to proactively work with our suppliers on establishing higher standards or to conduct trainings on specific topics of interest and or need.

Additionally, the survey results are used to verify alignment with our Supplier Code of Conduct to ensure compliance and to avoid conflicts with our Supplier Sustainability Program.

Supporting diverse suppliers, including underrepresented populations, women, military veterans, and the disabled community, is important to AbbVie’s EEDI strategy.

In 2022, we spent over 897 million working with approximately 2,425 small and diverse businesses in the United States and Puerto Rico.

Our Supplier Diversity Program enhances our competitiveness in the market by advancing opportunities to partner with small, woman and minority owned businesses.

Our Diverse Supplier Mentoring program, in partnership with the Diversity Alliance for Science, provides business owners with tools, resources and counsel.

We also sponsor and provide scholarships for our diverse suppliers to participate in entrepreneurial education programs and conferences.

We take a broad and active approach to connecting with these businesses and further developing our diverse supplier network.

AbbVie representatives participate in a variety of U.S. based educational events such as our Supplier Diversity Awareness week, held during Small Business Week international outreach events matchmaking events trade fairs and conferences.

Our Supplier Diversity Program is a crucial part of the competitiveness in our supply chain.

Our reach goes beyond the business to the business partner.

Developing sustainable, diverse business relationships enhances business and surrounding communities and enables us to address some of the world's most pressing health challenges.

Supplier Diversity Awareness Week, an internal AbbVie event to raise awareness and educate employees on Supplier Diversity Economic Inclusion (SDEI), was held in May 2022 during the U.S. National Small Business Week.

Showcasing internal collaboration, the event was co sponsored by all AbbVie Employee Resource Groups.

AbbVie has adopted processes that help maintain the data integrity of its ESG disclosures.

Our ESG Council, Internal Audit teams, and other executive leadership review the content of the annual ESG Action Report.

Additionally, AbbVie has partnered with a third party, cloud based ESG reporting software provider to enhance our ESG data collection and governance.

This software platform allows for automated data collection, acts as a centralized data repository, provides quality assurance processes such as audit trails, generates reporting and monitors ESG questionnaire updates.

AbbVie is committed to continually improving existing processes and implementing new procedures to further improve our ESG disclosures.

Learn more about AbbVie’s Positions and Views on key issues that affect our business, patients, employees and stakeholders.

AbbVie’s first 10 years as an independent company has been marked by its remarkable impact on people’s lives and ability to advance groundbreaking science to address medical challenges.

Discovering and developing innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues while striving to be the industry leader in designing inclusive clinical research programs through unparalleled partnerships with diverse patients and healthcare providers.

Attracting and developing diverse talent as a source of innovation.

Partnering and collaborating with healthcare systems, diverse suppliers and community organizations to deliver effective medicines and supportive strategies that advance science, improve health outcomes and strengthen our collective impact.

Our existing portfolio and promising pipeline of new medicines and treatments provide us with a strong outlook for 2023 and beyond.

We will continue to innovate with integrity and intention to advance the long term health of our patients, our people and our planet.

We consistently evaluate how AbbVie’s operations and long term outlook contribute to the international sustainable development agenda, particularly the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (the SDGs).

These goals were created to help solve the world’s toughest challenges such as poverty, inequality and climate change by the year 2030.

Internal analysis of our operations and activities with the SDGs in mind has enabled us to create positive synergies and conditions that can address several developmental challenges such as taking action on climate change, ensuring healthy lives and promoting well being for all.

We believe our ESG Framework is well aligned with the global goals, and we will continue to innovate our operations to demonstrate our support for tackling these compelling issues in coming years.

In 2021, we identified ten SDGs that align closely with our actions.

In 2022, we took a step further to map out how our material drivers align with relevant SDG targets and indicators and have indicated our annual contributions as shown below.

Support non profit partners in providing comprehensive HIV care, treatment, prevention and testing for over 25,000 children and adults in Romania and Malawi.

More details in the Strengthening Healthcare Systems section of this Report.

Contributed over 16,000 research hours in 2022 on NTDs.

More details in the Neglected Tropical Disease section of this Report.

Collaborating with health organizations to develop medicines that target treatments for cancer and other diseases.

More details in the Global Access to Medicines and Product Innovation section of this Report.

Our community partners are advancing equity in education by addressing systemic barriers to advancement and empowering students and young adults from under resourced schools and communities.

More details in the Community Partner Engagement section of this Report.

More details in the Human Capital Management section of this Report.

More details in the Environmental Sustainability section of this report.

Adjusted research and development investment is a non GAAP measure, which is reconciled in the Appendix.

More details in the Climate Action section of this Report.

Sum of Absolute Total Non Renewable Energy Consumption and Absolute Total Renewable Energy Consumption Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Sum of Purchased and Self Generated Renewable Electricity 4Updates were made to the 2021 energy values that were previously reported due to an audit of legacy Allergan data which resulted in changes to the values reported in our 2021 ESG Action Report.

In the 2021 ESG Action Report, our 2021 Adjusted Investment in R D was described as our R D expense which was a non GAAP measure and excluded specified items of 0.4B compared to the as reported GAAP measure of 6.9B.

In 2022, our Adjusted Investment in R D reflects adjusted non GAAP R D expense and acquired IPR D and milestones expense, which is reconciled in the Appendix.

The identified 2022 recall involved a Class II voluntary discontinuation and removal of parallel plate applicators through Zeltiq Aesthetics.

More information on this recall can be found on the FDA website.

This KPI does not include AbbVie Foundation or Corporate philanthropic grants or donations.

See Community Partner Engagement section for more details on AbbVie’s philanthropic efforts.

Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Product donations fluctuate year over year depending on needs (e.g.

Represents a new KPI in the 2022 ESG Action Report Includes VP level and above, including women who are member of AbbVie’s board of directors.

Does not include women who are members of AbbVie’s board of directors.

Includes women in manager level positions and above.

For consistency purposes, our 2021 metrics for these KPIs have been restated.

AbbVie publishes our EEO 1 U.S. workforce diversity data on our website.

The AbbVie Employee Survey is conducted every two years.

The survey was not conducted in 2022 but will be conducted again in 2023.

Philanthropic donations are cash donations made by AbbVie Corporate and the AbbVie Foundation to recognized 501 (c)(3) charitable organizations This donation amount excludes matching donations from AbbVie Foundation for employee donations made to disaster relief organizations AbbVie’s week long, in person volunteerism event, Week of Possibilities, was reintroduced in 2022 after a two year hiatus due to COVID 19.

This increase is due to the inclusion of 100,000 students reached through projects stemming from our Week of Possibilities volunteerism event that was relaunched after a two year hiatus due to COVID 19.

Contractors only include those individuals who are contingent temporary workers under AbbVie's direct supervision.

We require all our clinical studies to be conducted in a manner consistent with the ethical principles outlined in the World Medical Association’s Declaration of Helsinki and to adhere to applicable standards set by the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use.

This includes adherence to Good Clinical Practice, Good Laboratory Practice and Good Manufacturing Practice standards, which provide assurance that the rights, safety, well being and ethical treatment of trial participants are protected.

Conduct of Clinical Trials Post marketing Commitments Registration of protocols results reporting Clinical Trials Our Commitment to Bioethics.

U.S. Food Drug Administration Inspection Classification Database.

If there are material legal proceedings associated with clinical trials in developing countries and public disclosure criteria are met, details would be included in 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and in Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q.

At AbbVie, we believe patients need access to quality and affordable medicines.

We continuously strive to improve health outcomes and increase access to health care services and our medicines for patients around the world, including through agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool.

AbbVie partners with stakeholders on interventions to help build health care capacity, increase the quality and frequency of health worker training and educate patients about disease awareness, symptom management and treatment options.

Pricing and Access of our Innovative Medicines AbbVie Contribution to Combatting Neglected Tropical Diseases AbbVie MPP HCV Agreement AbbVie MPP HIV Agreement.

Please see the World Health Organization Prequalification of Medical Products for this list.

If there are material legal proceedings associated with ANDA litigation and public disclosure criteria are met, details would be included in 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and in Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q.

U.S. Food Drug Administration (FDA) Med Watch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products.

U.S Food Drug Administration (FDA)Adverse Event Reporting.

Learn about our system of standards, policies and procedures for product quality and safety in the Product Quality and Safety section of this report.

AbbVie participates with the Pharmaceutical Product Stewardship Work Group and its designated stewardship organization, MED Project, to adhere to state and local laws requiring pharmaceutical manufacturing companies to establish take back programs for the collection and disposal of unwanted medicines and sharps from households.

Specific risks are overseen by our Risk Management and Global Security teams.

Our Global Anti Counterfeiting Steering Committee is responsible for identifying and mitigating risks related to AbbVie medicines.

They coordinate proactive strategies for preventing counterfeiting and diversion of our medicines and conduct routine monitoring to identify signals of possible counterfeiting or diversion.

AbbVie has established and maintains systems for global reporting of events and deviations, including counterfeit products.

Any possible events will be submitted accurately and timely per the pertinent regulations.

If there are material legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims and public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings would be included in 2022 Annual Report Form 10 K.

AbbVie only promotes our pharmaceutical products for uses that have been approved or authorized by appropriate government or regulatory agencies.

AbbVie product claims are grounded in scientific evidence, accepted medical practice and government approved labeling rules in all countries where we operate.

We strive to ensure every employee is aware of, and has access to, opportunities for learning, growth and advancement.

We believe in self directed growth and development, where employees set the objectives that they want to achieve.

We supplement this individualized approach with company wide education and an investment in emerging leaders.

We also conduct annual Talent Management Reviews, driven from the organizational perspective and led by our leaders across all functions.

See the Attracting Talent and Learning and Leadership Development sections of this report for more details.

Additional data provided in the Talent Attraction, Retention and Development KPI table in the ESG Performance Metrics section of this report.

To prioritize our supplier management activities, AbbVie identifies critical suppliers.

This classification is based on multiple criteria, but the potential impact of a supplier on product quality, safety, efficacy, availability or patient experience is paramount.

Critical suppliers undergo an audit at least once every three years to ensure that our standards are met and if any suppliers have been assessed to be at a higher risk, we will conduct more frequent audits and provide improvement plans to those suppliers.

More details are provided in the Supply Chain Sustainability section of this report.

If there are material legal proceedings associated with corruption and bribery and public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses would be included in AbbVie’s 2022 Annual Report Form 10 K.

AbbVie is fair and open in our interactions with healthcare professionals.

AbbVie does not offer or give gifts or other items or services of value to earn favor for our products or to sway medical judgement.

AbbVie relies on product quality and health care outcomes to influence purchasing and prescribing practices.

More details are provided in the Business Ethics section of this report and in the AbbVie Code of Business Conduct.

AbbVie medicines and devices treat more than 75 conditions from the combined legacies of AbbVie and Allergan.

AbbVie's pipeline currently includes over 80 compounds, devices or indications in development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important specialties as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care.

Of these programs, more than 50 are in mid and late stage development.

More details about AbbVie’s products and pipeline can be found on our website.

Financial results are presented on both a reported and a non GAAP basis.

Reported results were prepared in accordance with GAAP and include all revenues and expenses recognized during the period.

Non GAAP results adjust for certain non cash items and for factors that are unusual or unpredictable, and exclude those costs, expenses, and other specified items.

AbbVie’s management believes non GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding AbbVie’s results of operations and assist management, analysts, and investors in evaluating the performance of the business.

Non GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

In 2022, AbbVie modified its presentation of non GAAP financial measures and began to include the impact of upfront and milestone payments related to collaborations, licensing agreements, and other asset acquisitions in its reported non GAAP financial measures.

Additionally, the Company changed its classification of development milestone expense in the consolidated statement of earnings.

Milestone payments incurred prior to regulatory approval, which were previously included in Research and development expense, are now be presented as Acquired IPR D and milestones expense.

The company believes this presentation will assist users of the financial statements to better understand the total upfront and subsequent development milestone payments incurred to acquire in process research and development projects.

Prior period results are revised to conform to the new presentation.

The 2016 specified revenue item represents prior period royalty revenue related to a patent lawsuit settlement.

The 2014 net revenue specified item reflects royalty income from prior periods recognized as a result of the settlement of a licensing arrangement.