Scientist Jan G. is shown working in Johnson Johnson’s molecule library, which stores more than 1.7 million unique compounds.

Our scientists can access this library to order compounds for R D activities at Johnson Johnson.

Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0 participants Ryan Randle, M.D., and Michelle Salazar, M.D., M.H.Sc., participate in a laparoscopic surgery hands on lab.

I am pleased that we ranked 2 on the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, which evaluates the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies on their efforts to distribute medicines to low and middle income countries.

We also exceeded our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal to support 1.3 million frontline health workers with tools and training.

Other initiatives include the Johnson Johnson Center for Health Worker Innovation, which has committed 15 million over three years to the Africa Frontline First Catalytic Fund to expand the professional workforce of community health workers in ten African countries.

Our continued focus on accelerating diversity, equity and inclusion outcomes helps us meet the changing needs of the communities we serve.

I am proud that we achieved our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of reaching 35 percent racial and ethnic diversity in U.S. management roles.

We are also on track to achieve gender parity for women in management positions around the world.

To upskill our employees, we launched J J Learn, a dynamic development ecosystem to ensure easy access to learning and growth opportunities.

We also enhanced mental health resources for our employees and their families.

Grounded in the belief that science and technology will advance healthcare more in this decade than in the last century, we invested nearly 15 billion in R D in 2022 and integrated digital capabilities into how we work.

Already, the use of data science in drug discovery has advanced our three treatments for multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer, providing transformational care for cancer patients.

Data science is also applied to our R D ecosystem of medical devices, software and robotics solutions, helping healthcare providers care for patients with greater precision and efficiency.

Following the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc., the world leader in heart recovery solutions, we are integrating their technology and expanding our leadership in cardiovascular care.

Technology is also helping our supply chain make leaps forward in productivity, efficiency and sustainability.

This fact was recognized by the World Economic Forum, which has granted 11 (three new in 2022) Lighthouse designations to our manufacturing facilities.

As we reflect on 2022’s accomplishments, we do so with an eye to a different but no less exciting future.

In 2023, we are on track to advance two global companies: Kenvue a new consumer health company and Johnson Johnson dedicated to Pharmaceutical and MedTech that will be uniquely positioned in a fast moving healthcare landscape.

In this report, you will discover many other insights about how Johnson Johnson is creating long term and sustainable value.

In the years to come, we are committed to lead and seize opportunities for humanity while following Our Credo values.

Joaquin Duato with Johnson Johnson colleagues attending the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in New Orleans, Louisiana.

In 2022, we secured a deal to source 100 percent renewable electricity for our operations in Brazil.

We also joined a collaboration of pharmaceutical companies to support ingredient suppliers’ efforts to decarbonize.

Safe Returns program to Switzerland, with plans to add more countries this year.

Also in Europe, we expanded our single use device hospital recycling program to eight countries.

In a world of opportunity and innovation, Johnson Johnson is committed to improving the health of people everywhere.

We are guided by Our Credo, a set of values that inspires our more than 153,000 employees to put the needs and well being of the people we serve first.

For 80 years, it has motivated us to solve complex health challenges with a spirit of innovation.

Improving the health for humanity is Our Purpose and shared responsibility.

I am honored as Chairman and CEO to continue this legacy.

Our solid financial performance in 2022 was driven by an industry leading portfolio of scientific and technological innovations that are reshaping many aspects of healthcare.

Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy underpins our business performance with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals as key performance indicators of our progress.

These frameworks guide our decisions and direct our positive contributions to society, the economy and sustainable development.

They also remind us how much more we can do for the world.

But the Board’s oversight and, at times, the responsibilities for our standing Committees, must evolve to meet our fiduciary obligations and the changing needs of the Company.

For example, in 2021, the Board formed a Special Committee to oversee the separation of the Consumer Health business, and this Special Committee remained active through 2022.

Operations Risk Officer and Executive Committee member, and overseen by the Board.

This type of oversight is not a new responsibility for our Board, and we view compliance and business opportunity as closely linked not in tension when it comes to our strategy.

Ethical and compliant conduct is the basis for a successful business and can be an enabler of opportunity by addressing ESG matters in a strategic and holistic way.

Anne M. Mulcahy, Lead Director of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, plays a pivotal role in ensuring our Board is deeply engaged with our ESG strategy and progress.

Anne shares some insights below in response to questions that reflect current interests of key stakeholders.

As a Board at the helm of a very dynamic organization, we are constantly evaluating how a changing world is affecting the Company’s business and how we as a Board must respond to both current and emerging challenges, and also to opportunities.

This was particularly true in 2022, as the Company navigated social unrest and conflict in many parts of the world, supply chain issues, increased inflation and interest rates, extreme weather events and more all while preparing for a successful separation of the Consumer Health business segment.

Johnson Johnson has long thrived in a changing environment the Company has been doing so for more than 135 years.

As the independent Lead Director for the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, I work closely with our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer as he focuses on the Company’s trajectory of long term growth.

Johnson Johnson has a longstanding commitment to creating long term value for all stakeholders both to mitigate risk and to explore and develop new business opportunities.

These responsibilities are outlined in the Company’s Credo, a set of business principles that have guided the Company for 80 years.

The Board’s understanding of and perspective on environmental, social and governance matters and their relevance to value creation has evolved significantly over the past several years, and we have taken many opportunities to engage with the business to help guide ESG considerations in decision making across many aspects of the Company’s activities.

For example, we supported the formalization of Johnson Johnson’s ESG strategy in 2022 and monitored progress on the ESG strategy aligned Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

This plays out in the integration of global health equity a core ESG key focus area in different business processes.

For example, Janssen, the Company’s pharmaceutical business, actively addresses health inequities by improving diverse recruitment for clinical trials and supporting the next generation of underrepresented diverse physicians.

Advancing environmental health is another ESG priority, and J J MedTech, is advancing circularity by partnering with hospitals in Europe to recycle metal and plastic components from single use surgical instruments.

The program is currently active in eight countries.

We’re very excited about these projects, and more like them are underway.

We have taken many opportunities to engage with the business to help guide ESG considerations in decision making across many aspects of the Company’s activities.

Our Board at Johnson Johnson realized this connection long ago, and we have significantly integrated ESG matters in our Board agenda.

For example, in 2021, I joined the Board Committee Chairs overseeing risk and sustainability topics in engaging in the Company’s most recent ESG Priority Topics Assessment, the results of which have informed the Company’s reporting and disclosure and will play a significant role in Johnson Johnson’s next set of public goals.

In 2022, the Board decided to realign Committee responsibilities and enhanced and expanded the scope of the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee.

This action better positions the Board to oversee certain ESG matters alongside other compliance matters.

Financial results will always be an important measure of performance, but Johnson Johnson will continue its sustainable long term growth through operating with a focus on the future and by refusing to compromise on Our Credo values.

It is a core responsibility of the Board to capitalize on the Company’s position of strength as a leader in healthcare by guiding Johnson Johnson to address the pressing concerns of today while preparing to meet the challenges of tomorrow.

Investments in R D, data science and digital innovation are central to advancing the Company’s ESG strategy, and these investments are reflected in the strategies of Johnson Johnson’s business segments and Enterprise functions.

These emerging fields will drive value creation throughout the Company.

I’m very excited for the future at Johnson Johnson, especially with its focus on innovation, which enables the Company to pursue both its purpose and performance with equal commitment.

Transformational innovation, science and technology are fundamental to the Company’s strong financial performance, and it is this powerful financial performance that enables Johnson Johnson to sustain and exceed its investment in lifesaving and life enhancing innovations, benefiting millions of patients and consumers each year.

The Foundation operates worldwide as the Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

Ranked 2 in the Access to Medicine Index and featured as an Index top three performer for the sixth consecutive year.

Recognized with a CDP A List rating for our leadership in climate action for the fifth consecutive year.

Scored in the 97th percentile for the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector for the EcoVadis sustainability assessment for 2022.

Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series for the 22nd year, scoring in the 97th percentile in our sector in 2022.

Ranked 1 in the pharmaceuticals biotechnology sector in North America for Moody’s Analytics’ ESG scorecard for 2022.

MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided as is’ and without warranty.

MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

We blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

We are driven by Our Credo, a set of values and principles that, since 1943, has challenged and inspired us to put the needs and well being of the people we serve first.

Johnson Johnson, through its Family of Companies ( the Company ), is the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. Our operating companies employ approximately 153,700 employees4 in virtually all countries of the world, who are engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field.

We work with more than 46,000 suppliers and hundreds of external manufacturers to support the development and manufacturing of our products worldwide.

The Company’s product portfolio includes thousands of Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health products that address the health and wellness needs of people every day.

Johnson Johnson is a publicly owned corporation with stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:JNJ).

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, publicly traded company.

In September 2022, Kenvue was announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company.

Kenvue was part of Johnson Johnson for all of 2022 (the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report).

Kenvue completed an initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock on May 8th, 2023.

As of the closing of the initial public offering, the Company owns approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.

The Company remains on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

The Company’s dedication to integrating ESG into our business strategies starts at the highest levels of leadership, where the Board has overall accountability for ESG risk management oversight.

Effective ESG governance requires both management engagement and Board level oversight.

The Board’s ESG risk management approach is designed to effectively govern and manage the ESG risks and opportunities that are integral to the Company’s core business strategy.

Significant ESG risks are reviewed and evaluated by the Board and its Committees as part of their ongoing risk oversight of our Company.

We announced our evolved ESG strategy, focused on championing global health equity, empowering our employees and advancing environmental health.

Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to these efforts.

The Enterprise Governance Council, the Company’s primary governance body for ESG matters, updated its ESG knowledge module and made it available to all employees to help them understand our ESG management approach, including our ESG strategy.

We held our fifth investor relations ESG webcast in June 2022, to update shareholders on our ESG performance and progress against our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

The webcast included an interview with members of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors and our Chief Financial Officer.

We continued to improve our disclosures on ESG topics, including enhancing our Tax Policy, Position on Disaster Relief and Position on Employee Development.

We also expanded disclosures with additional metrics for greater transparency.

At Johnson Johnson, we use our materiality assessment, which we call our Priority Topics Assessment (PTA), to identify, prioritize and strategically address relevant ESG topics that can have a significant impact on society or our business.

Since 2008, we have conducted the PTA every two to three years.

Our last PTA was conducted in 2021 with a double materiality focus, by which we examined ESG priority topics from two standpoints: the impact of a topic on Johnson Johnson’s business results and the impact of Johnson Johnson’s business on people, the environment and society in general.

Our Priority Topics Matrix presents our ESG priorities.

Our ESG strategy is grounded in Our Credo values, informed by both our Company’s purpose to change the trajectory of health for humanity and the views of our external stakeholders.

We set our ESG strategy in a deliberate manner, focusing our efforts on the areas where we are well positioned to achieve the greatest impact: championing global health equity, empowering our employees and advancing environmental health.

Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to these efforts.

Our ESG approach is designed to effectively govern and manage all risks, including ESG risks, while also enabling us to identify opportunities that accurately reflect our business strategy.

This sustained, focused approach promotes resiliency and drives growth, better positioning us to continue investing for our future and enhancing the long term value of our business.

The deep and longstanding relationships we cultivate with our stakeholders are vital to our business success and our ESG strategy.

Johnson Johnson interacts with numerous stakeholder groups at the global, national and local levels, including through membership of, and participation in, a broad range of advocacy organizations and industry associations.

Promoting health legislation in the U.S.: The U.S. maternal mortality rate continues to exceed the rate of other high income countries, including a 40% increase in 2021 .5 In the U.S., Medicaid has a vital role to play in improving maternal health outcomes, with nearly half of all births financed by Medicaid.

We strongly supported state efforts to advance legislation to extend Medicaid postpartum coverage to 12 months for new mothers, helping address disproportionate maternal mortality outcomes in disadvantaged communities.

Johnson Johnson also joined more than 70 healthcare organizations in advocating for the Dr. Lorna Breen Health Care Provider Protection Act (H.R.

While health worker burnout had reached a crisis point before the COVID 19 pandemic, the acute mental health needs and risk factors among HCPs were brought into sharp focus in the early days of 2020 as health workers experienced severe work trauma, burnout, and exhaustion.

The tragic death by suicide of emergency room physician, Dr. Lorna Breen, in April 2020, underscored the urgent need to provide better support services to health workers.

In July 2020, Senator Tim Kaine (D VA) introduced a bill to protect the mental health of the healthcare workforce.

Developed alongside the Dr. Lorna Breen Heroes’ Foundation with support from Johnson Johnson, this bill would eventually become the Dr. Lorna Breen Healthcare Provider Protection Act.

For more information on how we help our stakeholders understand how we are managing the risk of these relevant ESG topics and embedding sustainability into decision making, which is a critical component of our ESG governance, please see our ESG Strategy and our ESG Resources.

Supporting healthcare policy making in Europe: As the founding knowledge partner and sponsor of All Policies for a Healthy Europe Coalition, we strengthened our partnership on the development of numerous publications and policy dialogues by the coalition in three areas: the economy of well being (covering the COVID 19 pandemic response, health systems resilience, value based healthcare and the EU Beating Cancer policies) the digitalization of health (contributing our expertise to emerging data governance, the European Health Data Space and AI policies) and environmental health (supporting the revision of the ambient air directive).

Janssen has been a leading industry voice shaping the EU Pharmaceutical Strategy, championing patient access to medicines and strong IP rights.

We have shone a light on the changes in EU legislation that would diminish IP rights, a critical element underpinning medical innovation in Europe.

Janssen provides evidence and data to help stakeholders appreciate the need for strong IP protections to develop new treatments to address unmet medical needs.

We also advocate for an agile regulatory framework that will allow fast adoption of innovative new medicines supported through the use of real world evidence, digital health technology and data sharing.

Our activities in 2022 included direct dialogue with European policymakers and other stakeholders, along with yearlong media engagement, adding our voice to the public debate.

Not every asset that we start working on actually makes it to the finish line.

IP allows us to generate return for the value that we bring to patients and society once the therapy is available, and that’s a return that we actually reinvest into developing new advanced lifesaving and breakthrough therapies.

Strengthening the healthcare industry in Asia: Johnson Johnson led the healthcare industry presence at the 2022 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders’ Week in Bangkok, Thailand, as the only healthcare company speaking at the event.

APEC is a critical and highly influential forum, driving improvements in healthcare policy, innovation and access across this large and diverse region of the world.

The Leader’s Week was the first in person APEC gathering since 2018 and a significant opportunity for our global delegation to engage with heads of state and government leaders from all 21 APEC countries, industry and academia.

We shared Johnson Johnson’s perspective on key healthcare challenges and the importance of advancing quality health data, health financing for innovation and supply chain resilience to improve healthcare outcomes.

Participating in global convenings to advance healthcare systems: Leaders from across Johnson Johnson participated in several key events and meetings during the UN General Assembly in 2022.

Our engagement emphasized the importance of advancing equitable access to care, investing in health workers and innovation to eradicate pandemic and epidemic diseases, and pandemic response.

Also in 2022, global health leaders and stakeholders gathered in Geneva, Switzerland, for the 75th annual World Health Assembly (WHA), with representation of 194 country delegations.

The WHA provides an important opportunity for partners across sectors to engage, build and strengthen relationships and to accelerate action on pressing health challenges facing the world.

As a global healthcare leader, Johnson Johnson was an active convenor and contributor to events during the WHA, providing a critical private sector lens and bringing greater awareness of our unique lab to last mile approach to advancing equitable access to care.

Our engagement covered key issues, including vaccination to eradicate disease such as Ebola, fighting infectious diseases like TB and supporting frontline health workers.

Also, at WHA 2022, Johnson Johnson announced our new Global Surgery Initiative and joined discussions on the importance of investing in sustainable surgical systems to advance equitable access to care.

Engaging with industry on ESG: We continued to engage with the pharmaceutical industry to ensure the expertise of our industry is reflected in the ESG metrics and related disclosures that are most relevant to the sector.

Working as part of the Biopharma Sustainability Roundtable (BSRT), a network that supports sustainability in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry, Johnson Johnson participates in the Biopharma Investor ESG Communications Initiative, which supports the development of decision useful communications about the sector’s most important ESG issues.

In 2022, BSRT released the Biopharma Investor ESG Communications Guidance 4.0, the result of collaboration among leading pharmaceutical companies, including Johnson Johnson, as well as investor groups.

As a leading pharmaceutical company, we are always seeking to respond positively to investor information needs, as well as those of other stakeholders.

We value the opportunity to collaborate with peer companies to define disclosure guidance specific to our sector, and we believe this helps elevate ESG awareness and sets a benchmark for investor expectations of our industry.

Engaging stakeholders for this Report: Many internal stakeholders across Johnson Johnson’s global teams provided input for this Report.

The Chairman of the Board and CEO, the Disclosure Committee and the Disclosure Sub Committee6 reviewed the Report outline and metrics, and the Disclosure Committee reviewed the full Report.

Our entire Executive Committee reviewed and approved the 2022 Health for Humanity Report, and it was shared with the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors and the full Board prior to publication.

The Disclosure Committee comprises the Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary, Head of Litigation plus leaders from the Controllers’ office and Investor Relations and Global Audit Assurance departments.

Our ambitious set of Health for Humanity 2025 Goals align to our ESG focus areas and foundation of accountability and innovation, and is how we hold ourselves publicly accountable in creating a more sustainable society.

We measure and track performance against our Goals, with progress assured by a third party.

Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, we support 11 of the 17 UN SDGs.

Stringent regulatory authority approval of a new TB drug regimen that reduces treatment length and is at least as effective and safe as the current recommended treatment by 2030.

Complete a clinical study to demonstrate the health, economic and social value of using paliperidone palmitate LAI to treat schizophrenia in Rwanda by 2024.

Create playbook including Documented Organizational Readiness for Pandemic Preparedness based on the demonstrated accelerated process for emergency use licensure submission of our COVID 19 vaccine.

Adoption of endorsed platform by at least two countries by 2025.

Three best practice healthcare for women insights published.

Spend with Tier 1 small and diverse suppliers, social enterprise and Tier 2 supplier spend.

See our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard for full results.

Johnson Johnson’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report details our ESG progress and performance and should be reviewed in conjunction with disclosures on the ESG Policies Positions page.

Data in this annual Report cover the period between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022, unless otherwise indicated, and was published in June 2023.

Reporting on other matters specific to financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries can be found in our 2022 Annual Report.

This Report covers Johnson Johnson’s worldwide operations across our three business segments: Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health.7 For select metrics, we report segment level data.

Contract manufacturers are excluded from the scope of this Report, unless otherwise noted.

References in this Report to Johnson Johnson, the Company, we, us and our all refer to Johnson Johnson and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context.

All monetary references to dollars ( ) refer to U.S.

This Report also covers some activities of the Johnson Johnson Foundation, a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee.

The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies and is funded solely by the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies, The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

More details on Foundation activities can be found in the Johnson Johnson Foundation United States 2022 Annual Report and the Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland 2022 Directors’ Report.

The Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (see ESG Disclosure Index: GRI Content Index).

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) relevant Standards: HC BP, HC MS, CG HP.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures.

Norges Bank Investment Management and Basel Institute on Governance’s Measuring effectiveness of anti corruption programmes reporting framework, adding disclosures against this set of 17 indicators and.

UN Global Compact (UNGC) see our annual Communication on Progress.

Materiality approach:8 The content in this Report is guided by our PTA, which helps us identify and prioritize the ESG topics that matter most to our stakeholders and to our Company.

Please see our Priority Topics Assessment for details of our latest update and Priority Topics.

Progress against our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals and associated data presented in the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard (see ERM CVS’s Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Assurance) and.

Select 2022 global GHG emissions inventory, the percentage of electricity use generated by renewable energy sources, NOx and SOx emissions (from combustion sources) and select water management data (see GHG Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data Assurance).

Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions are reported using the WBCSD WRI GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004, as updated January 2015).

Environmental Health Safety (EH S Compliance and Certifications).

Employee Engagement (Our Credo Survey Results) (select metrics).

Ethics and Compliance (Inquiries and Complaints as Recorded with Our Credo Integrity Line by Category).

Ethics and Compliance (Compliance Related Allegations.

Our Global Audit Assurance organization reviewed select data for accuracy, completeness and validity.

The financial data and general information about the business in this Report were previously audited for disclosure in our 2022 Annual Report.

Acquisitions: EH S data of recently acquired companies, except for employee road safety data and site ISO and OHSAS certification data, are included in the Report two years after acquisition, unless otherwise noted.

This approach allows the new acquisitions to adjust their EH S management and reporting systems to Johnson Johnson standards.

Road safety data are integrated the first year after acquisition, where available, and two years after acquisition at the latest.

ISO and OHSAS certification data are integrated three years after acquisition.

Abiomed, which was acquired in late December 2022, is reflected only in the financial data included in this Health for Humanity Report.

Due to the timing of the acquisition and the nature of our Human Resources Information System, no other Abiomed data are included in this 2022 Health for Humanity Report.

See the Johnson Johnson 2022 Annual Report for more information on Abiomed.

The dates and details of recent acquisitions can be found in Note 18 (Acquisitions and Divestitures) on page 82 of our 2022 Annual Report.

A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, including in the sections captioned Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and Item 1A.

Risk Factors, and in Johnson Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson Johnson.

Any forward looking statement made in this Report speaks only as of the date of this report.

Johnson Johnson does not undertake to update any forward looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Third party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.

Divestitures: Except for injury statistics and violations or fines, EH S data of divested companies are excluded in the reporting year.

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, publicly traded company.

In September 2022, Kenvue was announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company.

Kenvue was part of Johnson Johnson for all of 2022 (the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report).

Kenvue completed an initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock on May 8, 2023.

As of the closing of the initial public offering, the Company owns approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.

The Company remains on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

In future reporting years, starting with the 2023 Health for Humanity Report, Kenvue data will not be included nor restated.

Restatements: We use a 5% change threshold to apply to significant changes in data or information that is restated, unless otherwise noted.

There are several potential reasons that may lead to a restatement of either prior periods or baseline data (e.g., a significant change in newly published measures, new acquisitions or divestitures, data errors or improvements in data collection methodology over time).

Depending on circumstances, each is evaluated using this threshold, and appropriate disclosures are included in the Report.

Data that were not disclosed in prior years are noted as not reported in relevant tables throughout the Report.

Contact us: We welcome your queries and feedback on this Report.

Please contact the Johnson Johnson Enterprise ESG Program Office at: WW Corporate Governance its.jnj.com.

Please visit the Reporting Hub for our archive of annual Health for Humanity Reports.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements: This Report contains forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things: future operating and financial performance, product development, market position, business strategy and the anticipated separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business.

The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward looking statements.

These statements are based on current expectations of future events.

If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson Johnson.

Healthcare workers from the Bomu Hospital in Kenya teach members of the Maasai community about obstetric fistula.

In 2022, the Johnson Johnson Foundation continued to support healthcare workers through the Fistula Foundation.

Across Johnson Johnson, we continue to build on our legacy of more than 135 years of blending innovation, scientific excellence and caring for people to tackle some of today’s toughest health challenges and help deliver improved health for all, everywhere.

At the core of our mission is a commitment to advance global health equity.

For that to become a reality, people need to have access to affordable lifesaving and life enhancing treatments in every corner of the world.

In all that we do, we seek to enhance access to our innovative medicines, vaccines and medical technologies everywhere, especially for populations in resource limited settings.

We share our progress in making our medicines and technologies available to help combat specific diseases such as HIV, TB, Ebola and certain NTDs in the Pandemics Epidemics section of this Report.

Access to medicine is central to our global health equity strategy and is embedded in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals across several explicit commitments.

Our progress against these commitments is described in this Report and summarized in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard.

Note: Patients treated represents the estimated number of people globally who were treated with a Janssen medicine in 2022, including patients reached through our VERMOX (mebendazole) donation program.

This total excludes people vaccinated with our Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine, which is reported separately.

We estimated the number of patients treated by converting quantities of Janssen medicines into courses of therapy or total patient days of therapy per year and then converting those into numbers of people based on average utilization per patient.

Patients taking multiple Janssen products may be counted as multiple patients in the total.

Methodologies may vary by product type given the nature of the product and available data.

Our estimated number of patients treated may be revised over time as we gain new information on patient usage or experience restatements in underlying data sources or changes in product portfolios.

Our progress in advancing access and innovating novel medicines was recognized by the Access to Medicine Foundation in its 2022 Access to Medicine Index (ATMI) in which Johnson Johnson ranked second, rising from third in 2021.

Our position among the top three companies worldwide on the ATMI for a sixth consecutive year reflects our decades of commitment to enhancing access to our medicines and strengthening healthcare systems.

It is also a testament to our colleagues and partners around the world who endeavor every day to enable millions of people in almost 100 lower and middle income countries to benefit from our innovative medicines and technologies.

Making progress by design: We apply our Janssen Access and Pricing Principles across our entire pharmaceutical portfolio, planning for access early in the research phase.

We work systematically for each asset in development to thoroughly understand the disease characteristics, patient burden of disease and product characteristics.

In our access planning, we consider health system characteristics, access and affordability, applying a variety of approaches, including value based pricing, equity based tiered pricing and other access initiatives tailored to the disease and product, as we work with other stakeholders to enable patient access to medicines across a wide variety of health system characteristics and country ability and willingness to pay.

Janssen, along with our Global Public Health organization, deploys a lab to last mile approach to fight diseases such as HIV, TB and Ebola, driving targeted innovation and initiatives to overcome barriers to deliver access to our medicines, strengthen health systems and support frontline health workers.

Medicine prequalification by the World Health Organization (WHO) is designed to ensure that medicines supplied by procurement agencies meet acceptable standards of quality, safety and efficacy.

Johnson Johnson products (addressing HIV and intestinal worms) are on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products.

Johnson Johnson products (our Ebola vaccine regimen)12 are on the WHO List of Prequalified Vaccines.

Advancing access in the U.S.: Equitable access strategies are important not only in LMICs, but also in higher income countries that are home to vulnerable and under resourced populations as well.

With a focus on access in the U.S., in 2023, we published our seventh annual Janssen U.S. Transparency Report, sharing updates relating to our pricing of medicines, our R D investments and patient support programs.

As a signatory to the Business for Social Responsibility (BSR) Guiding Principles on Access to Healthcare, we engage broadly across our industry to improve access for patients around the world.

In 2022, we collaborated as a member of BSR’s working group to develop the Access to Healthcare Ladder.

Access to treatment in the last mile: As part of Johnson Johnson’s commitment to advancing equitable access to medicines, we funded an innovative pilot study by the Infectious Diseases Institute in Uganda to assess the impact of medical drones in increasing access and improving community disease management.

The pilot study used a small, unmanned aircraft to deliver HIV treatments to the people of the Kalangala islands.

As a result of this pilot project, researchers were able to quantify the effectiveness of medical drones’ HIV drug delivery, which will help inform future efforts to scale drone technology to solve other last mile delivery challenges in Uganda and elsewhere.

Our 2022 HEALTHEVOICES leadership conference convened nearly 100 leading online patient advocates for three days of learning, sharing and debating on topics such as the impacts of culture on health, bridging change in the healthcare space and culturally inclusive marketing.

This much awaited event was the first in person conference since before the COVID 19 pandemic and the eighth annual HEALTHEVOICES conference since its inception in 2015.

HEALTHEVOICES is designed by and for online patient advocates, offering a safe space to deliver authentic content on the most pressing issues impacting patients.

Approximately 50 Johnson Johnson leaders attended the 2022 conference, demonstrating our keen commitment to understanding patient needs and empowering patient advocates to influence how we communicate with and to patients to improve patient experience.

The HEALTHEVOICES community reaches a vast digital network of more than 800 advocates across nearly 100 health conditions with a collective reach of 17 million patients, caregivers and healthcare professionals.

The HEALTHEVOICES Diversity, Equity, Accessibility Inclusion (DEAI) Task Force shapes health equity focused programming for patient advocates and Johnson Johnson audiences, supported by close to 30,000 followers on social media.

In 2022, HEALTHEVOICES, with the support of the DEAI Task Force, published an Instagram Live series on transgender health, advocacy and allyship generated educational social media campaigns around 12 awareness events throughout the year, including Juneteenth, Pride and Hispanic Heritage Month issued public statements in support of the AAPI and LGBTQIA communities following violence against them in the U.S. and participated in discussions on health equity with Johnson Johnson leaders.

Ongoing DEAI Task Force activities such as these add vital momentum to driving equitable change in healthcare and sustaining trust between patient communities and Johnson Johnson teams, resulting in a stronger patient voice across our broad range of healthcare interventions.

There are few places in my life where I experience the diversity of backgrounds that I find at HEALTHEVOICES.

It’s a great reminder that not everyone with a chronic health issue comes from the same ethnic background, region of the country, or socio economic situation.

Each health condition comes with unique symptoms, challenges, and treatments.

When everyone chooses to embrace the diversity that we inevitably have, we create an accepting environment to tackle difficult issues.

Figures according to Janssen internal financial accounting.

For decades, Johnson Johnson has remained steadfast in our commitment to leadership in public health and health equity.

Our strategy reflects a long held belief that creating societal value goes hand in hand with generating long term business value.

We believe strongly in the power of strategic partnerships, and we are excited to collaborate to advance health equity, enhance patient care and provide even greater support to our nurses.

Also, in 2022, we joined several private sector organizations in pledging funding and support to end critical diseases and strengthen health systems as part of the Global Fund’s Seventh Replenishment Conference.

Global Fund is an international organization established to defeat HIV, TB and malaria and ensure a healthier, safer, more equitable future for all.

Our new Global Fund contribution was in the form of a partnership with the Skoll Foundation to jointly provide 25 million as an anchor investment in a fund to accelerate the professionalization of community health workers.

See also section: Frontline Healthcare Communities.

We champion health equity through initiatives that maximize value for all those we reach through our business in areas where we can have the greatest impact.

Collaborations to address cross cutting healthcare issues.

Developing new solutions to enhance access to quality mental healthcare.

Promoting initiatives to eliminate health inequities for people of color.

Our GPH organization has a mission to develop relevant innovations that save lives, cure patients and prevent disease and make them available, affordable and accessible for the world’s most vulnerable and under resourced populations.

Our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals underpin this mission and empower us to target our efforts to deliver improved health outcomes.

Johnson Johnson convenes collaborations across multiple dimensions to advance public health, whether this is to address global diseases that have a disproportionate impact or to strengthen healthcare systems.

For example, in 2022, we joined with HCA Healthcare, a leading healthcare provider in the U.S., to address key industry issues such as improving health equity, enhancing nursing support and improving patient outcomes.

Specifically, this collaboration encompasses the development of a program for early stage lung cancer detection for the Black community, initiatives to improve cardiovascular health and education, training and other resources to elevate and support nurses.

The family member of a patient of Caraes Ndera Neuropsychiatric Hospital stands outside her home in Kigali, Rwanda.

At Johnson Johnson, through our J J MedTech business segment, we are helping transform the future of medical intervention by tackling some of the world’s most pressing healthcare challenges across several surgical fields.

Advances in surgical technology have transformed medical care for most high income countries, yet quality surgical care remains largely out of reach for people living in low income countries.

As many as 5 billion people13 do not have access to quality surgical care closing this gap is critically important to advance global health equity.

Johnson Johnson is committed to elevating the standard of care in surgery by bringing insights, scale and new technologies to meet the needs of more people in communities with limited surgical capacity around the world.

We deploy our global surgery capabilities together with our collaborators and aim to address healthcare inequities, expand patient access, improve outcomes and reduce health system costs.

Our commitment to changing the trajectory of surgical care is encompassed in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, and we have made strong progress so far.

Accelerating access to surgery: At the 75th World Health Assembly in May 2022, we launched our Global Surgery Initiative with the goal of advancing the entire continuum of surgical care from prevention to treatment to rehabilitation across two significant areas of unmet need, obstetric fistula and long bone fracture.

We announced the beginning of pilot programs in these two areas in Kenya and Malawi, working with government, academic and NGOs to strengthen surgical systems.

Combining the strengths and expertise of Johnson Johnson with global and local collaborators, we aim to accelerate access by streamlining supply chains, reducing costs and better equipping surgeons and health systems to meet the needs of the patients and communities they serve.

Improving surgical instruments for obstetric fistula repair surgery: Obstetric fistula is a serious childbirth complication that is preventable with improved practices and treatable with access to surgical care.

Johnson Johnson helps to improve care by developing and providing access to improved surgical instruments: fistula scissors, bladder sounds and suture catheter organizers.

These improvements aim to provide high quality instrumentation to increase patient comfort, maximize surgeon visibility and improve safety for both the patient and the surgeon.

We work with expert collaborators to help train surgeons and frontline health workers on the effective use of these instruments.

In 2022, we progressed to further trials of these instruments in Kenya, where more than 1,000 new cases of obstetric fistula are recorded each year.15 As part of our ongoing program, we seek feedback from surgeons to inform future innovation and help scale surgical capacity countrywide to reach even more women suffering from obstetric fistula.

Johnson Johnson was one of the first companies to partner with Dr. Catherine Hamlin at the Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital in Ethiopia, beginning in the 1980s, with the donation of sutures for fistula surgeries.

Elizabeth, a 21 year old woman from Kenya, received fistula surgery at the Gynocare Women’s and Fistula Hospital, the flagship facility of the Fistula Foundation Treatment Network in Keyna that Johnson Johnson supports with donated surgical products.

Improving access to care for long bone fracture: Left untreated, long bone fractures, a crack or break in the tibia or another long bone, can result in long term disability.

Johnson Johnson is working in Malawi to help train surgeons with novel tools and techniques and strengthen supply chains to improve sustainable access to surgical trauma care for people in need.

In 2022, supported by the Johnson Johnson Foundation, we launched our Long Bone Fracture Pilot Program in Malawi, introducing novel devices, strengthening supply chains, training district level providers to complete procedures and elevating operating room processes for a better patient and care team experience.

Our aim is to scale this initiative to other LMICs, building on our experience in Malawi.

Participants during the Orthopaedic Clinical Officers training in Dowa conduct a practice exercise on a colleague.

Collaborations to reduce the burden of obstetric fistula: Along with the Johnson Johnson Foundation, we again supported obstetric fistula procedures and donated surgical products to the Fistula Foundation Treatment Network.

Together with Direct Relief, we delivered our sutures and new instruments to nine hospitals in the Kenya Fistula Treatment Network.

Working with these improved instruments and supported by training, surgeons were able to perform safe obstetric fistula repairs for more than 1,300 women in Kenya in 2022.

In 2022, we also continued to support ongoing obstetric fistula education for surgeons through our nearly 30 year collaboration with Mercy Ships, the largest non governmental fleet of hospital ships in the world.

Our support has helped hundreds of surgeons and operating room specialists receive advanced training by collaborating to design essential skills training and provide hygiene kits and surgical products.

Progress in Reducing Burden of Obstetric Fistula In 2022, supported delivery of 5,600 obstetric fistula repair surgeries for a cumulative total of 8,800 since the beginning of 2021.

New surgical instruments piloted in Sierra Leone in.

Delivery of products, implants and instrument sets at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Malawi.

Mental illness continues to be one of the greatest unmet needs in healthcare.

In addition, protracted conflict and growing social inequities around the world threaten to further exacerbate mental healthcare hardships while challenging the availability of resources to address them.

Nowhere is this truer than for vulnerable communities in several parts of the world more than 80% of all people with mental disorders live in LMICs,17 and many receive no care at all due to a lack of treatment options, few trained mental health workers and associated stigma, among other reasons.

Over the last half century, we have developed several innovative treatments for conditions impacting the brain and central nervous system.

Building on this legacy, we have expanded access to mental healthcare through innovation, research and programs that empower frontline health workers to better manage mental illness.

Progress in Access to Schizophrenia Treatment The CASPAR study assessing the treatment of schizophrenia with paliperidone palmitate LAI in Rwandan healthcare settings achieved 100% patients screened and nearly 50% of patients moved to treatment phase.

Clinical research trainings for site investigators in.

Evaluating treatment in real world healthcare settings: In 2022, we continued our Clinical Study to Assess the Treatment of Schizophrenia With Paliperidone Palmitate in Rwandan Healthcare Settings (CASPAR), designed to assess the impact of PPLAI in patients with schizophrenia in real world healthcare settings.

By the end of 2022, 100% of patients were screened and nearly 50% of patients moved to the treatment phase.

The study also includes clinical research training for the local principal investigators at the five study sites in Rwanda, as well as site visits from the Johnson Johnson research team.

CASPAR represents an important step forward in generating evidence that could inform adoption of PPLAI as a treatment option for schizophrenia.

The CASPAR study team, representing Johnson Johnson, tours the laboratories at the University Teaching Hospital of Butare, one of the participating sites in the CASPAR Study.

According to the World Health Organization, sight is the most dominant of the five senses and plays a crucial role in every facet of our lives.

But unmet needs in eye health continue to affect people the world over and especially the most vulnerable and under resourced populations.

Worldwide, more than 2.2 billion people are visually impaired, and more than 1 billion are forced to live with preventable or treatable conditions because they cannot get the care they need.19 At Johnson Johnson Vision, part of J J MedTech, we have a bold ambition to change the trajectory of eye health worldwide.

We deliver innovation that enables eye care professionals to create better outcomes for patients throughout their lives, and we collaborate to expand access to quality eye care in communities with the greatest need.

Very few things are as important as the ability to see the world around us, and we know that healthy sight is a lifelong journey.

That’s why, at Johnson Johnson Vision, we are working to meet patient needs throughout their lives and in the areas where we can have the greatest impact.

From delivering innovation to treat childhood myopia to leveraging our cutting edge science to bring forward the best solutions in eye care and surgery.

What we do at every stage aims to help support eye care professionals worldwide and enable millions of patients to see better.

Improving vision in a digital world: With adults spending 35% more time on digital devices in a post pandemic world 13 or more hours per day according to estimates20 the strain on eye health is noticeable.

With eyes locked on a screen for long periods, people blink less this has a destabilizing effect on the tear film, causing dryness and discomfort.

Following feedback from eye care professionals and patients we’ve worked to help meet the needs of digitally intensive lifestyles through increased education and the launch of a new contact lens ACUVUE OASYS MAX 1 DAY to help reduce light scatter and block UVA and UVB rays.

Seeing better in low light conditions: Presbyopia, in simple terms, is an age related condition that reduces the ability of near vision, projected to affect 2.1 billion people globally in 2030.22 To provide relief for the many people whose quality of life is reduced by presbyopia, Johnson Johnson Vision introduced our next generation presbyopia correcting intraocular lens (PC IOL) TECNIS SYMFONY OPTIBLUE IOL in the U.S. and select countries in EMEA in 2022.

Using this high performance technology, eye care professionals can offer patients a full range of high quality continuous vision in all lighting conditions.

Advancing eye health digital innovation in Asia Pacific: In 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A STAR) to jointly establish an Eye Health Digital Innovation Consortium in Singapore.

Hosted at A STAR’s Institute of High Performance Computing, the consortium focuses on advancing eye health research in the Asia Pacific region.

A joint investment of SGD 15 million from both organizations will be channeled into the consortium over the course of three years.

There is a high prevalence of eye disorders among Singapore’s population, and this is a cause for concern.

Open innovation and public private partnerships will pave the way for us to leverage strengths from different parties and develop solutions to address this complex healthcare challenge.

Slowing myopia progression in children: Myopia, sometimes called nearsightedness, is a chronic and progressive disease that can lead to sight threatening complications over time.

Children under 12 who are diagnosed with myopia are at a greater risk of developing high myopia in later life.

Among the first in the industry to recognize the importance of myopia management, following decades of research to develop scientifically proven solutions, Johnson Johnson Vision launched ACUVUE ABILITI to address the prevalence and progression of myopia in children.

ABILITI is designed to fit seamlessly into the lifestyle of parents and children.

In 2022, we launched ABILITI 1 DAY and ABILITI OVERNIGHT in Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore.

We also received FDA approval of lens parameter expansion for ABILITI OVERNIGHT to extend the reach for patients in the U.S. With these developments, more patients in more parts of the world can now enjoy better vision throughout their lifetimes.

Bringing critical eye care to children: Sight for Kids (SFK) was founded in 2002 by Johnson Johnson Vision and Lions Clubs International Foundation and has administered free, volunteer directed vision screenings to more than 42 million children in five countries, including India, Kenya, the Philippines, Thailand and the U.S. Today, as SFK celebrates 20 years of bringing critical eye care to children in under resourced communities, it is the largest known program of its kind in the world.

In 2022, in the U.S., SFK expanded beyond the South Florida region to a second location by teaming up with the Louisiana Lions Eye Foundation to provide free statewide eye care to Louisiana’s youth.

A vision screening event and tours of the mobile screening unit marked this new activity.

Two students in Nairobi, Kenya are on a path to a brighter future thanks to vision screenings by Sight for Kids.

Healthy sight is critical to a child’s academic performance, self esteem and overall well being.

By helping their vision through Sight For Kids, we can make a meaningful impact now that will carry into the future, from their studies to their career.

Prioritizing eyes in South America: Johnson Johnson Vision led a meaningful campaign in 2022 to advance access to eye care for people living in remote areas of several countries, including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico.

We led awareness campaigns using different media channels to raise awareness and worked closely with nonprofits throughout the region to encourage people to show up for eye tests and receive any necessary treatment.

Celebrating World Sight Day 2022: Johnson Johnson Vision selected World Sight Day to share its Vision for Good 2021 Impact Review, with additional examples of how we are helping change the trajectory of eye health while operating in an environmentally sustainable manner.

Learn more about social responsibility at Johnson Johnson Vision.

At the heart of Johnson Johnson’s commitment to health equity is our desire to create a world where the color of your skin does not determine your access to care, quality of care or health outcomes.

Launched in 2020, Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) is our 100 million, enterprise wide initiative focused on closing the racial health gap in the U.S.

The Johnson Johnson ORTHE initiative focuses on eradicating racial and social injustice as a public health threat by eliminating health inequities for people of color in the U.S. We are committed to closing the racial health gap by investing in culturally competent community care models that create healthy outcomes for people of color.

Community Health Capacity Building Expanding access to affordable, community centric care through investments in community health centers, community health workers and other care model innovations.

Community Engagement and Education Empowering patients and end users with tools, resources and community based services to own their health and increase health literacy.

Inclusive Research and Representative Clinical Trials Increasing access to clinical trials through diverse site selection and patient recruitment, as well as incorporating equity into end to end therapy and device design.

Culturally Competent Care Increasing the racial and ethnic diversity of the healthcare talent pipeline and workforce and promoting an equitable point of care experience for BIPOC patients.

Three programs helped to expand access to affordable, community centric care.

Community health workers in Alabama, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee benefited from a health worker network collaborative grant that we contributed to establishing alongside management skills training of executive directors and leaders of community based healthcare organizations.

Working in partnership with many organizations, we aim to help build trust between under resourced communities and health systems, backed by our commitment to supporting 200,000 HCPs and researchers by 2025.

By the end of 2022, 307,000 U.S. HCPs and researchers were provided development and support to help create more equitable healthcare systems.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson awarded the winners of its Health Equity Innovation Challenge, designed to empower communities and accelerate solutions by stimulating innovation, entrepreneurship and social impact.

The Challenge called on local entrepreneurs in Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, New Orleans, New York and Philadelphia to deliver locally inspired, innovative approaches to advance health equity.

Engaging credible community leaders who understood local health challenges, the independent selection committee chose 14 winners from more than 180 applicants.

The winners included community organizations that provide services, including free healthcare to under resourced neighborhoods improving birth and maternal health outcomes for Black families and providing youth, educators and communities with programs designed to support mental wellness and equity.

Each winner was awarded seed funding from a pool of more than 1 million, along with mentorship from renowned entrepreneurs and public health experts and access to the JLABS ecosystem.

Following the Challenge, many of these organizations have continued to positively impact their communities and are actively expanding.

Three innovative programs continued under the ORTHE umbrella, helping people be more informed about options to prioritize healthcare and treatment.

My Health Can’t Wait is an educational effort and resource hub created by J J MedTech to inspire people to get the information they need to pursue care with confidence, especially after the experience of the COVID 19 pandemic that caused many Americans to delay healthcare treatment.

We also launched a new initiative to support climate resilience at community healthcare clinics in the U.S. that serve people with limited access to care in communities most vulnerable to the impacts of climate change.

Through a collaboration with Americares and Harvard T.H.

Chan School of Public Health’s Center for Climate, Health, and the Global Environment (Harvard Chan C CHANGE), we aim to bolster operational resilience in clinics, as well as the resilience of healthcare workers, to help inimize disruptions in healthcare caused by extreme weather events.

The goal is to support 100 medical clinics across the U.S. by 2025.

Through J J MedTech’s Signature Equity Program, we are identifying communities across the U.S. where we can help deliver the most impact, forming partnerships with community based organizations and offering Johnson Johnson resources and expertise to help meet community healthcare needs.

In 2022, J J MedTech and Janssen helped provide free health education and access to health screenings to thousands of community members at events in Atlanta Chicago Columbia, South Carolina and Los Angeles, and the plan is to expand to other populations around the world in 2023.

Save Legs, Change Lives is a multiyear initiative by Janssen to address the hidden threat of peripheral artery disease (PAD) related amputation.

Black Americans with PAD have up to four times higher risk of amputation than white Americans.26 Janssen collaborated with leading professional associations, including the American College of Cardiology, as well as healthcare systems and community organizations to raise awareness of PAD related issues and facilitate equitable access to treatment.

Through 2022, Janssen continued to share PAD information widely, implemented thousands of free screenings and advanced research to help overcome PAD related health inequities.

Johnson Johnson Vision was the first major eye health company to sign The 13% Promise, an initiative created by nonprofit Black EyeCare Perspective to increase equity and representation in optometry to mirror the 13% of Black people in the U.S. population.

In line with our goal to promote better care for people of color by addressing unconscious bias in healthcare, we co launched a cross sector partnership initiative, Unconscious Bias and Disparities in Healthcare: A Call to Action, with a Continuing Medical Education program at its core.

The program targets HCPs in communities of color and assists them to enact changes in their daily practice to improve patient care and outcomes.

Additionally, we maintained our sponsorship of the Alliance for Inclusion in Medicine Scholarship Program, a scholarship and mentorship commitment launched in 2021 with National Medical Fellowships (NMF) and the Alliance for Inclusion in Medicine (AIM).

Between 2021 and 2022, we welcomed two cohorts of underrepresented medical students 40 in total to the program and have committed over 2 million in scholarship funding across both cohorts.

With support from Johnson Johnson, NMF welcomed an inaugural cohort of 20 underrepresented medical students and selected a second cohort of second and third year medical school scholars.

AIM scholars were paired with a Johnson Johnson mentor to provide guidance and insight as these young scholars embark on their medical career journey.

Additionally, in 2022, we expanded our pioneering Climate and Health Equity Fellowship, which was created with the Medical Society Consortium on Climate and Health and the National Medical Association to support physicians of color to become leaders in climate and health equity education, advocacy and policy solutions.

Our increased contribution for the second class of Fellows supported 15 physicians from across the U.S., representing diverse specialties, advocacy experiences, cultural backgrounds and interests in climate and health, enhancing their leadership capabilities as medical professionals in caring for patients and for our planet.

We advance multiple initiatives to enhance the diversity of healthcare across several dimensions that include Johnson Johnson R D and outreach to community representatives and advocates.

One example is Research Includes Me, an initiative of Janssen that is a community focused campaign designed to create awareness and engagement within Black and Brown communities to elevate the discussion around clinical trials.

The campaign helps build trust based relationships with communities to provide clinical trial information and hosts an educational website to provide underrepresented patients with greater access to information and resources about clinical trial research.

In line with our commitment to advancing public health, we invest extensively in raising the quality of health and well being in the communities in which we live and work.

Johnson Johnson’s Global Community Impact (GCI) organization with funding from Johnson Johnson Foundation, the Corporation and operating companies across the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies drives our community giving initiatives around the world.

Aligned with our ESG strategy, and our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, as well as driving our ORTHE initiative, GCI specifically advances initiatives at the front line of healthcare with an ambitious public goal.

Progress in Supporting Frontline Health Workers (by 2030) Reached more than 570,000 nurses, midwives and community health workers in 2022, supporting over 1,300,000 frontline health workers in cumulative total.

We believe that if we solve the challenges facing frontline health workers, we will improve healthcare for everyone.

The Johnson Johnson Center for Health Worker Innovation ( the Center ), established in 2019, is tasked with guiding our 250 million commitment to support frontline health workers, with a goal of supporting one million nurses, midwives and community health workers by 2030.

Although we exceeded our one million goal in 2022, well in advance of our plan, we continue the work of the Center to provide critically needed support for community health workers.

Supporting community health workers across Africa: A professionalized workforce of community health workers, who engage daily with communities, is key to responding to disease outbreaks and making gains on longstanding global health priorities, including universal health coverage.

The Africa Frontline First Catalytic Fund (AFF CF) was launched in 2022 to support community health workers in 10 African countries with a 15 million commitment by the Johnson Johnson Foundation and a 10 million commitment by the Skoll Foundation.

These investments will be matched by The Global Fund to fight AIDS, TB and malaria.

The AFF CF will help accelerate progress and improve healthcare delivered at the community level, as well as ensure the women, who make up the large proportion of community health workers, are properly paid for their work.

The Fund aims to triple the number of salaried community health workers in sub Saharan Africa, expanding coverage to 100 million people by 2030.

By training, empowering and integrating community health workers into existing health systems, it’s possible to extend care and reduce the burden of disease for millions of people.

Our investment in the African Frontline First Catalytic Fund builds on more than 125 years of supporting health workers, especially in resource limited settings.

Strengthening community based health systems: The Center helped establish a Community Health Worker Think Tank, led by South Africa’s National Department of Health, to address critical gaps facing community health worker policy implementation and community level service delivery.

In Nigeria, the Center collaborated widely internally and externally to help create a roadmap of partnership opportunities to strengthen the nursing and midwifery workforce in Nigeria with an emphasis on mental health, oncology, and maternal and newborn health.

Also, the Center launched Basecamp for Health System Transformation with the School of System Change, a pilot program to nurture system change practitioners to build community health system capacity across Europe and sub Saharan Africa.

Harnessing the power of data: To support frontline health workers in making trusted, data driven decisions, the Center supported several thousand hours of pro bono data science services in sub Saharan Africa and leveraged data sets of millions of health encounters generated by more than 4,000 community health workers to improve data quality and inform best practices.

The Center is collaborating with DataKind and community based organizations to champion data collection practices that will enable health systems stakeholders to make healthcare delivery decisions backed by trusted data.

Helping health workers manage stress: To support health workers in managing stress, exacerbated during the COVID 19 pandemic, The Resilience Collaborative, the Center’s global learning community launched in 2021, grew to more than 600 members in 2022.

Open source resources, now including Spanish, Portuguese and Hindi translations, are being accessed by more than 300 organizations in 38 countries and assisting in raising awareness about ways to implement and evaluate evidence based programs for improved health worker resilience and well being.

Supporting supply chain training for health workers in Africa: Johnson Johnson provided funding to Empower School of Health to develop a free, online supply chain training curriculum that aims to help frontline health workers understand their role in the supply chain and delivery of essential medicines and treatments.

Empower School of Health delivered this training with the East, Central and Southern African College of Nursing and the Ecumenical Pharmaceutical Network.

After a successful pilot in Botswana and Kenya in 2022, the curriculum is currently being rolled out in three additional countries in 2023: Nigeria, Rwanda and South Africa.

Enhancing HCP education around the world: J J MedTech partnered with Advances in Surgery and other industry associations to provide more than 1 million HCPs with online webinars across a range of topics and specialties.

For example, a DEI series of 12 webinars was dedicated to discussing workplace challenges and best practices, and a Resilient Resident Series of 14 webinars targeted leading surgeons in their early career.

Overall, the suite of webinar series attracted more HCPs in 147 countries across more than 70 events.

Ethicon reignited its partnership with the Society of Black Academic Surgeons by expanding the Diverse Surgeons Initiative (DSI), a program focused on equipping promising minority surgical residents for fellowship attainment and faculty appointment.

The DSI supported clinical and technical training and mentorship for 14 surgical residents and will continue into 2023 to help them realize their potential as future surgical fellows and faculty leaders.

Of DSI participants from prior cohorts, 87% completed subspecialty fellowships and 41% obtained faculty positions following the next five years of their careers.

Wilson M. Aloubia, M.D., MSc., and LaDonna Kearse, M.D., practice their laparoscopic skills in a surgical training lab during Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0.

Johnson Johnson has proudly championed the nursing profession for more than a century.

With innovative mindsets, invaluable insights and hands on experience, nurses make healthcare systems work: When we work together to support nurses, we are advancing better healthcare for all.

Our goal is to work with like minded partners to attract and strengthen a thriving, innovative and diverse nursing workforce, empowered to advance health equity and transform healthcare.

We support and empower nurses through advocacy, scholarships, clinical and leadership education, events that teach and hone healthcare innovation skill sets, mental health resources and more.

Our work includes advocating for the fundamental value of the nursing profession, catalyzing a workplace culture and environment where nurses can thrive and strengthening diversity in nursing.

We bring greater awareness to the extraordinary impact that nurses have in healthcare through key activities and programs, including TV and social media advertising, storytelling on our See You Now podcast and through Notes on Nursing.

We are working to spark interest in the profession among diverse, prospective nursing students through a new series called The Future of Nursing is Me.

We also support events like NurseHack4Health that support nurse led innovation in healthcare.

Working in collaboration with SONSIEL and Microsoft, we launched our first Pitch A Thon to elevate and foster nurse led ideas for redesigning a healthy work environment where the workforce can thrive.

Nearly 40 nurse led, interdisciplinary health systems applied to the Pitch A Thon, and 10 were selected as finalists.

Representing the transformative power of nurse led innovation, three teams were awarded 260,000 in grant funding to bring their solutions to life.

Johnson Johnson Impact Ventures (JJIV) is a 50 million impact fund within the Johnson Johnson Foundation that invests in healthcare companies and entrepreneurs with innovative business models to improve health equity and access to affordable and quality care for under resourced patients around the world.

Financial returns from portfolio companies are reinvested, enabling further expansion of the fund’s impact.

JJIV also leverages Johnson Johnson’s network of experience and expertise in healthcare to provide resources, support and guidance to its portfolio companies.

Working with the JJIV team has allowed us to improve our thoughtfulness of how we create a business where impact outcomes are inextricably linked the bigger we are as a business, the more impact we achieve.

Progress was made in 2022, with new investments and approximately half of the 50 million fund having now been committed to companies across five continents.

Since joining the portfolio, these companies have reached 2.8 million patients directly and supported more than 61,000 HCPs.

Supporting the field: Fueled by the belief in the potential of market based solutions to address health equity issues, JJIV provided funding to early stage health impact entrepreneurs to develop their ideas through various external partnerships and programs.

JJIV also provided funding for Rock Health’s Equitable Investments Initiative to further research and publish a call to action report for greater investment in underrepresented entrepreneurs in the U.S. Additionally, JJIV helped fund the development of IRIS , an investment tool from the Global Impact Investing Network to assist investors to identify and support enterprises combating racial health disparities.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, Johnson Johnson is an essential part of the fabric of society in communities around the globe.

We care deeply about the well being of our communities, and we use our reach and share our resources with communities around the world, through collaborations and partnerships, to forge a healthier, more equitable future for all.

This chart includes Enterprise giving, including disaster relief, and the value of products donated by Janssen to JJPAF.

The significant increase in our giving was attributed to product donations to JJPAF.

Foundation: The Johnson Johnson Foundation is a registered charitable organization that is funded solely by the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies.

The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

These independent entities support region specific and global partnerships and initiatives, employee volunteering and disaster response activities.

Specific initiatives supported by the Foundation mentioned in this Report include the Center for Health Worker Innovation and Johnson Johnson Impact Ventures.

Enterprise: Across Johnson Johnson, both at the Enterprise level and through our operating companies in more than 60 countries of the world, we donate funds and products to regional or local causes aligned with Our Credo, Our Purpose and specific needs in local communities, including disaster relief.

These donations are at the discretion of local Johnson Johnson leaders and globally amount to hundreds of millions of dollars each year.

Patient Assistance: In the U.S., we support independent initiatives by donating medicines and funding to the Johnson Johnson Patient Assistance Foundation, Inc. (JJPAF), an independent nonprofit that helps eligible patients without insurance coverage receive prescription products donated by Johnson Johnson operating companies.

We continue to work with trusted partners, including Americares, Heart to Heart International, the Catholic Medical Mission Board, MAP International, MedShare and International Health Partners, on the front lines of care by coordinating product donations and supporting programs that help communities recover, rebuild and become resilient.

In the immediate aftermath of major disasters, we provide essential Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health products, as well as monetary donations and other support.

In 2022, building on a 15 year collaboration, Johnson Johnson and International Health Partners (IHP) debuted a shared global donation platform that harnesses best practices and scale to help communities in crisis recover, rebuild and regain resilience after disasters.

By offering increased visibility and alignment, as well as a streamlined, automated approvals system, this innovative technology is improving the speed of product donations across geographies.

War in Ukraine: We contributed more than 32 million overall to relief efforts, including cash and product donations in compliance with current international sanctions.

Our donations included both humanitarian support for refugees with a combined 10 million to the International Rescue Committee and International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, as well as products valued at more than 22 million, including medical devices, essential medicines and consumer health products such as first aid and feminine hygiene products.

Ian: We partnered with Americares and Gulf Coast Community Foundation to address immediate needs and restore health services in areas affected by Hurricane Ian in central Florida and Hurricane Fiona in Puerto Rico.

Heart to Heart International’s disaster response team provided free healthcare services in 2022.

Volcano in Tonga: We worked with UNICEF to address the needs of children and caregivers, following the eruption of the underwater volcano Hunga Tonga Hunga Ha’apai, which blanketed the majority of Tonga with volcanic ash, affecting nearly 80% of Tonga’s population and displacing more than 1,525 people, including more than 500 children.

Flooding in Kentucky: We joined with Americares in the aftermath of the devastating flooding that struck southeastern Kentucky to help restore health services at three clinics and support people displaced from their homes.

Earthquake in Indonesia: Following the earthquake that struck West Java, Indonesia, displacing more than 100,000 people, we provided, together with Project Hope, 10 community managed latrines with water tanks in two villages offering access to clean water and sanitation facilities.

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3 urges us all to work toward ensuring healthy lives and promoting well being for all ages, with a specific target to end epidemics, including HIV, tuberculosis and neglected tropical diseases by 2030.

Vaccine protection against, and treatments for, pandemic and epidemic diseases are critical to achieving this goal worldwide.

Providing access to and progressing the development of effective treatments and vaccines to combat some of the world’s deadliest diseases has long been a global public health priority for Johnson Johnson and an important part of our global health equity strategy.

We have amassed more than a century of experience in advancing novel treatment regimens and vaccines and facilitating access to address multiple diseases, including HIV, TB, COVID 19, Ebola and dengue, as well as addressing the growing threat of AMR.

For all of us at Johnson Johnson, Our Credo inspires us to be responsible to the communities in which we live and work and to the world community as well.

This is a core tenet of our approach to global health security, as we aim to stop the spread of life threatening diseases that have the potential to wipe out entire communities if left unchecked.

We have never been more determined to advance our plans to safeguard people against the threat of pandemics and epidemics.

Our approach envisions creating a robust health ecosystem to advance the availability and affordability of needed medicines and vaccines and facilitating access for all, including the world’s most vulnerable populations.

Efficacious management of vaccine administration, especially to combat urgent outbreaks of disease such as Ebola, can have a transformational impact on public health.

Expanding the use of our vaccination monitoring platform (VXNAID), one of our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, is a crucial step in advancing large scale immunization to protect people and save lives around the world.

We developed VXNAID, a vaccine agnostic digital platform that supports adherent vaccine administration in the framework of clinical studies or campaigns.

VXNAID is a digital tool that integrates innovative technologies to improve patient tracing, data management and communication to implement impactful vaccination campaigns in resource limited settings.

Between 2019 and 2021, the platform was deployed in a large scale Ebola vaccination campaign called UMURINZI in collaboration with the Government of Rwanda.

UMURINZI was the first large use case of the platform and fully vaccinated more than 203,000 Rwandans against Ebola with the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen, comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA BN Filo).

In 2022, VXNAID was optimized based on the UMURINZI campaign and the second generation platform shared as an open source code, enabling global and open access to the platform for any vaccination program.

In 2022, VXNAID was granted Digital Public Good designation by the Digital Public Goods Alliance and has been added to the Digital Public Goods registry.

Progress in Global Access Plans Continued evaluation and development of access plans for relevant pipeline assets, including for dengue.

Specific internal milestones set for 2022 progress were achieved.

Progress in Preventive Viral Vaccine Capabilities Demonstrated supply capabilities and access pathways for the Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine, including shipping 268 million COVID 19 vaccines in 2022.

Captured processes internally for future documentation in playbook.

Internal and external pandemic preparedness activities continue across several potential threats.

Progress in Vaccination Monitoring Platform Platform implemented in 2021 in the WHO Solidarity Trial Vaccines for COVID 19 vaccines and continued in 2022, including expansion to new countries.

Achieved external endorsement with the designation as a Digital Public Good (DPG) by the Digital Public Goods Alliance and addition to the Digital Public Goods registry.

Optimized platform and shared as an open source code, enabling global open access to the platform for any vaccination program.

Completed registered trademark filing of the platform name: VXNAID.

In 2021, VXNAID was adopted by the WHO for use in its Solidarity Trial Vaccines (STV), an international, multi vaccine clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of COVID 19 vaccines.

The use of the platform in the STV program was acknowledged by the WHO in a public statement.27 In 2022, VXNAID was further deployed in the STV program and expanded to other countries.

VXNAID has been shared as an open source code, enabling global and open access for any vaccination program.

Johnson Johnson is committed to addressing the dual gap in innovation and health equity through the establishment of the J J Centers for Global Health Discovery.

In joining forces with academic institutions, leveraging regional networks and growing in scope, the Centers provide long term opportunities to support talent in the discovery sciences and hopefully speed up the discovery of novel mechanisms to tackle expanding and emerging challenges in global health.

It is critical that we invest in locally led innovation to advance breakthrough science globally.

The J J Centers for Global Health Discovery are the latest chapter in our efforts to advance solutions for growing health threats in the areas where the research is needed most.

South Africa: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) Centre, University of Cape Town, focuses on outpacing the rising threat of AMR.

Singapore: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at Duke NUS in Singapore focuses on catalyzing investment and bolstering discovery of flaviviruses.

Dr. Anil Koul and Amarnath Sharma at the launch of the J J Satellite Center for Global Disease Discovery at the Duke NUS Campus in Singapore.

Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers.

In 2022, our BLUE KNIGHT collaboration made further progress with portfolio companies having raised 160 million in secured and contingent funding by the end of the year.

The BLUE KNIGHT joint initiative was created between JLABS and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

It is dedicated to anticipating potential health security threats with the aim of developing effective responses in our rapidly evolving global health environment.

BLUE KNIGHT offers physical residency at select JLABS locations, as well as a virtual engagement option, and portfolio companies are eligible to receive access to JLABS resources and programming, along with dedicated mentorship from Johnson Johnson and BARDA.

BLUE KNIGHT expanded its portfolio of companies to include 27 companies by the end of 2022, of which 36% are female led, 36% are minority led and 68% are first time entrepreneurs.

Collaboration across healthcare sectors and the larger life science ecosystem can be critical to forging a safer, healthier future.

The innovation of today can impact our approach to potential solutions of the future.

Held our second BLUE KNIGHT Symposium, bringing people together virtually and in person at the newly opened JLABS Washington, DC, our BLUE KNIGHT hub.

The Symposium facilitated a global conversation with innovators, investors, partners and thought leaders to discover and accelerate next generation solutions for future pandemics, emerging infectious diseases and other known and unknown health threats.

More than 1,800 people from 50 countries registered for the event.

Melinda Richter, Global Head of JLABS and Gary Disbrow, BARDA Director, join the 2022 BLUE KNIGHT Symposium.

Launched our first BLUE KNIGHT QuickFire Challenge, inviting innovators from across the globe to submit potentially groundbreaking ideas or technologies that aim to enhance preparedness toward future known and unknown infectious disease threats.

Four awardees were selected to take their potential health security solutions to the next level.

Enhanced the reach and influence of the BLUE KNIGHT community through participation in several events and congresses, including the Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense meeting, Banding Together: Partnerships for Biodefense.

The meeting examined ways to incentivize and manage partnerships between the federal government and industry, academia and NGOs to drive technology innovation and improve biological intelligence for current and future threats.

Three BLUE KNIGHT companies presented their next generation preparedness solutions at the meeting, the first time that early stage companies were invited to speak to the Commission, showcasing the power of public private partnerships to accelerate scientific and technological advancements.

Being selected as a BLUE KNIGHT company generated an immediate increase in scientific credibility, exposure to potential partners and investors and this would have taken us much longer to do on our own as a small company.

Acting with urgency at the onset of COVID 19, Johnson Johnson galvanized resources to help halt the pandemic through developing an easy to deploy vaccine, obtaining regulatory authorizations, building supply chain capabilities and engaging with partners around the world to support health systems and healthcare providers involved in combating COVID 19.

From the beginning, we identified new and impactful ways to optimize clinical trials, reach diverse communities and ensure appropriate representation from all populations in our research.

In 2021 and 2022, the Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine received multiple regulatory authorizations, emergency use waivers and import permits in many countries worldwide, including 50 countries in Africa.

Johnson Johnson delivered more than 268 million COVID 19 vaccines in 2022, with more than 85% launch to date shipped to LMICs.

For more information related to our COVID 19 vaccine, see our 2022 Annual Report.

At Johnson Johnson, we have been committed to fighting HIV for decades.

Together, we are helping to advance science, enable access and collaborate to improve lives around the world in a determined effort to make HIV history.

Though there have been significant advances in prevention since the beginning of the global epidemic, 1.5 million people acquired HIV in 2021 alone,28 underscoring the high unmet need for new options.

That’s why we must continue to drive out inequalities in access to HIV treatment while making HIV treatment easier, more effective and more available for everyone.

We remain focused on helping transform HIV from a terminal illness into a manageable condition, enabling those affected by the virus to enjoy productive lives.

Our best science, the passion and dedication of our scientists and our extensive collaborations have enabled us to again make significant progress in 2022.

New and expanded U.S. regulatory approvals for HIV treatment: Our fruitful collaboration with ViiV Healthcare has helped to deliver a new and meaningful treatment option, with the world’s first, complete long acting injectable (LAI) HIV treatment regimen.

The LAI regimen includes two ARV drugs, one developed by Janssen (rilpivirine) and the other by ViiV Healthcare (cabotegravir).

This regimen is also known as CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) in the U.S.

Both the once monthly and the every two months versions of this HIV LAI treatment regimen for adults have been approved by health authorities in Europe, Switzerland and Canada.

Additionally, the once monthly version has been approved by the health authority in Australia.

In 2022, the FDA approved a label update for the product, giving HCPs and people living with HIV in the U.S. the option to start this once monthly or every two month injectable treatment without the need for the oral lead in phase.

Additionally, in 2022, the FDA approved CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) for adolescents who are 12 years of age or older as the first and only LAI HIV regimen to be made available for eligible adolescents, reducing the daily pill burden through a treatment offered as few as six days per year.

Regulatory approvals and studies in resource limited settings: In 2022, the HIV LAI regimen was approved by the Botswana Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first approval of our co developed HIV LAI regimen in a resource limited country.

We continue to seek regulatory approvals in additional RLS, including regulatory submissions in South Africa in 2021 and Thailand in 2022.

This longer acting treatment regimen could be potentially game changing for young people with HIV, particularly since it’s not pill based.

Progress in Access to HIV Treatment Registration approval was received from the Botswana Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first RLS approval of the co developed HIV LAI regimen (Janssen’s rilpivirine LA with ViiV Healthcare’s cabotegravir LA).

Clinical studies are ongoing to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and adolescents across multiple countries in sub Saharan Africa.

We are also conducting and or supporting four key additional clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy (randomized controlled trials), as well as the feasibility and acceptability (implementation research), of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and adolescents across four sub Saharan African countries: Kenya, South Africa, Uganda and Zimbabwe.

Cabotegravir And Rilpivirine Efficacy and Safety Study (CARES study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adults.

Long Acting Treatment in Adolescents (LATA study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adolescents.

Acceptability and Feasibility of Long acting Injectable ART in Adolescents (AFINAty study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adolescents and.

Improving HIV 1 Control in Africa With Long Acting Antiretrovirals (IMPALA study) in HIV 1 infected adults with a history of suboptimal adherence.

Combating pediatric HIV: In addition to the FDA approval of the HIV LAI regimen for adolescents, our work to expand improved solutions for children living with HIV is ongoing.

A combination tablet, containing our product PREZISTA (darunavir) in a fixed dose combination with ritonavir 50mg, received WHO Prequalification in 2022 and is helping meet treatment needs as a second line treatment for adults and children.

Johnson Johnson has had a specific policy since 2012 not to enforce the patents it owns and controls on PREZISTA (darunavir) in sub Saharan Africa and Least Developed Countries.

In 2015, we expanded the geographical scope of the policy for pediatric products used in LMICs.

Johnson Johnson is a co founder of the New Horizons Collaborative, which aims to improve treatment and care for children and young adults with HIV in 11 countries across the region through drug donation and capacity building.

In 2021, Johnson Johnson, in collaboration with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation,31 renewed our commitment to the initiative, pledging to extend our darunavir donation program and continue enrolling new pediatric and young adult HIV patients through at least 2025.

This is also an important step toward meeting our commitments to help tackle the challenge of pediatric HIV as part of the Rome 5 Paediatric HIV and TB Action Plan.

In 2022, more than 1,700 children were enrolled in this treatment program in sub Saharan African countries.

HIV prevention for women and girls: The dapivirine vaginal ring, recommended in 2021 by the WHO as an additional prevention choice for women as part of a combination of prevention approaches, received approval in 2022 from the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority for use by women aged 18 and older to help reduce their risk of contracting HIV.

Several approvals in Africa have been received, and there are additional applications currently pending.

Learning from HIV vaccine trials: In January 2023, together with a consortium of global partners, we discontinued Mosaico, our large scale efficacy study in the Americas and Europe, that aimed to test the safety and efficacy of a specific composition of an investigational HIV vaccine regimen among men who have sex with men and transgender individuals.

The study’s independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board determined that the regimen was not effective in preventing HIV infection compared to placebo among study participants.

A mother and daughter wait to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, Uganda.

The dapivirine ring is a long acting HIV prevention method designed specifically for women.

It was developed by the International Partnership for Microbicides under an exclusive license from Janssen for use of its ARV compound and is now owned by Population Council.

The flexible, silicone ring is discreet, easy to use, has minimal side effects and only needs to be replaced monthly.

Johnson Johnson was a founding member of the MenStar Coalition, which has helped more than 3 million men living with HIV in sub Saharan Africa get into treatment, with 95% becoming virally suppressed.

While we are disappointed with the study outcome, it serves to underscore the unique challenges that have faced the global scientific community in the over 40 year search for an HIV vaccine, and we are hopeful that learning from Mosaico may provide important data in the ongoing fight against HIV.

We remain committed to seeking innovative solutions for HIV.

Learn more about our progress in helping make HIV history.

A child waits to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, Uganda.

The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies.

The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

The challenge to end tuberculosis (TB) remains a priority for healthcare, especially in resource limited settings.

At Johnson Johnson, we continue to meet this challenge, both in the lab and at the last mile of health, driven by our 10 year TB initiative and two decades of experience in the fight against TB.

More than three years since the start of the COVID 19 pandemic, the world is still fighting to regain progress that had been made in combating TB.

Globally, the estimated number of deaths from TB increased between 2019 and 2021, reversing years of decline between 2005 and 2019.

Rising AMR and the missing millions of undiagnosed people continue to be challenges.

In 2022, we made great strides to help reignite the global fight against TB through our collaborations, continue our commitment to our patients, reinvest in the development of new treatments and advocate on behalf of the people most affected by TB.

Without treatment, the death rate from TB is high (about 50%).

Progress in Access to Tuberculosis (TB) Treatment In 2022, 134,000 patients received access to bedaquiline potentially averting 1.2 million new MDR TB infections.

From 2021 2022, 269,000 patients received access to bedaquiline, potentially averting 2.4 million new MDR TB infections.

Progress in Developing TB Treatment Continued clinical development for a novel, collaborative asset, including dosing completed in a Phase I study.

Progress was also made with consortia groups, including.

UNITE4TB and PAN TB, using bedaquiline as a key component in several studies.

As a global healthcare company, Johnson Johnson is committed to utilizing our unique strengths, including our decades of experience in research and development and our deep understanding of insights and behavior change to help end the TB pandemic.

December 2022 marked 10 years since the accelerated approval of SIRTURO (bedaquiline) by the FDA.

When Johnson Johnson received approval for SIRTURO (bedaquiline) in 2012, it was the first TB medicine with a novel mechanism of action in more than 40 years.

Since then, bedaquiline has been recommended by the WHO as a core component of all oral treatment regimens for MDR TB and is available to countries representing 99% of the global TB burden.

A mother who is receiving treatment for TB and her three children in Gqeberha, South Africa.

Studies such as these help underscore the importance of bedaquiline in helping solve one of today’s greatest global health challenges and reinforce confidence in the effectiveness of the treatment in adults, adolescents and children.

This milestone represents a critical part of our 10 year initiative to help end TB, but our work continues.

Johnson Johnson is continuing to collaborate across sectors to enable access to our medicine for MDR TB patients around the world, with a focus on expanding access to the pediatric formulation of bedaquiline as part of the Rome 5 Action Plan and safeguarding its long term effectiveness through careful stewardship.

Beyond our medicine, we are also continuing to support global efforts to help find the missing millions of people with undiagnosed TB and advance innovative R D to develop the next generation of TB treatments.

Since 2012, bedaquiline has been registered in 72 countries, more than any other medicine specifically developed for the treatment of MDR TB, advancing availability to countries with the greatest need.

A scientist conducting TB research at Groote Schuur Research Centre, South Africa.

In 2022, new scientific data was generated to support the safety and efficacy of bedaquiline.

The STREAM Stage 2 clinical trial is the world’s largest clinical trial for MDR TB and was conducted by the Medical Research Council Clinical Trials Unit at University College London and sponsored by Vital Strategies, Inc. With nearly 600 participants enrolled, from eight countries on three continents, the trial found both bedaquiline containing regimens, a nine month oral regimen and a six month regimen with eight weeks of second line injectable, had superior efficacy compared with a nine month injectable containing regimen, with fewer cases of hearing loss.

Additionally, a study39 of more than 5,000 patients with MDR TB from 14 sites in South Africa showed that treatment with a bedaquiline containing regimen was associated with better survival and effectiveness compared to non bedaquiline containing regimens in patients with MDR TB.

In 2022, the Project to Accelerate New Treatments for Tuberculosis (PAN TB) collaboration announced the execution of a joint development agreement (JDA) supporting the progression of two investigational TB combination treatment regimens into Phase 2 clinical development.

The collaboration will evaluate whether the novel regimens, which combine registered products and new chemical entities, can effectively treat all forms of active pulmonary TB using substantially shorter treatment durations than existing drug regimens, with the goal of identifying a regimen suitable for Phase 3 development.

Recognizing that no single organization produces the full range of drugs needed to respond to TB, the PAN TB collaboration brings together philanthropic, nonprofit and private sector organizations to accelerate the development of novel, shorter drug regimens to treat all forms of TB.

Alongside Johnson Johnson’s bedaquiline, four additional antimicrobial agents are to be evaluated under the new JDA.

Today, our medicine has become the backbone of WHO recommended all oral treatment regimens for nearly all DR TB patients, and this PAN TB collaboration will allow us to further explore our medicine’s potential to help transform TB treatment for patients in need while maintaining its long term effectiveness in the face of rising antimicrobial resistance.

In addition to PAN TB, our membership in several research collaborations and consortia is ongoing.

UNITE4TB: This global consortium of 30 collaborators from.

During the first year of the project, a sponsor was chosen for the first Phase 2 clinical trials innovative clinical trial designs were developed and the project shortlisted the first trial sites in Africa, Asia, Europe and South America.

ERA4TB: The ERA4TB initiative integrates more than 30 organizations from the EU and the U.S. over a six year period starting from 2020 to develop at least two or more new combination regimens with treatment shortening potential ready for Phase 2 clinical evaluation.

RESPIRI TB: An international research consortium of eight European academic and biotechnology organizations, IMI RESPIRI TB aims to develop a new, more efficient combination drug regimen to cure MDR TB, with a focus on shortening treatment duration and minimizing the likelihood of resistance.

EU PEARL: A strategic consortia between the public and private sectors to shape the future of clinical trials, developing the specific Investigational Research Platform frameworks for trials ready to operate in disease areas still facing high unmet need.

Our GPH organization jointly leads the working group on TB, and, in 2022, the group presented a new approach to designing an adaptive platform trial for TB.

On World TB Day in 2022, Johnson Johnson came together with the global community to progress a series of initiatives in high burden countries aimed at helping to empower a generation of youth to end TB.

The initiatives advance global efforts to help find the missing millions of people living with undiagnosed TB and are part of Johnson Johnson’s 10 year initiative to help drive progress toward ending the disease by 2030, aligned with a target of UN SDG 3.

Through wide collaboration, our initiatives aimed to engage young people to drive health seeking behavior, build community awareness, improve active case finding and reduce stigma to enhance early diagnosis of TB, all with a goal of encouraging people with TB to seek the care and treatment they need.

China: In 2022, we celebrated the conclusion of a three year collaboration with the Chinese government on TB, as China is one of 30 high burden TB countries.

Our role was to assist the Chinese government in addressing the TB challenge across the country and build evidence to support policy suggestions and technical solutions to the National Health Commission of China to further improve diagnosis rates.

The project was carried out across a population of about 10 million in the three prefectures of Ganzhou, Linfen and Yulin and involved training healthcare providers, improving access to molecular tests for high risk populations and streamlining TB case reporting and tracking mechanisms.

Additionally, we collaborated to launch a youth volunteer and patient finding initiative in the Sichuan and Zhejiang provinces and supported public awareness campaigns focused on TB, including the I’m a Great Doctor TB special on Beijing TV.

We are proud to work with our key partners in China to drive impact against TB.

Based on the successful outcome of the program, we will extend the key elements and integrated models achieved in the project to more places to continue to help enable a TB free China.

India: In collaboration with the National TB Elimination.

Program in India, we launched a youth focused, digital first campaign called Be the Change: Badlaav ( change in Hindi).

Through social media, chatbots and more, the initiative aims to create youth changemakers for TB to encourage health seeking behavior, increase awareness about the disease and build youth engagement and participation in support of the Indian government’s vision of a TB free India.

Additionally, with sponsorship from Johnson Johnson, the MTV Staying Alive Foundation expanded on the success of MTV Nishedh, a youth focused edutainment campaign in India, by launching a new season in November 2022.

As part of this initiative, the Foundation developed a 10 episode drama series focused on the lives of young people in India and touched on TB storylines in an effort to raise awareness around the disease, reduce stigma and promote early detection of symptoms.

Southeast Asia: Johnson Johnson launched TB Warriors, an initiative in collaboration with the National TB programs of Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam to educate youth about TB in a fun and entertaining way using social media, mobile games and more.

In the Philippines, we also collaborated with the Philippine Tuberculosis Society, Inc. to launch a youth community case finding initiative, from awareness to care.

South Africa: Building on our pediatric DR TB collaboration with Aquity Innovations in South Africa, the Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland and Aquity collaborated with EPCON to launch an initiative to improve health seeking behavior among youth and conduct a new insight study to better understand barriers to care for children and youth.

Every individual and every organization has the potential to make an impact in the fight against TB.

With the power of multisector partnerships coming together in numbers and uniting under one common cause, we can help turn the tide against this devastating disease once and for all.

Our engagement with the Ending Workplace TB initiative, a multisectoral collaboration that we co launched in 2020, continued.

In 2022, the initiative grew from 24 to 48 multinational companies pledging to address TB in their workforce.

Learn more about our progress in helping to end TB.

Over the past three decades, Ebola outbreaks have become larger and more frequent.

In the last decade alone, the two deadliest outbreaks on record in West Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo further underscored the urgent need for innovation to protect communities at risk.

Ebola is a significant and growing health threat that was recently ranked by the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention among the pathogens with the highest risk trajectory and epidemic potential.

In 2022 alone, there were three outbreaks one in Uganda was caused by the rarer Sudan ebolavirus, for which there is no approved vaccine or treatment.

These outbreaks not only cause significant economic disruption, illness and loss of life, but they are particularly dangerous to healthcare workers and others working on the front lines.

At Johnson Johnson, our vision is to protect people at risk of Ebola by preventing outbreaks before they can begin.

We accelerated the development of our vaccine regimen in response to the 2014 outbreak in West Africa to help stop the spread in outbreak adjacent areas.

Today, Johnson Johnson’s two dose Ebola vaccine regimen comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA BN Filo) is indicated for active immunization of disease caused by the Ebola virus (Zaire ebolavirus species) in individuals 1 year of age.

Additionally, the WHO’s Strategic Advisory Group of Experts has recommended the proactive use of our Ebola vaccine regimen in non outbreak settings to protect those most at risk, like healthcare workers and frontline workers.

With this recommendation, countries have an additional tool to deploy in national pandemic prevention strategies and protect critical health and security infrastructure in countries living under the threat of this disease.

As of December 2022, more than 264,000 people worldwide had received a first dose of our Ebola vaccine regimen, including 242,000 who had been fully vaccinated.

In 2022, additional data on the safety and immunogenicity of our Ebola vaccine regimen was published in The New England Journal of Medicine.42 The data was generated in the Phase 2 clinical trial of the Partnership for Research on Ebola VACcinations (PREVAC), which evaluated our Ebola vaccine regimen, among others, in 2,800 participants across trial sites in Guinea, Liberia, Mali and Sierra Leone.

These results add to a growing body of scientific literature that demonstrate the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen has a favorable safety profile, is well tolerated and induces a robust immune response against the Zaire Ebola virus species in adults and children (aged 1 17 years).

Prequalification, our regimen received new regulatory Marketing Authorizations in C te d’Ivoire and Ghana in 2022 and in Rwanda, Sierra Leone and Uganda in early 2023.

These continued approvals are key to enabling access to our vaccine regimen for people and communities who live under the threat of Ebola.

We believe that through proactive use of our Ebola vaccine, the global health community can help protect vulnerable communities living under the threat of this disease.

A scientist works in the lab on formulations for Ebola treatments in Leiden, Netherlands.

In 2019, Johnson Johnson supported the government of Rwanda and other partners to advance the Unprecedented Movement to drive a Unified Rwandan Initiative for National EBOLA Immunization (UMURINZI), a large scale vaccination effort to prevent Ebola along the Rwandan border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

We shared insights from UMURINZI at a symposium at the 2nd Annual International Conference on Public Health in Africa in Rwanda.

The UMURINZI campaign vaccinated more than 203,000 people with our Ebola vaccine regimen and provides valuable experience that can be used to help prevent and respond quickly to the threat of a pandemic.

Our INGABO study, which was established as part of UMURINZI to evaluate the vaccine in healthy pregnant women, continued through 2022 with enrollment of 2,000 patients completed and 1,800 fully vaccinated by the end of the year.

This is Johnson Johnson’s first pregnancy vaccine trial.

With positive results, it would offer the only Ebola prevention option for pregnant women as part of our vision to halt the spread of Ebola.

In May 2021, the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen was granted a temporary use authorization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to support the planned prophylactic deployment of our vaccine regimen to help prevent future outbreaks.

Johnson Johnson is collaborating with the Ministry of Health, Hygiene and Prevention of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, acting through its National Institute for Biomedical Research, to launch a new Ebola prevention program in Mbandaka and other parts of quateur province.

The program, launched in early 2023, aims to strengthen local capacity with expanded capabilities to prevent Ebola outbreaks and respond more swiftly when outbreaks occur.

Johnson Johnson is donating 45,000 Ebola vaccine regimens and working closely to support capacity development.

Learn more about our progress in preventing the spread of Ebola.

Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) are a cause of significant illness, disability and death, especially among children in some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable communities.

In 2022, we renewed our commitment to fight NTDs by joining the global community, including governments, foundations, nonprofit organizations and other pharmaceutical companies, to endorse the Kigali Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases.

Together, we are recommitting to our long established efforts to control and eliminate NTDs, a set of debilitating diseases that put at risk the health of 1.7 billion people43 around the world, especially the most vulnerable and under resourced.

Donating more than 2.2 billion doses of VERMOX (mebendazole): For more than 15 years, Johnson Johnson has been at the forefront of global efforts to beat NTDs, donating more than 2.2 billion doses of VERMOX (mebendazole) for the treatment of intestinal worms to field partners in more than 60 countries.

This was further bolstered by the development of a new chewable formulation of VERMOX (mebendazole) in 2019 that can be easily administered to children as young as 1 year of age, supporting the training of community health workers, enabling better data management and supporting the development of new diagnostics.

Through tireless and collaborative efforts, countless children in need have been given the opportunity to recover, play, learn and thrive.

Since 2006, the VERMOX (mebendazole) program donated more than 2.2 billion doses, treating up to 100 million patients annually in 61 countries.

More than 200 million doses of VERMOX Chewable were donated in 2022 alone.

We also invited scientists from across the APAC and Oceania regions to take part in our Global Health Discovery QuickFire Challenge: Flavivirus Infections.

The challenge aimed to attract potentially groundbreaking ideas to treat, control or prevent flavivirus disease.

The innovator(s) with the best potential solution receive grant funding from a total pool of up to 300,000 access to the JLABS APAC community, including a dedicated workstation for one year at JLABS Shanghai and mentorship from Johnson Johnson experts.

Preliminary data from Janssen’s Phase 2a proof of concept study show promising results for bedaquiline for the treatment of leprosy.

We shared these results at the 21st International Leprosy Congress 2022, noting that our compound bedaquiline appears to be generally well tolerated when dosed as monotherapy over a period of eight weeks in a leprosy study population consisting of multibacillary leprosy patients, the most advanced form of leprosy, followed by 12 months of a WHO recommended leprosy treatment regimen.

The preliminary data mark an important milestone in Johnson Johnson’s pledge to advance research and development programs and generate the evidence needed to explore innovative treatment options to tackle leprosy.

Centre for Drug Design and Discovery in Belgium, has developed a dengue specific antiviral compound with a novel mechanism of action that could potentially protect against and treat all dengue serotypes.

Dengue eradication or elimination is not feasible due to existing animal reservoirs and limitations of current protective measures against the multiple strains and serotypes circulating.

The toolbox to combat dengue needs to grow, and antivirals could be a vital new tool, helping to slow down outbreaks and limit epidemic levels of cases.

Upon proof of concept in a non human primate model, and following results from our first in human Phase 1 double blind study that showed the compound is safe and well tolerated, we progressed in 2022 to Phase 2a clinical studies to evaluate our antiviral compound for prevention and treatment of dengue.

One study is a human challenge study conducted in collaboration with Johns Hopkins University, University of Vermont and NIH.

The other is being conducted in collaboration with Singapore’s Duke NUS Medical School, which is also home to Johnson Johnson’s third Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery in APAC, launched in June 2022.

This Satellite Center aims to catalyze investment and bolster R D infrastructure for flaviviruses and builds on Johnson Johnson’s decade long legacy and ongoing collaboration with Duke NUS in public health research.

The establishment of the Satellite Center at Duke NUS builds upon our strong track record in flavivirus research and bench to bedside innovations and will facilitate antiviral drug discovery for the prevention and treatment of flavivirus associated diseases that are affecting communities in Southeast Asia and beyond.

Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is already a crisis, made even more concerning by the COVID 19 pandemic.

As microorganisms develop resistance to medicines that millions of people have relied upon for years, common diseases are becoming difficult or impossible to cure and the spread of infections harder to control.

Johnson Johnson is one of the top three companies leading the way in addressing the complex health challenge of AMR, as assessed by the independent Access to Medicine Foundation in its third AMR Benchmark published in 2021.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, with a purpose to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity, we care deeply about reversing the development of AMR.

Rising AMR has been ranked among the most significant health threats facing the world by the WHO and, left uncontrolled, could turn routine infections and surgical procedures into life or death situations.

Invasive ExPEC Disease (IED), such as sepsis, caused by the nine most prevalent serotypes of ExPEC, in adults aged 60 years and older.

It is a multicenter event driven vaccine efficacy study featuring a group sequential design and includes over 18,500 adults aged 60 years and older with one or more additional risk factors for invasive disease.

To help counter the AMR threat, Johnson Johnson has committed to investing in and advancing critical science, as well as providing access to antibiotics and safeguarding their long term effectiveness, to meet public health needs.

As part of these efforts, Janssen is leading the pursuit for novel vaccines and therapeutics to tackle a range of drug resistant infections, including DR TB and E. coli.

Specifically, our decades of investment in helping end TB is a critical contributor to our efforts to outpace AMR.

Johnson Johnson is also a founding member of the AMR Action Fund and the AMR Industry Alliance, which are focused on creating the sustainable ecosystem of investment and innovation to tackle the AMR threat.

In 2022, the AMR Action Fund made its first investments in two companies, Adaptive Phage Therapeutics and Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, promising to deliver innovations that can change the treatment landscape for drug resistant infections and advance the AMR Action Fund’s goal of bringing two to four new antibiotics to market within a decade.

Our 100 million commitment to the Fund is helping advance toward this goal.

Advancing our ExPEC vaccine: ExPEC is one of the leading pathogens in the AMR crisis.

Antibiotics have been the backbone of modern medicine for more than a century, but increasing resistance threatens to render them ineffective.

Our innovation in new antibiotic drug discovery must outpace this rising threat of multi or extreme drug resistant pathogens.

Dedicating resources to AMR science: In 2022, we expanded our J J Centers for Global Health Discovery (J J Centers) with the launch of the Johnson Johnson Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) Centre at the University of Cape Town in South Africa.

This Satellite Center is working to drive new solutions to address the present and rising threat of AMR with a specific focus on multidrug resistant Gram negative bacteria (MDR GNB).

Teams from Janssen and H3D will leverage their combined global, institutional and regional strengths to bolster the early stage science, innovation and talent development needed to tackle AMR.

Research at the new Satellite Center will build on Johnson Johnson’s decades of work accelerating innovation from the lab to last mile of healthcare to outpace the threat of AMR.

We must come together to advance investment in African led innovation to protect the health of our communities and the world.

It is critical that local researchers have the opportunity to investigate the challenges that impact their communities without having to leave those communities.

This collaboration will further foster the talent and provide the tools and opportunity needed to create innovative solutions in public health.

Sharing data to accelerate AMR research: In 2022, we were pleased to commit to participating in a groundbreaking data sharing initiative to increase understanding of AMR, launched by nonprofit Vivli.

The AMR Register makes it possible for biopharmaceutical companies to share susceptibility data on infection causing pathogens for the first time ever in one online platform, marking a critical step in combating the growing global health threat of AMR.

With the active participation from leading pharmaceutical and biotech enterprises, including Johnson Johnson, researchers will be able to use the AMR Register to translate masses of AMR surveillance data into meaningful action that saves lives and preserves antibiotics for future generations.

Innovation has been an essential part of the fabric of Johnson Johnson for more than 135 years.

Thanks to the incredible efforts of the tens of thousands of scientists, researchers, engineers, designers and clinicians, we have pioneered multiple breakthroughs to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

We advance innovation at Johnson Johnson across many channels, as outlined in our Position on Innovation.

With an R D investment of more than 14 billion in the past year, we are walking the talk.

This investment has a dual benefit: patients globally gain access to the most advanced treatments and Johnson Johnson continues to have a leading impact in healthcare markets currently, with 30 brands or platforms that generate more than 1 billion of revenue annually, our investment in innovation continues to be a key element of our success.

Chairman and CEO Joaquin Duato and Janssen R D employees at the opening of the San Francisco Bay Campus.

In 2022, we opened our latest state of the art Janssen R D facility, more than doubling our R D presence in the San Francisco Bay Area.

Located in one of the world’s most established global hubs for innovation, the campus bridges key scientific and technological capabilities by co locating Janssen R D and Johnson Johnson Innovation, further integrating the Company into the Bay Area’s innovation ecosystem to strengthen and increase collaborations with innovators and accelerate growth.

Our new science facility in the Bay Area further strengthens our R D capabilities and transforms how we discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines faster and more efficiently.

By integrating drug discovery, data science and digital health, we aim to accelerate the growth of our best in class portfolio and deliver better health outcomes for people worldwide.

Throughout the world, we also expanded our J J Centers for Global Health Discovery that advance healthcare science, targeting pressing challenges in global health in the regions of greatest need.

In 2022, we launched two Satellite Centers one in South Africa to address the threat of AMR and one in Singapore to focus on dengue and other flaviviruses.

Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers and about innovation across Johnson Johnson Innovation, as well as Janssen R D.

Our Pharmaceutical R D organization advances our purpose to change the trajectory of health for humanity by pursuing breakthroughs across a wide range of therapeutic areas and biological pathways, applying our expertise in small molecules, monoclonal antibodies, cell and gene therapies and RNA therapeutics.

We delivered numerous recent achievements across several therapeutic areas in 2022.

I have been following the innovations led by Johnson Johnson’s pharmaceutical teams over many years, and I am deeply honored to have recently joined the talented Pharmaceutical R D team.

Pharmaceutical innovation is a critical component of global progress in healthcare, and Johnson Johnson’s significant investments will enable us to discover and develop transformational medicines that improve human health for the patients we serve around the world.

In line with our strategy to address unique cellular targets through immunotherapy treatment regimens, and our deep expertise in multiple myeloma, we realized breakthrough developments in multiple myeloma therapies in 2022, addressing high unmet need to profoundly impact the lives of patients living with this form of cancer.

EU and FDA approval of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) was granted for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after four or more prior lines of therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory.

CARVYKTI is a chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapy that works by harnessing the patient’s own immune system, or T cells, to attack cancer cells.

Learn more from stories from real patients treated with CARVYKTI and their caregivers.

EU and FDA approvals of TECVAYLI (teclistamab), a novel, first in class, T cell redirecting bispecific antibody that activates the body’s immune system to fight cancer, were granted for the treatment of patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma.

These milestones marked significant developments for heavily pre treated patients who have limited treatment options today.

Given the heterogeneity of the disease, multiple myeloma is incredibly challenging to treat.

Nonetheless, the dedication of those at Janssen working to cure this disease has enabled the conceptualization and execution of a rich R D program that enabled a significant step forward for the entire multiple myeloma community.

FDA breakthrough therapy designation was granted for talquetamab, a first in class bispecific antibody for the treatment of heavily pretreated patients living with multiple myeloma.

EU marketing authorization was granted for the expanded use of our IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) in a fixed duration combination regimen for adults with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.

This marks the first ever approval of IMBRUVICA in a fixed duration regimen for patients with this form of cancer.

FDA approval for IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) was granted as the first and only treatment for children under 12 with chronic graft versus host disease (cGVHD), a life threatening complication that can occur after a stem cell or bone marrow transplant, when newly transplanted donor cells attack the transplant recipient’s body.

Transplant is sometimes used to treat children with hemoglobin problems such as sickle cell anemia or thalassemia and for children suffering from leukemia.

Seeking new cancer treatments: Janssen Oncology and.

Hangzhou DAC Biotechnology, a discovery and clinical stage biotechnology company, formed a research collaboration and license agreement with an aim to discover and develop novel antibody drug conjugate candidates for up to five targets using DAC Biotechnology’s expertise and innovative platform combined with Janssen Oncology’s proprietary antibodies.

This research collaboration will focus on prostate cancer, hematologic malignancies and solid tumor targeted therapy to help maximize the impact of early stage research to meet the significant unmet need in cancer related healthcare challenges.

Optimizing CAR cell treatment: Janssen Biotech formed a research collaboration with Serotiny, a gene and cell therapy development company, to leverage Serotiny’s multi protein domain discovery platform and Janssen’s antibody development and cell therapy expertise to create next generation CAR based cell therapies.

This collaboration has the potential to advance scientific innovation to develop next generation cellular therapies with improved therapeutic function and enhanced clinical benefit that could positively impact the lives of patients and families.

We seek to redefine the standard of care for people living with immune mediated diseases by focusing on unmet patient need and actionable science.

STELARA received FDA approval for treatment of pediatric patients aged six years and older with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA).

TREMFYA celebrated its five year milestone of the approval of this treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis.

In 2022, Janssen published a comprehensive analysis, demonstrating that TREMFYA ranked highest among all approved therapies for skin clearance in the treatment of PsA.

We advanced critical research in immune mediated inflammatory diseases (IMID) such as Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis (UC) and PsA.

We progressed our work studying oral cytokine inhibitors as a new form of treatment for people living with IMIDs with a Phase 2b trial for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.

What’s more, our investigational novel combination therapy of guselkumab (IL 23) and golimumab (TNF) also showed promising results for the treatment of UC.

A pathway approach where you could potentially treat multiple diseases, rare or prevalent, with one mechanism is really exciting because you can bring a therapy to more patients, quicker and more efficiently.

We are very excited about the potential of nipocalimab to bring relief to patients suffering from these devastating diseases.

Building on our legacy of leadership in immunology innovation, Janssen is investigating a targeted treatment, nipocalimab, to address the underlying cause of antibody driven disease.

Nipocalimab is being investigated in maternal fetal diseases, rare diseases and prevalent rheumatologic diseases, where unmet need is high and, in some cases, no therapy is currently available.

Janssen intends to reconceptualize the diagnosis and treatment of nervous system disorders with the aim to reduce the burden and disability experienced by patients worldwide.

Alzheimer’s disease (AD): We are leading the way to revolutionize AD with a differentiated tau portfolio that employs the latest advancements in precision medicine, data science and digital health to use unique biomarkers to speed earlier diagnosis, drug development and decision making.

Our biomarker team developed and is evaluating a blood test to predict central amyloid positivity and tau status indicators of AD with high accuracy.

We are also developing novel digital biomarkers in collaboration with leading technology firms.

For example, together with ki:elements, we are piloting speech biomarker technology using AI and machine learning to identify abnormalities in speech patterns that may be predictive of early disease.

Depression: Our neuroscience team is leading the charge against the most serious forms of depression, a mental health condition that places a heavy burden on society, affecting millions of patients worldwide.

We launched the first new mechanism in decades, SPRAVATO (esketamine) CIII nasal spray, for use in conjunction with an oral antidepressant in March 2019 for adults with treatment resistant depression, and in August 2020 for depressive symptoms in adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) with acute suicidal ideation or behavior.

In addition, Janssen is advancing drug candidates with novel mechanisms of action for depression, including aticaprant and seltorexant.

Altogether, these efforts aim to provide patients with more potential options for combating depression.

Myasthenia gravis (MG): This is a highly debilitating, rare autoantibody disease for which there currently is no cure and which can be difficult to diagnose.

We are investigating nipocalimab to address a range of serious autoantibody mediated diseases, including MG.

Results from our Phase 2 study with nipocalimab in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) showed a rapid, robust and sustained clinical response over placebo.

The Phase 3 trial in adults and Phase 2 study in children are underway.

The Cardiovascular, Metabolism Retina therapeutic area covers some of the most common causes of death, such as cardiovascular disease, and many other life threatening conditions that significantly impact overall health, including chronic kidney disease and retinal diseases.

In 2022, we announced the results of our Phase 2 AXIOMATIC Secondary Stroke Prevention study of milvexian, a novel oral anitcoagulant, which enrolled more than 2,000 patients with a primary ischemic stroke.

Early stroke recurrence after ischemic stroke remains a significant risk despite advances in secondary prevention.

The data from the AXIOMATIC Secondary Stroke Prevention study showed an approximate 30% relative risk reduction in recurrent symptomatic ischemic strokes and a favorable safety profile in three arms of the study compared to placebo.

This suggests that milvexian has potential to improve outcomes for stroke patients in clinical practice.

These results, along with findings from the AXIOMATIC TKR study, set the stage for our comprehensive Phase 3 program.

We also received encouraging results from a Phase 1 2 study evaluating investigational gene therapy botaretigene sparoparvovec for the treatment of X linked retinitis pigmentosa (XLRP), a rare condition that causes progressive vision loss, starting in childhood with night blindness and leading to legal blindness by middle age.

Using gene therapy approaches we are also advancing candidate therapeutics for common ocular diseases, including geographic atrophy.

For more than a century, we have harnessed the power of technology and breakthrough innovation to elevate new standards of care.

In surgery, orthopaedics, heart rhythm disorders, eye health, neurovascular care and other fields, we help save and improve lives and create a future where healthcare solutions are smarter, less invasive, and more personalized.

In a period of expansion and innovation, J J MedTech delivered more than 30 significant product launches in the past two years, bringing advanced medical technologies to more people around the world.

J J MedTech has nurtured the connection between healthcare professionals and the latest technologies to improve and save lives.

R D is at the forefront of patient care, uniquely positioned as a catalyst that can drive and scale progress.

DePuy Synthes specializes in orthopaedics solutions to help heal and restore movement for millions of patients.

In China, working with Johnson Johnson’s 3D Printing Group, DePuy Synthes is bringing to the Chinese market a highly personalized 3D printed cranial implant made from a thermoplastic polymer.

Production of the cranial implants is now up and running at the DePuy Synthes Suzhou Manufacturing Plant.

Ethicon continued to advance a next generation treatment option for lung tumors to minimize the impact of surgery for patients and allow for speedier recovery.

Ethicon’s solution is through transbronchial microwave ablation using its NEUWAVE FLEX Microwave Ablation System guided by its MONARCH Platform.

Ethicon’s clinical trial for patients with lung tumors, the POWER study, aims to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of this innovative approach.

In December 2022, a milestone was achieved with the first patient successfully treated as part of the POWER study.

New patient centered innovation: Across our wide range of innovative surgical technologies and solutions for patients and HCPs, we seek continuous improvement to deliver better patient outcomes with safety, efficiency and reliability.

Part of J J MedTech’s DePuy Synthes’ VELYS Digital Surgery Platform, CUPTIMIZE Hip Spine Analysis is the latest surgical planning feature in VELYS Hip Navigation.

It is a simple, x ray based digital tool that uses patient specific data to help surgeons assess dislocation risk and identify patients with abnormal pelvic tilt who may require unique cup placement or dual mobility design.

A 3D printed cranial plate sample produced by Johnson Johnson’s 3D Printing Group.

J J MedTech’s Ethicon franchise received FDA clearance for urology procedures using the MONARCH Endoscopic Robotic Platform.

MONARCH is now the first and only multispecialty, flexible robotic solution for use in both bronchoscopy and urology.

Toward the close of December 2022, we completed our acquisition of Abiomed, Inc., a world leader in heart recovery solutions and the creator of the world’s first totally implantable artificial heart.

Abiomed brings a rich history of innovation in cardiovascular care that complements our existing leadership in the diagnosis and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias through our Biosense Webster electrophysiology business.

Advancing treatment of stroke: We collaborate with physicians and academics and invest in scientific research to advance the treatment of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke.

Stroke is a leading cause of death with 15 million people worldwide affected by stroke annually.47 In 2022, Cerenovus, a J J MedTech company, launched the EMBOGUARD Balloon Guide Catheter as part of the CERENOVUS Stroke Solutions suite of technologies.

EMBOGUARD is designed to optimize the removal of blood clots by controlling blood flow locally during thrombectomy procedures.

In Europe, Biosense Webster launched its first radiofrequency balloon ablation catheter, HELIOSTAR, to enable physicians in Europe to advance safe, effective and efficient treatment solutions for patients suffering from AFib.

In Europe, catheter ablation is a recommended first line treatment option.49.

OCTARAY Mapping Catheter was launched for mapping cardiac arrhythmias, including AFib, to assist physicians in capturing precise information for catheter ablation procedures with enhanced clarity and speed.

With more splines and electrodes, the increased surface area coverage and improved signal quality with the OCTARAY Mapping Catheter allows me to better understand the anatomy and conduction properties of the chamber of interest.

In April 2022, Biosense Webster announced that the first patients were enrolled in the admIRE clinical trial in the U.S. to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the company’s investigational Pulsed Field Ablation (PFA) platform, the principal components of which are the VARIPULSE catheter and the TRUPULSE generator, for the treatment of AFib.

PFA represents a new approach to treating AFib, utilizing a controlled electric field instead of thermal energy to ablate and treat cardiac tissue, which could be an exciting advance for physicians and patients and may have a variety of benefits.

Biosense Webster is working to bring a versatile portfolio of PFA solutions complementary to our RF catheter portfolio to address various ablation strategies in the treatment of AFib.

J J MedTech company Biosense Webster, progressed research into AFib patient behaviors in North America to help inform ways to support AFib prevention and treatment by physicians and patients.

Biosense Webster’s AFib PulseCheck Survey among adults diagnosed with AFib revealed that, despite fears and anxiety about AFib, patients delayed seeking treatment, and many ended up in the emergency room due to AFib.

These insights provide clues as to how best to promote AFib behavior change, especially among high risk patients.

In China, Biosense Webster supported a new Starlight AFib.

Public Awareness Campaign to help popularize knowledge on the prevention and treatment of AFib.

As the top cause of death for the elderly, cardiovascular diseases are becoming a major health threat to Chinese people.

Biosense Webster built the largest online patient community with the global Get Smart About AFib campaign.

In the U.S. alone, there are more than 100,000 participants.

This effort is dedicated to educating patients, caregivers and healthcare providers about AFib signs, symptoms and treatment options, including catheter ablation.

Starlight Action is a long term education project on cardiovascular and cerebrovascular health, which aims to pull strengths of all parties to popularize AFib related knowledge and advocate a healthy lifestyle for the entire population.

At Johnson Johnson, we view innovation in data science and digital health as a critical engine of our long term business success and the foundation of our positive contribution to sustainable development and an equitable and inclusive society.

This marks an important advancement in medicine and data science, demonstrating the potential for more rapid, optimized care for patients in need.

Across our sectors, we combine innovative technologies with leading science to deliver care in groundbreaking new ways.

With a vast and diverse portfolio of digitally powered treatments and solutions, we aim to keep people well at every age and stage of life.

We shape the future of healthcare by unlocking the power of people, technology and insights.

Just as doctors use scalpels and stethoscopes, we use connected data, automation, AI and robotics to change patients’ lives.

Through digital, we build more agile, adaptive, efficient and sustainable processes across our business, and we apply tech for good to further advance health and well being for people around the world.

The potential of data science and digital health to revolutionize healthcare is immense.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, Johnson Johnson is using data science and digital health to reimagine the discovery and development of medicines and advance our mission of bringing transformative treatments and vaccines to patients around the world.

These methods are fundamentally shaping the way we think, work and solve problems across our R D portfolio.

At Johnson Johnson, we are continually evolving how we innovate to stretch the boundaries of what’s possible.

We’re combining the latest in data science and digital health with our deep expertise in science to develop game changing solutions that tackle some of the toughest health challenges all with the goal of improving patient outcomes and changing the trajectory of healthcare.

The application of data science and digital health in our pharmaceutical R D programs is helping to transform how we innovate.

Bladder cancer trial recruitment: Janssen established a collaboration with Paige, a global leader in clinical AI applications in pathology, to deploy a first of its kind, AI powered biomarker test, developed by Janssen, to screen for the presence of certain alterations in the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) genes in patients with advanced urothelial cancer, also known as bladder cancer.

The goal is to provide physicians with insights to help tailor patients’ treatment plans and facilitate clinical trial recruitment.

Early detection of pulmonary hypertension (PH): The FDA granted Breakthrough Device Designation for an AI enhanced, Pulmonary Hypertension Early Detection Algorithm, developed in collaboration between Janssen Anumana, a health technology company and Mayo Clinic.

The algorithm is a precise, non invasive screening tool that could help address the unmet need for earlier diagnosis of patients with PH, which may otherwise go unnoticed until the disease has advanced to the point of limiting treatment efficacy.

Downloadable by a physician to a digital device or accessed via the cloud, the algorithm will be accessible for broad scale use in early detection of PH, if approved.

Engaging patients remotely to study immune mediated skin conditions: We launched a remote immunodermatology observational study to capture more than 100,000 images from patients living with immune mediated skin diseases to support the development of AI algorithms needed for creating objective measures of disease severity on diverse skin types.

In our study, patients used their smartphone to capture photos of their skin over time, creating a unique data set with the volume required for detailed analysis.

Currently, the severity of immune mediated skin conditions is measured by doctors using the naked eye, which may lead to high variability in severity assessment.

In this digitally enabled remote study, we are generating new ways of assessing immune mediated skin conditions, enabling improved treatment solutions in the future.

Moreover, by offering the ability to assess skin conditions remotely, technology is helping to reduce the burden on patients who otherwise would be required to take time from work and family to visit a doctor’s office or clinical center.

This is one example of how Johnson Johnson is leveraging digital tools to help improve clinical trial diversity by reducing the burden of participation in clinical studies.

The platform, called myCareHub, is being tested with young people living with HIV in Kenya and was integrated into the clinical sites managed by UoN under the Kenyan health system.

It was developed to educate, empower and provide remote support for patients to manage their own health by linking their medical records into a secure digital vehicle, facilitating engagement with their HCP and connections to other patients.

Janssen has made myCareHub available via a non exclusive, royalty free license to UoN.

The experience gained will help guide further development of the platform and lay a foundation for potential future implementation across other regions.

The future of medical technology will be smarter, less invasive, and more personalized.

Digital technology is helping enable this future, delivering data intelligence for personalized patient outcomes, more focused precision and efficiency in the operating room and accelerated innovation across the industry.

Advanced analytics and data science practices are impacting the medtech industry, as connected devices, robotics and software solutions generate valuable, connected data.

In MedTech, we are embracing the power of data science to transform the way we help deliver more personalized healthcare for better patient outcomes, as well as the way we run our business.

Improving AFib treatment: Due to the complexity of AFib and a myriad of decentralized data, cardiac electrophysiologists and manufacturers struggle to generate consistent results across patients and operators.

Biosense Webster introduced CARTONET, the first cloud based data management system that has the potential to improve procedure efficiency and outcomes.

Using a deep learning algorithm, CARTONET evaluates patterns, enabling physicians to assess their performance more easily.

CARTONET is compatible with CARTO, Biosense Webster’s 3D mapping system that integrates all our electrophysiology mapping and ablation catheters.

In times of crisis, our industry demonstrated that we can unify the world with a common purpose.

We have brought together the best minds in science, engineering, supply chain, and public health to meet the evolving needs of patients and health systems around the world and we won’t stop here.

J J MedTech will continue to deliver innovation and advance a more modern, connected, digitally enabled and representative health system with the patient at the center.

Improving efficiency and accuracy of knee surgery: DePuy.

Synthes uses ML to right size total knee arthroplasty (TKA) and total hip arthroplasty (THA) implants.

By creating and deploying ML driven predictions for TKA and THA procedures using direct customer electronic medical records, DePuy Synthes can tailor the list of required components to meet the need of each specific surgery, rather than delivering all possible standard sizes.

This makes surgery coordination more efficient and accurate.

Automating imaging for improved eye disease diagnosis:.

Using a custom designed, ML and AI driven device, Johnson Johnson Vision has automated the processing of meibomian gland (MG) imaging, leading to better understanding of a patient’s MG disease.

MGs produce meibum, an oily substance that prevents evaporation of the eye’s tear film, necessary for full eye health.

Connecting the new device to Johnson Johnson Vision’s LIPISCAN imager enables consistent evaluation of a patient’s MG disease based on real world outcomes, enabling better diagnosis and medical intervention.

As a large and diverse organization, applying digital tools across many dimensions of our work in digital health and processes, we invest in sharing our work and progress internally, encouraging learning and reapplication of successful ideas and creating awareness for the latest technologies among our teams.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson’s Data Science Council published its internal Data Science Business Impact Report showcasing the most compelling examples of how teams from R D, commercial, supply chain and Enterprise functions are working to make the promise and potential of data science a reality.

We also held our annual Janssen R D Data Science Digital Health Symposium, bringing together more than 2,000 colleagues for two days of discussion and presentations on how Janssen R D is using data science and digital health as a transformational force in medicine and for patients.

More than 75 data science and digital health projects were showcased at the Symposium, and more than 200 speakers, including experts from across industry, startups and academia as well as Johnson Johnson executives, shared their insights.

We want our employees to be fluent in the language of data science.

We can only achieve this goal through personalized learning and development opportunities that support the upskilling of critical capabilities needed to be most effective in an increasingly digital world.

Johnson Johnson Innovation accelerates early stage innovation through strategic partnership.

By connecting the best science and technology entrepreneurs to our global resources and expertise, we take on the world’s toughest healthcare challenges and aim to improve the health of everyone, everywhere.

We connect potential collaborators to world leading resources and aim to support them to advance transformation science and technology across the spectrum of pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer healthcare.

Similarly, we collaborate widely across many groups, partnerships, consortia and research agreements to accelerate progress in ways that no company can achieve alone.

As we prepare for the future, we at Johnson Johnson feel our efforts will require new ideas, a new generation of entrepreneurs and the deployment of new tools for scientific inquiry to generate, aggregate and analyze data develop insights and test hypotheses that could inform the development of new ways to prevent, intercept and cure disease.

Activating health innovators and entrepreneurs through our JLABS QuickFire Challenges is an effective way to advance research and practical innovation to address a range of unmet medical needs.

The QuickFire Challenge is a crowdsourcing platform committed to identifying and cultivating potential health solutions to change the trajectory of healthcare.

Many QuickFire Challenges champion health equity by seeking to identify potential solutions that serve historically under resourced communities and reaching a wide range of diverse scientists, researchers and innovators from around the world.

In 2022, 10 new QuickFire Challenges were launched and four challenges from 2021 were completed.

Our Advancing Health Equity QuickFire Challenge received submissions focused on enabling inclusive clinical trial design and equitable clinical decision making, implementing community based early diagnostics and education of patients and providers to advance health equity.

Three awardees received grant funding from a total pool of 400,000, access to the global JLABS network and mentorship from experts across Johnson Johnson.

QuickFire Challenge awardees in 2022 included 35% women led teams and 20% teams led by people of color.

Four QuickFire Challenges launched in 2022 were specifically health equity focused, with grant funding from a total pool of 1.55 million awarded to 14 teams.

Our 2022 Maternal Fetal Immune Disorders QuickFire Challenge: Innovating for Health Equity sought to improve immune mediated pregnancy outcomes in mothers and children from BIPOC communities.

The challenge awarded a total of 500,000 in grant funding to two promising organizations that aim to advance health equity by addressing unmet medical needs in pregnancy care.

Our 2022 Vets QuickFire Challenge: Lung Cancer Physical Trauma reflected our commitment to keeping veterans healthy and advancing healthcare innovation for the benefit of the military community.

The Challenge sought ideas to directly address the unique healthcare needs of the military community, including lung cancer and physical trauma, and made grants totaling 500,000 to six awardees, three focusing on lung cancer and three offering solutions to address physical trauma.

Seoul Innovation QuickFire Challenge: In September 2022, Seoul Innovation QuickFire Challenge awardees siRNAgen Therapeutics and Portrai were recognized at the Seoul International Biomedical Conference.

To help advance their science, both companies received KRW 75,000,000 in grant funding, two years of residency at the Seoul Bio Hub, access to Johnson Johnson Innovation’s APAC ecosystem and mentorship from experts across Johnson Johnson.

Promoting diversity in healthcare startups: Through our Johnson Johnson Innovation ecosystem, we are empowering healthcare startups to embrace DEI in the early stages of their company’s life when they are creating their identity, research focus and approach, and culture.

To this end, in 2022, we introduced the Johnson Johnson Innovation Health Equity Assessment Tool (HEAT) to more than 550 Johnson Johnson Innovation collaborating companies as a voluntary survey designed to help early stage innovators benchmark their health equity maturity and how they are considering health disparities in their company leadership, potential healthcare solutions and delivery.

The self assessment is paired with the Johnson Johnson Innovation Health Equity e Learning Module to raise awareness and help establish a baseline understanding before completion.

The e Learning Module is also available to the public.

We also introduced the Johnson Johnson Innovation Board Fellows program, a one year, multifaceted education, executive coaching and mentorship program that will help strengthen our diverse candidacy for potential board leadership positions.

In June 2022, the inaugural class of five Johnson Johnson Innovation Board Fellows began their one year program.

The Board Fellows are paired with JJDC mentors to help them further understand developmental opportunities and achieve their full potential as potential Board Directors.

Johnson Johnson has made diversity, equity and inclusion in clinical trials a priority to help create transformational therapies that work for all patients.

An important step on our journey to achieving health equity is ensuring everyone has the opportunity to participate in clinical research, should it be right for them.

Underrepresented populations face a variety of barriers that impact clinical trial enrollment, including fear and mistrust, lack of awareness and logistical challenges.

Through structured processes to examine and advance DEI in clinical trials, including multiple partnerships for enhancing awareness and building trust among under resourced and underrepresented communities, we hope to change the trajectory of health disparities in clinical research.

In 2022, our Janssen Diversity, Equity Inclusion in Clinical Trials (DEICT) team created a template to embed diversity into the clinical trial process.

The template is relevant for all Janssen therapeutic areas and covers dimensions of diversity including race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation and socioeconomic factors.

Using this template, and insights from Janssen’s Research Includes Me initiative, equitable representation in clinical trials can be strengthened.

Research Includes Me meets communities where they are with educational materials, connects patients to current trials and partners with advocacy groups to understand these communities’ needs and build trust in the safety of clinical trials and the healthcare system overall.

In 2022, Research Includes Me connected more than 84 million people to messages on the importance of diverse representation in clinical research through its website, co hosted and multilingual events and participation at community events with Mobile Health vans.

In 2022, our DEICT team completed a clinical trial diversity plan across all Janssen’s therapeutic areas that includes supporting local markets and a metrics reporting dashboard to help guide further progress.

This approach also aligns with anticipated FDA initiatives to expand action and disclosure on clinical trial diversity.

Within Janssen, different research teams demonstrate their commitment in each area.

For example, the Janssen Immunology DEI Working Group formulated its specific DEI strategy and made progress by hiring racially and ethnically diverse leaders for Janssen R D, enhancing culturally relevant training, hosting speaker events on racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare and engaging in innovation and partnerships to promote inclusive research.

Janssen was one of the first organizations to proactively submit a diversity plan to the FDA for an oncology trial, well ahead of the regulatory body’s new guidance on initiatives to expand action and disclosure on clinical trial diversity.

The FDA’s commitment to prioritizing diversity in clinical research has the potential to better connect regulatory approaches with the industry’s broader health equity goals, which will help Janssen deliver on its mission to create a future where disease is a thing of the past.

Improving representation in cancer clinical trials: Janssen Oncology supports enhancing clinical research capabilities in Africa through collaboration with the African Access Initiative (AAI), a public private partnership driven by the BIO Ventures for Global Health, a nonprofit that accelerates R D for poverty related diseases in Africa and addresses the disparity in representation of Africans in cancer clinical trials.

Janssen Oncology’s support for AAI began in 2022 with the initial assessment of access to cancer care in 10 hospitals in five African countries, patient education and community awareness programs, as well as training programs for more than 2,000 HCPs on cancer diagnosis and treatment.

Janssen Oncology provided a 5 million grant to Stand Up To Cancer, a nonprofit organization supporting cancer research, to support the development of innovative approaches to removing barriers to clinical trial participation for patients of all racial and ethnic backgrounds, as well as patients in medically under resourced communities.

As one of the leading funders in cancer research, Stand Up To Cancer believes it is critical to ensure that the lack of diverse representation in cancer clinical trials is addressed.

This is a national imperative that we cannot turn away from.

We need fresh ideas that help to innovate and redesign the cancer clinical research enterprise to include communities that have long been left out.

Janssen Oncology provided a grant of 3 million to the American Cancer Society to fund its Navigating Patients Across the Care and Treatment Continuum program.

Janssen’s contribution will support collaboration with 20 health systems over three years, enhancing the oncology patient experience and addressing barriers to enrollment for underrepresented or marginalized communities.

Accelerating diversity in MedTech research: J J MedTech is taking steps to improve meaningful representation in clinical studies leading to better products and better outcomes.

In 2022, we developed our policy position on Diversity in Research Clinical Trials (U.S.) outlining our call for policies that reduce barriers to participation.

We also continue to support the Diversifying Investigations Via Equitable Research Studies for Everyone (DIVERSE) Trials Act’, introduced in the U.S. House and Senate in 2021, which provides expanded legal authority for companies to diversify their clinical trials.

As a founding sponsor of MedTech Color, J J MedTech helps advance the representation of persons of color in the medtech industry.

In 2021, we announced our intention to separate Johnson Johnson’s Consumer Health business and to create a new publicly traded company that would take its place as a leader at the intersection of healthcare and consumer goods.

The new company, named Kenvue, is committed to helping consumers realize the extraordinary power of everyday care.

At Kenvue, combining the power of science with meaningful human insights and digital first capabilities empowers more than one billion people to live healthier lives every day.

Kenvue’s portfolio of iconic brands is built for moments that uniquely matter to consumers and drives positive health outcomes around the world.

Thibaut Mongon, formerly the Worldwide Chairman, Consumer Health for Johnson Johnson, serves as Chief Executive Officer of Kenvue.

We remain on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

The name Kenvue is inspired by two powerful ideas: ken, meaning knowledge, and vue, referencing sight.

With rich knowledge of human needs and deep consumer insights, Kenvue will deliver meaningful, personal health solutions.

Kenvue, the planned new Johnson Johnson Consumer Health company, announces its purpose: Realize the Extraordinary Power of Everyday Care.

Alongside preparation to establish Kenvue as a standalone company, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health has advanced its mission to improve total health for all for individuals at every age and stage of life, for communities and for our planet.

Promoting skin cancer awareness: Neutrogena’s In the Sun in school program brought skin cancer prevention awareness to more than 150,000 students across the U.S. throughout 2021 and 2022.

Following the release of Neutrogena Studios’ award winning, feature length documentary film, In the Sun, in 2021 to elevate awareness and understanding of sun safety and skin cancer for all skin types and colors, more than 2,000 schools have participated in the in school education program over two years.

Feedback from the in school program amongst school students surveyed is that 55% of students said they will change their sun safety habits as a result of watching the film.

Supporting smoking cessation: NICORETTE brought the first nicotine replacement therapy to market more than 40 years ago and backed by more than 50 years of research and innovation remains committed to eradicating smoking.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health continued to support smoking cessation by joining the launch event of the WHO Tobacco Cessation Consortium.

The Consortium is a public private coalition to support the WHO’s work on tobacco cessation worldwide.

Our participation in this consortium builds on NICORETTE’s previous support of the WHO’s Access Initiative to Quit Tobacco, which delivered positive results in terms of smokers who quit completely.

NICORETTE has donated more than 1.5 million worth of NICORETTE patches to help people quit smoking.

Advocating for menstrual dignity: In 2022, STAYFREE joined UNICEF for another year to promote education about menstrual hygiene and address menstrual poverty in Brazil.

Access to menstrual hygiene is a public health issue, as well as a human rights issue, according to the UN.55 Many women, especially those in low income regions, live in menstrual poverty, which means lack of basic access to buy hygiene products and often lack of access to water and sanitation.

In 2022, STAYFREE joined UNICEF for another year to address menstrual poverty in Brazil.

Between 2021 and 2022, STAYFREE donated two sanitation pads in menstrual hygiene kits distributed by UNICEF to 45,000 teenagers in Brazil and supported educational outreach widely across the country.

Also, in India, STAYFREE continued its It’s just a period campaign to normalize the topic of menstruation in India, leveraging Daughters Day for a second year as an occasion to destigmatize the first period experience, especially in many households where menstruation is still considered taboo, by educating and involving other family members for support.

Our transparency dashboard for consumers, launched in 2021, includes product specific information about ingredients, science and sustainability to meet consumer needs.

In 2022, we expanded the product transparency dashboard across several of our Consumer Health brands, tailoring information to the needs of consumers on a brand by brand basis.

JOHNSON’S Baby also unveiled this dashboard in leading global markets outside the U.S., namely Brazil, Canada and the UK.

Improving packaging sustainability: We are advancing our Healthy Lives Mission by taking important steps to reduce the environmental impact of our personal care product packaging by using less virgin plastic and increasing our use of recycled materials while improving the recyclability and reusability of our packaging.

These efforts align with our Consumer Health Packaging targets and support our participation as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

In alignment with our target to eliminate 100% of polystyrene jars and black plastic bottles from our global portfolio, we ceased sourcing packaging components with this resin material in 2022.

LISTERINE and OGX introduced innovative product formats, including mouthwash concentrates and shampoo bars, that reduce the need for packaging.

AVEENO, NEUTROGENA, JOHNSON’s Baby and LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS launched reuse and refill solutions to reduce plastic use compared to existing packaging.

CAREFREE launched Organic Cotton Topsheet Liners with.

Several brands in our portfolio also increased the use of PCR plastic packaging materials and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified paperboard.

Reduce our total annual use of virgin plastics in packaging weight by 25% by 2025 compared to 2020, achieved through a combination of recycled plastic, plastic packaging reductions and more reuse models.

Eliminate 100% of polystyrene jars and black plastic bottles from our global portfolio by 2022.

Use 100% recyclable, reusable or compostable plastic packaging by 2025.

Use 100% certified or post consumer recycled (PCR) paper and pulp based packaging by 2025.

Learn more about our progress as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

Learn more about Consumer Health advances in sustainable manufacturing and in environmental health.

Collaborating for greater impact: Johnson Johnson Consumer Health collaborates with industry peers, NGOs and suppliers to advance our sustainability and transparency objectives.

The Animal Free Safety Assessment (AFSA) Collaboration is a forum that brings the collective voice of nonprofit and industry leaders together in support of education and advocacy to help eliminate the need for animal testing for cosmetics.

The EcoBeautyScore Consortium, an industry led collaboration of more than 60 companies and associations to help consumers understand the environmental impact of cosmetic and personal care products through the launch of an environmental scoring system for cosmetic products to help inform consumer purchasing decisions.

More than 160 companies and organizations across the packaging value chain, as part of the Digital Watermarks Initiative HolyGrail 2.0, plan to assess whether a pioneering digital watermarking technology can enable better sorting and higher quality recycling rates for packaging in the EU.

Additionally, to advance a circular economy and packaging sustainability, we continued our collaboration with several organizations, including the Consumer Goods Forum’s Plastics Waste Coalition of Action, the Closed Loop Infrastructure Fund and the A STAR Institute of Materials Research and Engineering Circular Materials Lab, helping to develop new global industry design rules for sustainable packaging, expand the recycling infrastructure in North America and research circular flexible film packaging solutions respectively.

Employees Tiffani H. and Renee E. collaborate at our Tampa Global Services site.

Our employees at Johnson Johnson around the world continue to be energized by Our Purpose to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

Every single one of our employees can make a difference and with approximately 153,700 individuals in all corners of the globe that adds up to a huge impact.

Attracting, developing, retaining and inspiring the best people globally is crucial to all aspects of Johnson Johnson’s business.

We promote a culture of respect, inclusion and excellence, inspired by Our Credo, so that the talent of every individual at Johnson Johnson can be leveraged to ensure our Company, our communities and our environment, and each of us as individuals, can thrive and grow.

By anticipating and developing critical capabilities across Johnson Johnson, we can help accelerate business outcomes today and further future proof our organization for any tomorrow.

To do this effectively, we must create meaningful, personalized learning experiences that help shape highly capable leaders and empower our employees to chart individualized career paths that feed Our Purpose and theirs.

In 2022, our direct global workforce included approximately 153,700 individuals.

This includes approximately 25,000 new hires across our different regions, of whom 54% were women.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global Employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Our recruitment efforts include outreach through a wide range of channels and partners to encourage a diverse representation of top qualified candidates.

Employee referrals again generated a significant proportion of our hiring efforts, demonstrating employee confidence in Johnson Johnson as an attractive workplace.

Inspiring people to return to work after a career break: Re Ignite is Johnson Johnson’s global career reentry program that offers experienced professionals who have taken a break from their career for two or more years the opportunity to return to the workforce with specialized onboarding, networking and development activities.

In addition to its ambition to support women in returning to STEM2D professions, Re Ignite is a gender inclusive program that, in 2022, officially expanded its focus to include returning professionals both in and outside of STEM2D roles.

Since its inception in 2017, Re Ignite enabled professionals in 13 countries across all four regions to return to the Johnson Johnson workplace where they can continue their careers in meaningful roles.

I’m like a lot of women at the school gates I’m highly skilled and educated, but I didn’t know how to break back into the workplace and didn’t have the self confidence either.

Re Ignite provided the support structures I needed to help me adjust to returning to the workplace.

After participating in the program, I found that I slotted back into the work environment it was like I never left.

Hiring military veterans: Alongside our appreciation for their valued service, we appreciate the unique skills and experience military veterans and military spouses bring to our business.

We engage with government bodies and veteran support organizations to expand our hiring pathways for military veterans, and we offer veteran development programs to support transitioning to civilian life and work.

Enhanced and expanded hiring and development opportunities through our sales and leadership programs.

Johnson Johnson’s Military Veteran Leadership Development program, launched in 2017, has maintained 100% retention across all cohorts, totaling more than 40 veterans.

Hired veterans through the Department of Defense SkillBridge program, which provides transitioning military service members with civilian work experience during their final six months in service.

As part of this program, Johnson Johnson offers internships to SkillBridge participants, and, in 2022, we completed our first full annual cycle of hiring, during which 90% of SkillBridge interns became Johnson Johnson full time employees.

Reaffirmed our commitment to veteran and military spouse hiring through the Veteran Jobs Mission, a coalition that brings together hundreds of leading companies to actively hire veterans.

We continue to invest heavily in a wide variety of learning and development programs that help employees realize their career goals while building a capable and resilient workforce for the future.

Delivering a new learning ecosystem: We launched J J Learn, a global learning and development platform that integrates the curricula from our multiple learning organizations across the Enterprise, including leadership development programs, Human Performance Institute programs and more, to become the single source for all learning and development needs.

By leveraging the latest technology, including AI, J J Learn delivers a streamlined learning experience that is easy to access and navigate and enables every employee to incorporate learning into their daily practices while creating the career path that is right for them.

J J Learn includes learning programs, facilitates matching with mentors and holistic career review and development planning tools.

Advancing leadership development: We developed leadership skills at every level and career stage through on demand content and innovative and personalized modules across our suite of leadership development programs, with many thousands of employees at all levels.

We also completed our most significant people leader assessment of all time, with more than 7,500 people leaders receiving a report providing valuable feedback on their people leadership skills that will support their ongoing development and further empower them to help our organization deliver on its critical objectives.

By embracing a learning mindset both for ourselves and for our teams we will be better able to anticipate and develop the critical capabilities needed to accelerate business outcomes and future proof our organization while also providing rewarding career opportunities that allow employees to realize and pursue their unique purpose and aspirations.

Learn more about all our people development resources in our Position on Employee Development.

Career progression movement includes upward promotion and lateral transfer and excludes employees in the R D organizations.

Building digital capabilities: To support the ever expanding use of digital technologies and data science in almost every aspect of our work in every function of the business, we are heavily investing in building broad digital capabilities for our workforce.

To focus our efforts and provide a common learning experience across Johnson Johnson, we launched our Digital Upskilling Channel supported by digital missions, which are learning activations comprising various learning formats such as synchronous and asynchronous learning, quizzes and articles around one specific digital capability, that provide teams with an effective, experiential learning opportunity.

We supported this innovative approach with a playbook for local activation of digital missions.

Additionally, Johnson Johnson employees continued to access our iTalk Digital Education Series, developed by our Technology Division to teach digital topics with 130 iTalk videos available to all employees.

Digital acumen continues to be a critical capability for Johnson Johnson, enabling teams to reimagine and transform our business models to accelerate outcomes and future proof our organization.

Our compensation framework, which is consistent worldwide, includes a set of core principles that guide all compensation decisions, recognizing the important contributions of our employees to deliver our mission in ways that align with our values.

We are committed to pay equity, including gender and ethnic racial group pay equity.

Periodically, we analyze our pay across functions to assess market competitiveness and to eliminate unconscious bias or other barriers to full pay equity across the Enterprise.

In 2022, we invested significantly in targeted salary increases in several countries to enhance our competitive pay position this was also influenced by inflationary pressures, and part of our analysis this year used a new framework to monitor inflation and highlight areas for further alignment.

In addition, we increased our investment in employees across our Total Health portfolio to address rising rates of mental health concerns and ongoing uncertainties or consequences of the COVID 19 pandemic.

We believe that our investment in employees across the spectrum of compensation and benefits helps make Johnson Johnson both more attractive as an employer and more resilient as a business.

Additionally, we completed our annual living wage assessment with the aim of ensuring all employees globally receive pay that is competitive in their local markets and sufficient to support a sustainable standard of living for them and their families (see section: Human Rights).

Enhancing hybrid working: We continued to implement our hybrid working model, J J Flex, globally, capturing the energy of in person interactions and remote flexibility.

In the supply chain, flexibility offerings for on site employees were established that combine locally relevant practices with a globally consistent hybrid working framework at each site.

This new approach was used, for example, to remotely onboard thousands of supply chain team members, who also completed a portion of their total required training assignments online.

Diversity, Equity Inclusion advances our culture of belonging where open hearts and minds combine to unleash the potential of the brilliant mix of people working everywhere at Johnson Johnson today, as well as those who will join us in the future.

See also our section on Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) for ways in which we are helping eradicate racial and social injustice as a public health threat by eliminating health inequities for people of color in the U.S.

Build a workforce that reflects the diversity of our communities.

Accelerate our global culture of inclusion where every individual belongs.

Transform talent and business processes to achieve equitable access and outcomes for all.

Drive innovation and growth within our business to serve diverse markets around the world.

Our DEI Vision Make Diversity, Equity Inclusion how we work every day.

We cannot overstate the positive impact that diverse voices bring to our organizational culture, our community and society at large.

We must continue to create an inclusive environment where employees embrace individual and cultural differences to drive innovation.

Progress in Women in Management 49% of management positions globally are held by women.

Progress in Ethnic Racial Diversity in Management 36% of management positions in the U.S. are held by ethnic racially diverse employees.

Progress in Black African Americans in Management Achieved a growth of 40.5% in Black and African management positions from 2020, with Black and African American employees representing 6.6% of management positions in the U.S.

Our fourth annual DEI Impact Review shares insights about the evolution of our DEI strategy and a wide range of stories of our progress throughout 2022 to advance DEI across the four pillars of our strategy within our three business segments.

Strengthened development of 130 next generation Johnson Johnson leaders through our RISE ASCEND development programs.

Accelerated veterans hiring with our first full cycle in the Department of Defense SkillBridge program, with 90% of SkillBridge interns becoming Johnson Johnson full time employees.

Removed barriers to access through expanding diverse slates, broadening hiring criteria and removing bias from job postings.

Delivered Conscious Inclusion training to Vice Presidents and Directors across Johnson Johnson.

Empowered our 12 ERGs, engaging nearly 27,000 colleagues around the world in harnessing the passions of employees to educate, connect and create space for belonging.

Expanded Exploring Our Diversity, a global and immersive educational series to build greater cultural knowledge and understanding among our employees.

Delivered an interactive DEI Glossary, an evolving resource of commonly used DEI terms, to ensure we understand and use language that is representative and inclusive of all Johnson Johnson employees, patients, consumers and communities.

Partnered in multiple initiatives with ORTHE teams and business leaders to address mental health inequities in diverse communities.

Supported efforts to advance inclusive R D and diversity in clinical trials, and provided opportunities for HCPs including women orthopaedic surgeons and surgical residents of color.

Facilitated a robust, dual language campaign for the Janssen Research Includes Me initiative during Hispanic Heritage Month to better communicate the importance of participating in clinical trials to the Hispanic Latino community.

Advanced supplier diversity though procurement teams, helping achieve a significant increase in diverse supplier spend.

Supported our brand teams to deliver brand innovation and awareness campaigns to address the needs of diverse communities across skin care, eye care, oral health and smoking cessation brands.

Partnered with diverse communities through multiple innovation QuickFire Challenges led by JLABS.

Expanded our Care With Pride initiative globally with products in Brazil, Canada, Germany, Japan and the UK.

Our most recently filed U.S. Federal Employer Information Report EEO 1 is publicly available.

Note that federal reporting requirements require specific employee categorization that differs from the way we measure our diversity progress, as reflected in our Health for Humanity Report, and is, therefore, not directly comparable.

In 2022, women’s representation on our Executive Committee increased from one to five women following a leadership restructure, testifying to our strong pipeline of women at senior levels in our Company and our commitment to realizing opportunities for women in key roles.

We also appointed our first female General Counsel in the Company’s history.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Across Johnson Johnson, employees find inspiration in Our Purpose to change the trajectory of health.

We provide platforms, tools and resources across the Enterprise to help everyone contribute effectively.

We encourage open and inclusive communications so that everyone feels welcome to offer ideas and suggestions about how we can improve outcomes for patients and consumers and demonstrate care for our communities and our planet.

Connecting to our employees: One of the platforms we use to track employee sentiment and feeling of being connected to our colleagues and our values is our biennial Our Credo Survey, which was administered in 2022 in 77 countries and made available in 36 languages.

Over the past two years, people around the globe have faced and overcome many social and economic challenges, including those relating to the COVID 19 pandemic.

In the face of these challenges, employees have maintained their confidence in Our Credo values, demonstrating stronger support and recognition for the way we uphold our values and positively impact society.

Following an analysis of the detailed results, which were communicated to all employees, we developed plans to address the main areas of opportunity identified by our employees’ feedback, both at the Enterprise level and within individual teams.

In alternate years, we conduct a global Our Voice Survey, which serves as an indicator of employee satisfaction and measures important aspects of our culture such as employee engagement, inclusion, development, health and wellness, collaboration, execution, innovation, and compliance and risk.

Recognizing employees: In addition to several awards and honors programs that recognize the contributions of our employees across different functions and regions, we maintain our global peer recognition platform, Inspire, which reaches all of our global workforce in 77 countries.

In 2022, hundreds of thousands of recognition moments celebrated meaningful contributions and purpose led behaviors among our employees.

We aim to encourage girls to consider science, technology, engineering, mathematics, manufacturing and design (STEM D) studies and career opportunities in the knowledge that advancing gender equality in technical professions will both strengthen society and also build a stronger pipeline of diverse talent in under resourced STEM2D related professions, critical to advancing innovation in healthcare.

Progress in Women in STEM2D Engaged 170,000 girls in 2022 through 230 events and 190 STEM2D.org activities for a total of 501,000 girls engaged.

Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, which include a specific target to reach 2 million girls through STEM D activities led by Johnson Johnson employees in partnership with nonprofit organizations, we encourage our employees to play an active role in engaging to advance women in science.

In 2022, more than 1,500 Johnson Johnson employee volunteers directly engaged in STEM2D activities with approximately 170,000 girls.

Our Women in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Manufacturing and Design (WiSTEM D) initiative supports youth, undergraduates, scholars and professionals and has been active since 2015.

Through our WiSTEM D Youth Pillar, we seek to spark enchantment with STEM D in young women and girls all around the globe through creative problem solving and play.

In our WiSTEM D Undergraduate program, we collaborated with nearly 70 universities, delivering more than 140 events and reaching more than 23,000 university students via a variety of activities and social media campaigns.

We also launched a WiSTEM2D Camp, a weeklong pilot program in Europe, to give students an opportunity to explore post secondary options in STEM2D fields, an initiative we plan to extend to 2023.

Further, we expanded our WiSTEM2D program in our APAC and Latin America regions.

In our WiSTEM D Scholars program, we again selected six outstanding female researchers to receive support to drive their important research.

This program has been active since 2017, selecting early to mid career women faculty researchers, who have completed their post doctoral studies and are making key STEM D discoveries, to each receive a grant of 150,000 and three years of mentorship.

In 2022, we received more than 500 applications from highly qualified nominees from around the world, with more than 75% of applicants coming from outside the U.S.

The selected WiSTEM D 2022 scholars are advancing pivotal global innovations across diverse fields with an aim to significantly improve healthcare outcomes.

Between 2018 and 2022, Johnson Johnson’s WiSTEM D Scholars program has provided 30 outstanding female researchers with 5.4 million in grant funding to advance pivotal healthcare innovations.

Dr. Ange Therese Akono, a 2022 awardee, is working in bone tissue regenerative engineering, with a focus on discovering nanostructured bone scaffolds to help restore the quality of life of patients who require maxillofacial bone repairs.

Johnson Johnson’s GCI organization drives our Talent for Good strategy to inspire our employees to help create healthy communities across the globe.

Talent for Good offers a wide variety of engagement opportunities for employees, inviting each to take part at their preferred level of participation in a focus area of their interest.

Talent for Good programs include skills based volunteering opportunities conducted in partnership with nonprofit community partners.

These programs, which range from short term volunteering in local communities and medium term programs that connect employees with nonprofits wherever they are in capacity building activities to fully immersive engagements over several months, support nonprofit skills and competencies.

Our quarterly giving initiatives engage employees to support local communities, and we also encourage employees to volunteer in our communities through our Company wide days of caring.

The Talent for Healthy Communities Program allowed me to use my professional skill set to help the community.

Within the project, I also learned how to effectively manage a project and work with multiple groups of people.

Many of our Talent for Good programs build on longstanding collaborations that Johnson Johnson has maintained for several years with organizations that have a wide reach within our communities and help create meaningful volunteering opportunities for Johnson Johnson employees to maximize our impact and deliver tangible social benefit.

Bridge to Employment engages employees as mentors to help secondary school students improve academic performance and elevate their career aspirations.

The extension program, Pathway to Success, helps students succeed and thrive in higher education, providing additional support and full time paid summer internships at Johnson Johnson (14 internships in 2022).

One Young World engages employees to support frontline health leaders on various projects and provide guidance and mentorship, building young leadership capacity across the globe to change the trajectory of health.

Talent for Healthy Communities creates greater engagement and awareness between employees and partners in the same local community through a hybrid pro bono program, addressing critical capacity building needs in that community.

WiSTEM2D engages employees globally to inspire young girls and women to enter STEM2D fields.

Global Pro Bono engages employees in pairs with selected partner organizations working on the front lines of health to support them and build organizational capacity.

Global Secondment Program enables and empowers selected Johnson Johnson employees to support partner organizations on the front lines of health to raise public health standards in communities around the globe by sharing their knowledge, skills and passions over a four to six month time frame.

Pro Bono for Health Equity utilizes the skills and talents of Johnson Johnson employees to build the capacity of U.S. based Community Health Centers supporting communities of color.

This program is part of Our Race to Health Equity commitment (see section: Our Race to Health Equity).

See section: Women in STEM for details of WISTEM2D activity in 2022.

Johnson Johnson employees are passionate about environmental sustainability and seek to make an impact.

We engage, inspire and provide opportunities for employees to learn and collaborate through dedicated environmental sustainability programs and learning and idea sharing platforms such as WeSustain, HealthyPlanet and environmental sustainability training.

Water nourishes a better world, by Simon S., 10 years old, China.

One of several winning original pieces in our Annual Worldwide Children’s Energy Coloring Art Contest.

The contest, in its 39th year, is open to all young relatives of Johnson Johnson employees and is an opportunity to engage with the future generation on how we each play a role in reducing carbon emissions.

WeSustain: Our environmental sustainability employee engagement program, WeSustain, mobilizes passionate employees to improve environmental health in locations where we live, work and sell our products.

In 2022, we brought the WeSustain community together for the first Global WeSustain Summit.

Employees globally joined a virtual live event to hear from internal and external speakers, connect with each other and share ideas for a more sustainable future.

HealthyPlanet: In 2022, through our HealthyPlanet platform launched in 2020, we challenged employees to calculate their environmental sustainability impact by offering a personal carbon calculator and ideas to reduce their footprint.

Throughout the year, employees completed more than 40,000 actions on topics ranging from reducing energy, lessening food waste and eliminating single use plastics.

Incentives, like charitable donations, drove employees to take over double the actions taken in the previous year.

Impact metrics from HealthyPlanet illustrated employee led savings, including reduced paper use, reduced trash, lower energy consumption and lower water use.

Employee training in environmental sustainability: In 2022, we built an online self paced training module, called Sustainability My Job, to demonstrate how every Johnson Johnson employee can contribute to sustainability solutions at work.

This follows the broader foundational sustainability training module launched in 2021.

The new training depicts real employee examples and guides employees to build their own action plan based on their role and function.

Interest in both optional sustainability training modules has been strong from employees around the world.

We are continuously providing opportunities for our employees to learn and build their personal and professional sustainability capabilities so that decisions made today will help protect the environment and the health of future generations.

At Johnson Johnson, we take an uncompromising approach to safety in everything we do.

We also invest extensively in the health and well being of our employees we believe that advancing health for humanity starts with protecting and enhancing the total health physical, mental, emotional and financial of our workforce.

We aim to ensure that all our employees around the world, as well as temporary contractors and visitors to our sites, can work safely.

Our workplace health and safety programs include adherence to our robust global safety standards, risk assessments, extensive training and communications.

We continuously expand health and well being benefits throughout Johnson Johnson globally, incorporating new thinking and technologies to help employees achieve their personal mind and body health goals.

To reinforce best safety practices, in 2022, we commenced a yearlong global refresher program of our Six Safety Habits framework for all employees in our R D spaces and supply chain facilities and those working on construction projects to reacquaint them with the workplace habits that ensure safety continues to be an essential part of our culture.

See the Employee Safety table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Global Employee Safety data.

Ensuring people can work safely is foundational to their well being.

With so many facilities and operations around the world, presenting potential safety risks every minute of every day, we rely on our approximately 153,700 people, as well as contractors and visitors to our sites, to practice safe working in every single one of those minutes.

Learning We learn from both our successes and our failures.

Responsible Everyone is personally responsible for their safety and the safety of others.

Caring We demonstrate caring and inspire a strong value of safety from the heart.

Transparent Everyone feels safe to make suggestions and or share complaints with those who need to know.

Proactive Everyone anticipates and actively engages in controlling safety hazards.

Inclusive We seek diverse perspectives and share safety knowledge within and beyond our four walls.

We constantly reinforce our uncompromising approach to safety through communications to all employees around the world.

Since 2012, Johnson Johnson has donated more than 75,000 lifesaving helmets to children in Vietnam.

Beyond safety, we aspire to have the healthiest workforce, inspiring us to continually examine and expand our total health benefits, programs and offerings to support the total well being of all employees and embed a culture of health throughout Johnson Johnson.

Our healthiest workforce ambition is tracked in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals annual Healthiest Workforce Score.

Progress in Healthiest Workforce Score 66% of Johnson Johnson leaders and their managers achieved an 80% Healthiest Workforce Score.

The comprehensive well being portfolio available to Johnson Johnson employees and their families is reflected in the positive employee perception of organizational support for their total health.

In 2022, most global employees believed senior leaders support their health and well being, as exemplified by the Our Credo Survey results.

Implemented expanded paid parental leave benefits for employees around the world, with 12 weeks of paid leave covering maternal, paternal, adoptive, surrogacy assisted and foster parents.

Enhanced the Employee Assistance Programs and CARE.

The enhanced services connect employees to professional assistance on a broad range of topics.

From mental health support to professional life coaching and work life services (i.e., elder adult care, travel, childcare, education, pet care, household services and parenting), employees can now easily navigate to the support they need.

Introduced new virtual mental health resources in the U.S. to support employees and their families, including behavioral support for children, teens and families.

Along with other leading companies across industries, we joined Thrive and the Society for Human Resources Management in pledging our continued commitment to prioritizing employee well being and mental health.

Expanded travel benefits for U.S. employees and their families, providing reimbursement for travel to receive medical services (inclusive of, but not limited to, reproductive healthcare) not available from any other in or out of network provider within 100 miles of the patient’s home.

Global Activity Challenge: In 2022, we held our seventh 30 day Global Activity Challenge, encouraging our employees to join teams to boost their health by getting moving.

Employees were able to select walking, running, dancing, cycling, gardening, practicing yoga or other preferred physical activity, competing against other global teams.

The 2022 Challenge engaged more than 33,000 participants in 73 countries, recording more than 7.5 billion steps throughout the Challenge.

Energy management: Our enterprise wide ENERGY FOR PERFORMANCE program helps employees manage their energy capacity so that they can be their best at work and in life.

We have consistently expanded the use of this program and introduced virtual courses to continue to deliver this important training during the pandemic.

In 2022, 8,872 employees completed ENERGY FOR PERFORMANCE courses.

A LEED Gold certified Janssen facility completed the second phase of a photovoltaic (PV) panel installation in 2022.

At Johnson Johnson, we understand that human health and environmental health are fundamentally linked healthy people need a healthy planet.

For more than two decades, we have set and achieved carbon reduction goals.

We have taken sustained, long term action to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and we are encouraging our suppliers to do the same.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we recognize our opportunity to drive positive change on issues that affect the health of the people we serve.

We continually strive to improve the environmental footprint of our operations, our products and our value chain while also working with others to accelerate and scale solutions.

And together with like minded partners, we are working to tackle today’s global challenges at the intersection of human and environmental health, including climate change and health equity.

Johnson Johnson has set three public goals to reduce GHG emissions across our value chain.

Our near term goal to reduce Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions by 60% from 2016 levels, is validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as being consistent with the reductions required to keep global warming to 1.5 C.

Johnson Johnson was recognized with a CDP A List rating in 2022 for our leadership in climate action for the fifth consecutive year, one of just 297 companies to be named to the Climate A List in 2022.

We take an intentional approach to climate action in order to benefit the health of our planet, the health of our company, and the health of people, including those who are disproportionately impacted by the effects of rising temperatures, extreme weather events and climate sensitive health risks.

In addition to progress towards our climate goals, we are working with partners to strengthen the climate resilience of the healthcare workforce and healthcare systems that serve those most vulnerable to the health impacts of a changing climate.

Since 2016, our absolute Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions have reduced by 41% (absolute reduction), from 1,166,456 MT CO2e in 2016 to 683,188 MT CO2e in 2022.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions data.

Progress in Renewable Electricity 67% of electricity is produced or procured from renewable energy sources.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson signed additional renewable Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) in Brazil and India.

Previously signed renewable electricity agreements in Europe and the U.S. went into effect in 2022.

Progress in Carbon Neutrality for Our Operations (by 2030) 41% (absolute reduction) in Scope 1 2 carbon emissions vs.

CarbonNeutral by the external organization Climate Impact Partners, bringing the total number of our certified CarbonNeutral sites to six.

Progress in Scope 3 Emissions Reductions (by 2030) 11% increase in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Scope 3.

Our Scope 3 emissions increased by 11% from 2016, driven primarily by Purchased Goods and Services and Upstream Transportation and Distribution.

The calculation of emissions from both categories is based on spend data and category specific economic input output emission factors (versus activity based emissions).

Fuel price increases and inflation further exacerbated costs used in the calculation of emissions.

Progress in 2022 includes becoming a founding member of the Pharmaceutical Industry’s program Activate, supporting API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts.

We also piloted a Joint Climate Action planning process with high emitting suppliers to identify areas of opportunity for collaboration to reduce Scope 3 emissions.

We are making meaningful progress in deploying renewable electricity across a greater portion of our operations around the world, with 67% of our global electricity use powered by renewables at the end of 2022.

Johnson Johnson maintains more than 50 on site renewable energy systems in 20 countries and has executed more than 15 contracts for off site renewable electricity procurement.

Our global expansion of the use of renewable electricity and execution of virtual PPAs and green tariffs has been a significant factor in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, in line with our goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our operations by 2030.

In 2022, we completed several initiatives to procure renewable electricity globally, propelling Johnson Johnson toward our 100% renewable electricity goal at the global level by 2025.

Brazil: A direct PPA was signed for 100% renewable electricity from a wind farm in northern Brazil for all Johnson Johnson operations in the country starting in 2023.

This is the largest deal we’ve made in South America to date.

India: A direct PPA was signed in Mulund, India, that will enable the Mulund Consumer Health plant to source some of its electricity from wind power in 2023.

Australia, China and South America: Multiple Utility Green Tariffs were completed for renewable electricity across several sites.

Mexico: A direct PPA from a wind farm in Mexico helps deliver part of Ethicon’s Juarez site with renewable electricity, as of September 2022.

Malaysia, South Africa and Spain: Expansion of on site solar power generation was completed at three Consumer Health sites.

This data is the percentage of electricity used by Johnson Johnson that is generated from renewable sources, including on site and off site renewable systems, like direct PPAs, virtual PPAs and Utility Green Tariffs.

In Europe, three virtual PPAs that were finalized in 2021 brought us to the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity in Europe due to renewable electricity certificates (RECs) contracted for 2022.

In addition to accelerating our use of renewable energy, we continue to invest in energy efficient processes and equipment, green construction and lower carbon renovations at our sites.

Since 2005, energy efficiency programs at our most energy intensive manufacturing and R D sites are allocated up to 40 million per year in capital relief through our CO2 Capital Relief Program, for energy projects that demonstrate potential CO2 savings and a financial return of at least 15%.

For example, Janssen’s Xi’an facility in China completed the second phase of photovoltaic (PV) panel installation as part of the CO2 Capital Relief Program, integrating it into its existing system.

The Xi’an site team after completing the second phase of photovoltaic (PV) panel installation.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions data.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision Care achieved 100% renewable electricity across its global manufacturing operations using Utility Green Tariffs and on site solar in the U.S. and both on site wind power and off site wind power from a direct PPA in Ireland.

Since 2016, our total absolute energy consumption across all Johnson Johnson sites has reduced by 8%, from 12,811 TJ in 2016 to 11,800 TJ in 2022.

This represents 30% energy reduction on an intensity basis, per billion in sales.

Green buildings: We continue to pursue Leadership in Energy Environmental Design (LEED) certification or equivalents (such as Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology BREEAM ).

In 2022, we added one LEED certification across our facilities, bringing our total at the end of 2022 to 68 LEED certified and BREEAM certified Johnson Johnson sites.

Approximately 9.4 million square feet of Johnson Johnson workspace is LEED certified.

In 2022, five Johnson Johnson sites in France (S zanne), Germany (Wuppertal), Italy (Pomezia), Switzerland (Neuch tel) and the U.S. (Lititz, Pennsylvania) were newly certified CarbonNeutral by the external organization Climate Impact Partners, bringing our total number of certified CarbonNeutral sites to six, including Helsingborg, Sweden, originally certified in 2017.

Carbon emissions reductions were achieved through energy efficiency initiatives, such as HVAC optimization and chiller system replacements, waste to energy projects and renewable electricity use.

Carbon credits and carbon offsets were utilized for remaining emissions.

Reducing energy consumption: Overall, between 2016 (our base year for the Health for Humanity 2025 Environmental Goals) and 2022, we reduced our total energy consumption by 8%, while our business grew by 32% in the same period.

In other words, our energy intensity, expressed as TJ per billion in sales to customers, reduced by 30%, strongly demonstrating the cumulative effect of continuous improvement and deliberate energy efficiency initiatives, year after year, across our global operations.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations.

Green labs: In 2022, our J J MedTech DePuy Synthes R D lab in Leeds, UK, and our Janssen Immunology lab in California, both achieved My Green Lab certification for implementing sustainability best practices.

My Green Lab certification is recognized by the UN Race to Zero campaign as a key measure of progress toward a zero carbon future and is considered the gold standard for laboratory sustainability best practices around the world.

We intend to seek certification for more Johnson Johnson labs in the coming year.

Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations.

Avoidance of energy consumption and GHG emissions were calculated by comparing energy consumption before project implementation and expected consumption after implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process.

Engaging with our key suppliers across our global supply base is critical to reducing our absolute upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions in line with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of 20% reduction by 2030 (from 2016 levels).

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 3 GHG emissions data.

To make progress in this area, our procurement and logistics teams worked closely to identify and realize opportunities to improve our Scope 3 data and drive emissions reductions.

Improving data quality: We are piloting a collection of more detailed sources of emissions data for our supply base, as well as using our data science capabilities to visualize CDP Supply Chain data that shows the maturity level of our largest emitting suppliers, including their goals, emissions footprint and reductions.

In early 2022, the National Academy of Medicine’s (NAM’s).

Action Collaborative on Decarbonizing the U.S. Health Sector, a public private partnership of leaders from across the health system, began engagement after forming in 2021.

The Climate Collaborative is a forum to align around collective goals and actions for decarbonization, based on evidence, shared solutions and a commitment to improve health equity.

One of the current work streams of this group focuses on developing and sharing resources to help healthcare supply chain companies start or accelerate their sustainability journeys.

In 2022, we were foundational funders of the Beyond the.

Megawatt Initiative from the Clean Energy Buyers Institute (CEBA), charged with creating a resilient, equitable and environmentally sustainable energy system for the benefit of all by leveraging energy customer demands for clean energy.

We also work with partners to advance environmental health equity.

This includes supporting programs to empower healthcare workers and to strengthen the resilience of healthcare facilities in areas where it’s needed most.

Building capability: We are helping to educate suppliers on emissions measurement and disclosure, as well as renewable energy adoption.

We have also trained our procurement teams to support high quality data submission by suppliers to CDP.

Driving reductions: We are piloting a Joint Climate Action Planning process with high emitting suppliers across various industries to help us understand their climate goals and efforts needed to achieve them.

Through Joint Climate Action Planning, we are able to identify the biggest opportunities to collaborate with suppliers to drive reductions in our Scope 3 emissions.

Regarding logistics, we continued to work with suppliers to reduce shipping related emissions.

For example, in Europe, Johnson Johnson introduced a rolling highway project that transports fully loaded trucks by rail between Italy and Belgium, significantly reducing emissions from road travel.

This program will be expanded to include more shipments in 2023.

In 2022, we also engaged with two initiatives to support collective efforts in driving down GHG emissions in pharmaceutical supply chains.

The Energize Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration platform with an aim to increase access to renewable electricity within pharmaceutical supply chains and to educate suppliers about renewable energy adoption and contracting.

More than 160 Johnson Johnson suppliers have registered to the platform.

In 2022, the Energize program supported its first renewable electricity buyers cohort a group of companies that came together to contract for renewable electricity at scale via a PPA.

The Activate Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration, launched in 2022, bringing together five pharmaceutical companies, including Johnson Johnson, as founding members to support active API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts through measurement of their GHG emissions and provision of practical decarbonization tools.

We continue to advance initiatives across our facilities and throughout our supply chain to minimize our impacts on the planet through responsible use of water, avoidance of waste and reduction of waste sent to a landfill.

Water stewardship: As part of our efforts to continuously improve our management of water resources and our water stewardship, we are pursuing Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) certifications across elected facilities in our network.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health Thailand and Janssen’s Xi’an, China, facility both achieved AWS certification.

The international AWS certification addresses sustainable water management and is confirmation of having met the global benchmark for responsible water stewardship.

We are pursuing additional site certifications in the coming years.

Water saving projects in Helsingborg, Sweden: At our Consumer Health site in Helsingborg, Sweden, three new water saving projects were completed in 2022.

A newly installed chiller with a closed loop water cooling system has reduced coolant water needs by more than half while requiring less energy to operate than the old model.

Production equipment cleaning processes were also optimized and shortened to save purified water annually.

Finally, an adjustment in the reverse osmosis processes and equipment service methodology was completed, saving additional water on site.

Over the past five years, our water withdrawal in million m3 per billion sales across Johnson Johnson globally has reduced by 5%, demonstrating efficiencies in water management alongside business growth in sales of 16% between 2018 and 2022.

Johnson Johnson was recognized with a CDP A rating in 2022 for our leadership in water security.

Waste management: We continually advance initiatives across all our facilities and throughout our supply chain to systematically avoid waste, reduce waste to landfill and increase sustainable management of waste.

The waste streams generated directly by our operations include hazardous and non hazardous waste from research laboratories, manufacturing processes, warehouses and offices.

Reducing hazardous waste: Our aim is to reduce hazardous waste from material intensive API processes by implementing green chemistry and engineering principles to improve chemical conversion yields and increasing reuse and recycling of raw materials.

For example, in 2022, Janssen continued a program to reduce hazardous waste from our small molecule API production at four Johnson Johnson sites.

Working toward zero waste: In Brazil, our teams at the S o.

Jos dos Campos site, which houses manufacturing for all three business segments of Johnson Johnson, have been working toward improving their waste management program.

Since 2020, several initiatives have been put in place to advance recycling across non hazardous waste streams, and in 2022, the site achieved its highest recycling level since the start of the program, on track to achieve its goal of being a certified TRUE Zero Waste facility.

Green Business Certification Inc.’s TRUE Zero Waste certification is a program that rates how well facilities perform in minimizing their non hazardous, solid wastes and maximizing their efficiency in the use of resources.

Several new on site waste management processes, including a waste inventory management system and internal packaging reuse systems, combined with outreach to suppliers for take back of packaging items for reuse or recycling, have contributed to a reduction in non hazardous waste sent to landfill from this facility.

We are committed to developing more sustainable products to support the health of people and our planet.

We focus on the product categories, platforms and lifecycle areas with the highest potential impact and prioritize improvements that can be implemented across multiple products.

We recognize that the products we create may continue to have environmental impacts after use, and we are working to offer more end of life circular solutions.

Expanding surgical device recycling: We expanded our hospital surgical device recycling program, which was piloted in Germany in 2021, to include eight countries in Europe.

Components from more than 25,000 single use products were recycled in 2021 and 2022 through our Hospital Recycling Program.

The program is also expanding to recover Ethicon’s absorbable suture aluminum based packaging in countries such as Germany and Switzerland.

Expanding pharmaceutical device take back: We expanded our U.S.

SAFE RETURNS program for home administered Janssen immunology products to Switzerland.

SAFE RETURNS allows patients to return their self injectable devices using paper envelopes instead of plastic containers once used.

A feature of the program is the removal of the hazardous material classification due to the needle safe authorization, thereby eliminating the need for patients to prepare special paperwork for handling by mainstream postal services.

The program is expected to expand to several additional European countries in 2023.

Addressing digital health device waste: Janssen launched and coordinated a new multiyear collaborative initiative, with co funding through the EU Horizon Europe program, to address the issue of increasing digital health device waste.

The initiative, called Digital Health in a Circular Economy (DiCE), brings together 20 organizations in the fields of manufacturing, research, refurbishing, remanufacturing, recycling, social science and policy from nine countries across Europe with an aim to examine the lifecycle of digital health devices from design to end of life, to help extend their lifetime and or to responsibly manage them at the end of their useful life.

Use of digital health devices is predicted to increase rapidly, so a collaborative solution is timely.

Reprocessing and recycling of medical devices: To reduce the end of life impact of medical device parts in the environment, J J MedTech reprocessed, single use devices manufactured by Johnson Johnson company, Sterilmed, and also offers reprocessed products from other original manufacturers, in line with local laws.

Additionally, J J MedTech’s Biosense Webster, in collaboration with Sterilmed, expanded its on site support to collect reprocessable ultrasound catheters, diagnostic catheters and electrophysiology cables to maximize the reprocessing programs in Canada and the U.S. and help health systems support their environmental sustainability objectives.

Reducing medical e waste: J J MedTech’s Biosense Webster in Brazil implemented an initiative to help hospital staff understand how to change the practice of discarding single use connector cables used in surgical ablation procedures by safely preparing them for reuse.

Biosense Webster cables were designed with exclusive materials to perform in sterile conditions and, when properly sterilized, can be safely reused up to 10 times.

By investing in educating hospital staff in sterilization procedures, tons of cables that are discarded annually in Brazil can now be avoided, both reducing waste and equipment expenses for hospitals.

The SOUNDSTAR Catheter shown here with the reusable eco cable connection.

Across our diverse portfolio of products, we are working on multiple opportunities to improve the sustainability of our product packaging.

Investing in new circular technologies: At Johnson Johnson, we aim to work with suppliers attempting to find solutions to help divert waste from landfills and to develop technologies that turn diverted waste into new materials.

This is why in 2022, Ethicon entered into an agreement with Eastman to purchase Eastman’s Eastar Renew 6763 copolyester for its medical device trays.

Eastman is a global specialty materials company that produces a broad range of advanced materials, chemicals and fibers found in items people use every day.

By purchasing Eastman’s Eastar Renew 6763 copolyester, Ethicon is able to attribute a portion of the weight of each tray to materials that Eastman collects for recycling.

With each tray, Ethicon helps divert waste from landfills and advances new technology solutions such as Eastman’s molecular recycling technology.

We know that a collective approach is essential to tackle today’s greatest environmental challenges.

This is an important first step toward advancing the circularity of our healthcare packaging.

Using recycled packaging for medical devices: J J MedTech company DePuy Synthes launched more than 250 product items in the SYNFIX Evolution brand in post consumer recycled (PCR) paperboard material (93%).

This PCR packaging replaced white boxes made with 100% virgin paperboard.

The new packaging went through extensive testing to confirm that it stands up to our stringent standards for sterility and structural integrity.

Reducing and recycling contact lens waste: As part of a commitment to reduce its environmental footprint, Johnson Johnson Vision removed the plastic pouches on the outside of delivery boxes for all ACUVUE contact lenses in Europe.

This change, involving placing delivery notes inside orders without external packaging, will save tons of plastic across Europe every year.

In the UK, Johnson Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE Contact Lens Recycle Scheme, launched in 2019, has collected over 8.7 million lenses and recently expanded to increase capacity of lenses, blister packs and foils to be recycled each year.

ACUVUE offers the only contact lens recycling program in the UK, and its expansion was achieved through an agreement with TerraCycle, with Johnson Johnson Vision funding 3,500 Zero Waste Boxes in 2022 alone.

Zero Waste Boxes are distributed to partnering opticians’ stores to provide nationwide access to contact lens recycling for consumers, providing a simple, accessible solution for storing, shipping and recycling contact lens waste, including the lenses themselves, along with the original foil covers and blister packaging.

Between 2019 and 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE Contact Lens Recycle Scheme recycled more than 8 million pairs of contact lenses, blister packs and foils.

Collaborations on sustainable product and packaging: We are members of several organizations that promote sustainable packaging and circularity in our industry, including: The Healthcare Plastics Recycling Council, advancing plastics recyclability in healthcare The Sustainable Healthcare Coalition, a healthcare sector led group that inspires sustainable practices in healthcare and The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), which advances the transition to a circular economy across the pharma value chain as a key pillar of its activity.

Learn more about sustainable packaging solutions in Consumer Health.

Our R D teams continue to integrate principles of green chemistry and engineering to develop our medicines.

Janssen obtained FDA approval for our inline conditioning process installed at Janssen’s Ireland facility.

This process, already approved by the Ireland Health Products Regulatory Authority, was developed by the Janssen R D team as part of a new manufacturing installation to support a plant expansion.

Inline conditioning applies a unique approach to preparing, supplying and releasing solutions in real time to the manufacturing process, without the need for large scale storage capacity.

The traditional, manual batch approach to making buffers involves dissolving buffer components in large tanks filled with water and then, in some cases, transferring the solution into bags that are transported to the point of use.

Inline conditioning both saves time and reduces material, waste and energy use throughout the process.

Janssen improved the efficiency of the manufacturing process of an oligonucleotide API.

The API manufacturing process is highly complex and can involve more than 100 linear chemical steps, consuming high quantities of solvents and reagents.

Expanded process development and deep understanding of each chemical transformation and its engineering parameters upon scale up reduced the manufacturing process mass intensity, which resulted in halving the API manufacturing cycle time, as well as lowering manufacturing costs.

Without these significant process and yield improvements, patient access to this innovative medicine would have been restrictive both in terms of affordability, as well as annual manufacturing capacity.

Upstream and downstream process improvements in the manufacturing of REMICADE (infliximab) enabled a significant increase in batch yield, thereby improving the product’s environmental profile.

The new REMICADE manufacturing process enables a significant reduction in required batches to deliver the final product, thereby lowering the quantities of raw materials to deliver the same output.

We play an important role in supporting initiatives to reduce the potential impact of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in the environment.

We have a mature and robust program for managing PIE and our position can be found here.

We continued our active participation in the industry led Eco.

Pharmaco Stewardship program, which released the Responsible Manufacturing Effluent Technical Guidance document, used by the industry and Johnson Johnson to inform how we control the concentrations of APIs that may enter the environment from our manufacturing plants and those of our suppliers.

As a member of the Antimicrobial Resistance Industry Alliance.

We also joined the Innovative Medicines Initiative’s Prioritization and Risk Evaluation of Medicines in the Environment (PREMIER) project consortium, which brings together public and private sector organizations to proactively manage the potential environmental impact of medicines.

The initiative aims to design a novel information and assessment system for identifying and addressing environmental risks of medicines to support a new European standard for environmental protection.

Manufacturing Operator Isabelle V. demonstrates manual intervention on the Seidenader automatic inspection line where syringes are inspected.

Innovation is a critical engine of our long term business success and a driver of our positive contribution to sustainable development.

Across Johnson Johnson, we deliver innovation in multiple ways.

In our Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health business segments, we combine innovative technologies with leading science to generate transformational solutions across the spectrum of healthcare (see section: Healthcare Innovation).

Throughout our global operations and supply chain, we deploy the most advanced technologies, including digital, to support our diverse healthcare portfolio, focusing on quality, reliability and efficiency in bringing our products and treatments to patients to enable better health outcomes.

Equally, we advance sustainability through our many technology driven innovations that support environmental efficiencies in our global supply chain.

Embracing advanced technologies: We are early adopters of the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) across our organization.

This approach is recognized by the World Economic Forum (WEF) Global Lighthouse Network that identifies leadership in 4IR technology deployment to transform factories, value chains and business models.

Of the 145 Global Lighthouse designations granted by the WEF, Johnson Johnson is privileged to have 11 Lighthouse designations more than any other company in the world.

Building on the digital revolution that preceded it, 4IR is marked by a shift from innovation made possible by artificial intelligence, robotics, autonomous vehicles, 3D printing, the Internet of Things and other breakthrough digital technologies to innovation based on a fusion of these technologies.

Janssen’s Cork site in Ireland was designated twice: first, in 2020, for incorporating 4IR technologies into daily manufacturing and supply chain operations, and again in 2022, for using 4IR to advance its sustainability efforts.

Advance Case Management end to end business model recognized.

Johnson Johnson partners with customers to manage inventory at the point of consumption in an effort to ensure the right orthopaedic implants for the right patient at the right time.

Janssen, Cork, Ireland: Received a Sustainability designation for the use of adaptive process controls to automatically adjust the chiller system for faultless operation and built a digital twin chiller loop that connects the plant with its energy provider, allowing it to share and monitor a single source of data to dramatically reduce the site’s carbon footprint.

Janssen, Latina, Italy: Deployed a streamlined continuous manufacturing line, which is fully automated and digitally connected to a similar mirror line located in the Janssen R D plant in Beerse, Belgium.

The twin lines connected by sensors, big data and digital analytics enable the quick and seamless transfer of products from R D to manufacturing, greatly accelerating time to market, as well as improving product process time and efficiency.

Consumer Health, Bangkok, Thailand: Adopted AI in quality inspections on LISTERINE filling lines, replacing a manual inspection process.

New AI modules on all filling lines learn the visual differences in bottle quality, enabling automatic identification of defective bottles to speed up the production process and reduce waste.

Our site can now ship LISTERINE directly from the packing line, more than halving lead times for customers.

Consumer Health, Mulund, India: Deployed 4IR solutions such as demand sensing, smart logistics, robotics and 3D printing to improve reliability, accelerate new product introductions by 33% and enhance cost effectiveness for customers.

Improving customer service with machine learning: We established the Janssen Track Trace Platform to drive proactive risk management and enhance the customer experience.

By using Internet of Things sensors with machine learning, we developed an industry leading Estimated Arrival Time capability that provides customers with a 10 minute delivery window, an unprecedented level of accuracy in predicting and informing customers when shipments will arrive.

This new capability is now live on the Johnson Johnson Customer Connect website and will be a game changer for personalized medicine and time sensitive products such as CAR T technology based cell therapies (see section: Pharmaceutical R D), hospital trauma kits and gene therapies.

Revolutionizing our transportation network using real time tools: Our implementation of a new Johnson Johnson Global Transportation Control Tower, covering contracted inter regional air and ocean transport and selected road transportation in our three business segments, has revolutionized transport planning efficiency, shipment visibility in transit and customer confidence in shipment status through real time communications.

The Control Tower, supported by our logistics partner, integrated hundreds of shipping sites, thousands of transportation lanes and dozens of ERP systems to form a single transport planning hub that offers several benefits, including end to end visibility of supply chain movements standardized procedures for shipment booking and management near real time performance reporting spend visibility and freight audit capabilities and continuous improvements through freight optimization, improved lead times and improved response times.

The Global Transportation Control Tower is an important step in our journey to become an agile, digital and unified transportation team across the globe.

It accelerates our reach to key markets, reduces our total spend and helps us monitor deliveries in real time to proactively resolve issues before they impact our customers.

Optimizing surgical inventories using real time data: Advance Case Management (ACM), our digitally enabled system to increase perioperative efficiency a priority for surgery centers and hospitals was further scaled in 2022 after two years of operation.

ACM digitally integrates electronic medical records, surgical schedules and patient health information to inform a proprietary AI driven algorithm that can accurately predict patient specific implant and surgical instrument needs based on patient joint sizing, biometrics and surgeon preference.

Using ACM, patient and procedure specific equipment is supplied to surgery centers and hospitals, enabling them to reduce overall J J MedTech inventory, minimize operating room setup time and achieve other efficiencies leading to higher equipment availability alongside cost savings.

ACM doubled its volume in 2022, supporting surgeons in more than 150 health systems around the U.S. and improving overall patient care.

Creating a smart Hot Room in China: At our J J MedTech Ethicon Suzhou Plant in China, the new smart Hot Room improves production efficiency, optimizes the production environment and reduces safety risks.

Ethicon employees operate the Hot Room using intelligent automation (IA) to complete hot degassing, an important process for suture production.

Employees have no need to enter the room at any stage, and by using Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tagging, they can track products end to end in real time, enabling a touchless and accurate supply chain to meet China’s growing demand for surgical sutures.

Automating new product development and launches: At J J MedTech, IA is used to create a tailored, robotic document drafting solution that accelerates new product launch timelines.

Previously, J J MedTech teams submitted thousands of pages of documents to regulators detailing device data and clinical study results when applying for new product authorization and, in many cases, different regulatory bodies require different data.

This meant that J J MedTech technical writers spent weeks reviewing extensive documentation to identify and collate the relevant content for regulatory submissions.

With the new tool, machine learning and natural language processing are used to deconstruct documents into structured data sets that automatically populate new documents for submission, requiring only minor manual additions.

This process increased efficiency, and has resulted in more concise documents an additional advantage that reduces turnaround time for the multiple language translations required for each document.

Because we launch products across several jurisdictions, everything isn’t always called the same thing or in the same order in required regulatory documentation.

We needed to create a solution that could use and gain knowledge to determine what data is being requested.

A critically important link in our value chain, Johnson Johnson’s supplier network underpins our business continuity and enables us to manufacture and deliver essential products and services to our patients, consumers and customers.

Guided by Our Credo values, we aim to maintain collaborative supplier relationships and encourage a broad diversity of suppliers to work with us.

Our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers, our Supplier Sustainability Program (SSP) and our Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion Program are core frameworks that underscore our interactions with suppliers, what we expect of them and how we support them.

Through our Partnerships for Good, we encourage our suppliers to join us in developing sustainable solutions to social and environmental challenges.

The vital role of a strong supply network is evident to all of us at Johnson Johnson.

The saying it takes a village could have been written for our supply chain although in our case, with tens of thousands of suppliers and Johnson Johnson employees across the globe, we are talking about a very large village But the point is clear: We could not achieve our goals without the dedication, collaboration, responsiveness and responsible conduct of all those who are engaged day in day out in helping us meet our commitments to our patients through the supply of products, goods, services and technologies to our organization.

Our responsible supply base ambitions are reflected in three Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

Progress in Supplier Sustainability Program 42,800 suppliers are included in one of the three Tiers, representing 93% of Johnson Johnson’s supply base.

Progress in Global Supplier Diversity and Inclusion Achieved and exceeded target in two consecutive years 2021 and 2022.

Partnerships for Good Established six total partnerships, including three partnerships in 2022 focused on women’s empowerment, packaging sustainability and fair chance employment.

Co developed a Women’s Empowerment program focused on ensuring women have equal professional access and growth opportunities.

Deployed recyclable e commerce ready pumps into the Johnson Johnson packaging portfolio.

Implemented hiring practices to remove common barriers experienced by justice impacted communities to build an equitable workforce.

Represents spend we have control over addressable spend, defined as products and services that procurement teams can negotiate with suppliers to meet business goals.

Our supply base is an extension of our business and an important link to our customers around the world.

In a large and diverse organization such as Johnson Johnson, setting clear expectations of suppliers across all aspects of their interactions with us enables the best outcomes for our Company, our suppliers and all those we serve.

Suppliers are critical to our mission of changing the trajectory of health for humanity, and we recognize the broad based impact these external partners have on our communities.

That is why we are committed to working with suppliers who not only provide the highest quality products and services, but who also share our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion sustainability and respecting human rights.

By working with suppliers who embrace these imperatives, we can drive even greater benefits for society.

To help us deliver on the high standards embodied in Our Credo, we seek relationships with suppliers who uphold the principles reflected in our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers.

These Standards outline our expectations on a number of important topics and are integral to our supplier selection process, helping us build a supply base that shares our commitment to strong ethics, quality and global citizenship.

The Standards are periodically updated to align with current best practices and our own internal advances.

Supplier Diversity, Equity Inclusion: Suppliers are expected to foster a culture of DEI within their own organizations and throughout their own supply bases.

Information Security: Suppliers are expected to rigorously manage their business activities, employ appropriate information security practices to safeguard data and systems and maintain business continuity.

Environmental Responsibility: Suppliers are expected to align with expanded requirements covering GHG reductions and the willingness to measure and publicly disclose data increased focus on energy efficiencies and integration of biodiversity considerations, recyclability and recycled material use.

We communicated the new Standards to our suppliers, supported by training and ongoing engagement.

We aim to work respectfully and collaboratively with all suppliers who engage with Johnson Johnson.

Our Supplier Sustainability Program (SSP) is a key tool to engage selected suppliers, requiring them to conform to our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers and regularly complete an assessment by EcoVadis, a recognized provider of business sustainability ratings for global supply chains.

We also encourage transparency among our largest suppliers, encouraging them to publicly disclose their environmental performance, including GHG emissions and water use to CDP.

Assessing and engaging suppliers on social risks: We continued to strengthen our processes and tools to assess, verify and address risks in our supply base as part of our compliance with laws and regulations and to check conformance to the Human and Labor Rights section of our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers.

Our human rights in the supply base work included targeted due diligence of existing and potential suppliers, including the use of on site SMETA (Pillar 4) audits and fuller investigations of potential high risk commodities and supply chains.

We also deployed two tech enabled risk assessment tools: (i) using AI to gain upstream supply chain visibility of potential high risk commodities, and (ii) embedding third party modern slavery metrics in our SSP to assess potential supplier risks.

In particular, we maintain multiple multiyear forest partnerships to enable the protection of tropical rainforests that are critical for climate mitigation, wildlife conservation and long term community well being.

We focus on palm oil, working with the Earthworm Foundation and BSR’s Action for Sustainable Derivatives initiative, and wood fiber products, working with the Rainforest Alliance, to build transparency in our sourcing and supply and engage our suppliers in responsible practices.

Examples of forest initiatives we continue to support include an initiative of the World Wildlife Fund to restore forests and protect more than 38,000 hectares of rainforest in Sumatra, Indonesia, and an initiative with the Forest Conservation Fund in Loreto, Peru, to prevent the deforestation of 10,000 hectares of pristine Amazon rainforest.

Conflict minerals: As members of the Responsible Minerals Initiative and in line with regulatory requirements, we remain committed to taking steps to determine the use, country of origin and source of tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold in our global product portfolio.

In 2022, we held the first dedicated human rights training session as part of our Onward Sustainability Training Program launched in 2021 and part of our SSP for suppliers, providing guidance on developing human rights policy commitments (see section: Human Rights).

Building supplier capabilities: In 2022 as part of Onward, Johnson Johnson Procurement and Sustainability managers, in collaboration with the British Standards Institute, introduced new content to more than 1,000 suppliers in 45 countries.

These sessions were designed to focus on specific practical areas for development such as measuring and reporting GHG emissions, starting a supplier diversity program and establishing health and safety policies for employees.

Our intention is not only to support our own suppliers so that they can help Johnson Johnson achieve our goals, but also to help suppliers drive responsible conduct through their own supply chains, resulting in greater efficiency, resilience and sustainable practice for a wide supply network.

Since launch, the Onward sessions have had more than 1,300 attendees from our global supply base.

Engaging suppliers in innovation: Johnson Johnson’s Supplier Enabled Innovation Program allows us to generate innovative solutions through engagement with our supply base using an innovation technology platform.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson’s Procurement organization held its second annual Supplier Enabled Innovation Awards event, recognizing the top innovations from these programs in 2021.

Manufacturing design improvement: Working with a supplier,.

J J MedTech was able to improve the performance of Ethicon’s flagship stapler by creating a new manufacturing process to deliver an enhanced design.

Enhancing precision marketing capabilities: Our OTC team in China worked with a supplier to generate unique data insights from consumer behavior data to help engage consumers and meet their needs more effectively.

Improving product sustainability: Johnson Johnson Consumer.

Health in Brazil partnered with several suppliers to develop a sanitary napkin under our SEMPRE LIVRE brand that uses 50% less plastic and includes a pouch component that is made of 100% recyclable paper.

Partnerships for Good: We executed three new Partnerships for Good in 2022, advancing our progress toward our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal to collaborate with suppliers to create 10 solutions that drive environmental, social and economic improvements, bringing our total to six Partnerships for Good to date.

Fair chance employment: This partnership with Kelly Services is designed to remove barriers to employment for contingent worker job candidates who may have been previously overlooked.

In this program, Kelly Services works with Johnson Johnson to evaluate existing policies on a job category basis and to craft and introduce new policies that eliminate unnecessary barriers and develop new contingent assignment postings with more inclusive language.

Recyclable pumps: This partnership with supplier Aptar enabled.

Johnson Johnson Consumer Health to launch a recyclable pump for our AVEENO brand in European markets with potential for expansion internationally.

With more than 100 million pumps used annually by AVEENO, this innovation has the potential to prevent huge volumes of plastic from entering our waste streams.

Women’s Empowerment Initiative: Working with supplier.

Sodexo, this partnership focuses on women’s empowerment in EMEA and APAC, aiming to promote equal access for women to growth and opportunities in our workplaces.

A program of initiatives, delivered jointly by Sodexo and Johnson Johnson, includes mentoring, coaching, job shadowing for women facing barriers to work, skilled volunteering opportunities and more.

Throughout our business, we source commodities and raw materials, some of which require heightened procurement focus due to critical environmental or biodiversity concerns or elevated human rights risks in the supply chain.

We work to understand the potential risks and impacts of our procurement activities in these areas and define appropriate standards and controls in responsible sourcing of commodities and raw materials of concern.

Our Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion program provides a platform for proactive outreach to diverse and small suppliers, collaboration with partners advancing supplier diversity and guidance to suppliers on how to engage with Johnson Johnson.

Now in the third decade of this program, we continue to realize the value that an inclusive supply base brings to our business, our people and our communities.

We have expanded our global footprint driving social and economic impact in 20 markets, including the U.S.

A key measure of our progress to advance supplier diversity is our Global Impact Spend, representing addressable spend with small and diverse suppliers globally and small businesses in the U.S.

Global Impact Spend was also one of our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals and was exceeded in 2021.

This Goal, while concluded, is confirmed as having been exceeded again in 2022.

For the 12th consecutive year, Johnson Johnson maintained membership in the Billion Dollar Roundtable, a group of companies that advance best practices for supplier diversity and that spend at least 1 billion annually with diverse owned suppliers.

We are really proud to partner with Johnson Johnson, recognizing them in 2022 at the very highest platinum level in our annual Global Champions of Supplier Diversity and Inclusion awards.

Johnson Johnson are amongst the best of the best globally in regards of inclusive spend.

Our partnership, now in its 11th year, continues to grow as we seek to jointly drive action to break down the barriers that prevent women business owners from accessing new market opportunities.

In 2022, the Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion team put additional focus on partnering with external advocacy partners to expand capability and capacity for diverse businesses.

Broadening diverse supplier capabilities to compete in a global market: Johnson Johnson sponsored the National Minority Supplier Development Council’s (NMSDC) Certificate of Excellence program, designed to broaden the capabilities of minority owned businesses to compete in a global environment.

During the nine month program, launched in 2022, more than 80 select NMSDC certified Women and Minority Business Enterprises benefited from coaching relationships with corporate leaders and mentors, as well as instructional seminars delivered by Rutgers Business School, subject matter experts from Johnson Johnson and multiple industry partners.

Johnson Johnson’s substantial support of diverse suppliers is an important indicator of their values.

As a sponsor of a cohort of the NMSDC Center of Excellence Certificate Program, Johnson Johnson is making a difference by investing in the growth of Minority Business Enterprises and Women Business Enterprises.

We are proud to partner with a company that has a long history of community engagement and corporate citizenship.

Expanded mentoring in manufacturing and logistics: Johnson Johnson also became a founding sponsor of the Diverse Manufacturing Supply Chain Alliance (DMSCA) Foundation.

This sponsorship enabled the organization to expand its training to incorporate digitalization modules and assessments to build the capabilities of suppliers.

We have been a corporate partner of DMSCA, a development program for diverse manufacturers and logistics suppliers, since 2009.

Building capacity for women of color owned businesses: Johnson Johnson sponsored two cohorts totaling close to 50 women in the Women’s Business Enterprise Council Metro NY and Greater DMV (District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia) Amplify program.

Amplify is a program uniquely designed to engage and support women of color in maximizing opportunities to scale their businesses.

I entered this program hoping to build on the foundational understanding of running a business as a solopreneur, and I received so much more.

I was able to expand my network and grow my business ... up 75% in revenue.

Supporting the development of advocacy bodies around the world: We support the development of advocacy bodies who help us to discover and certify diverse suppliers these are critical enablers to our program but also advance the adoption of supplier diversity and inclusion practices for other companies to drive even greater impact.

Developing minority owned supplier advocacy in Europe: Johnson Johnson became a founding member of the European Supplier Diversity Project (ESDP), an initiative led by Minority Supplier Development UK to support ethnic minority and migrant owned businesses.

ESDP aims to enable these businesses to certify and access opportunities in corporate supply chains.

The initiative was supported by research sponsored by Johnson Johnson that documents why an increasingly diverse Europe needs equality in procurement for ethnic minority entrepreneurs, who frequently suffer discrimination on the basis of their race or ethnicity.

In 2022, we also sponsored the Buy Social Europe initiative to support our strategy to procure from Social Enterprises, as well as a new relationship with Out Britain to support our procurement from businesses owned by members of the LGBTQ community.

Minority businesses help local economies thrive, create jobs and wealth, innovate and export, not to mention paying taxes.

Engaging with customers and suppliers to extend end to end impact: We expanded our impact across our value chain through reporting and engagements with customers in the U.S. We introduced a customer engagement program in partnership with internal groups, connecting with more than 50 major customers across healthcare systems to share best practices and support their efforts to address social determinants of health.

In addition, we grew our supplier Tier 2 spend reporting by 28% in 2022 through engagements with Johnson Johnson prime suppliers.

Our Board of Directors oversees our Company in accordance with Our Credo values, enabling us to put the patients we serve first and create value for society while maintaining a thriving business.

Our governance structure, policies and processes are designed to serve the needs of our business, our shareholders and other stakeholders and to promote a culture of accountability across the Enterprise.

For details of our corporate governance principles and approach, our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework, governance structures, Board Charters, organizational documents and all SEC filings, please see our Position on Corporate Governance and the Corporate Governance section on Johnson Johnson’s website.

For more than 13 decades, Johnson Johnson has shown that robust corporate practices, disciplined leadership and a values driven culture is a winning mix, underpinning long term value creation for our shareholders, patients, customers, partners and our employees around the world.

As we move into the next era of our Company’s history with the separation of our Consumer Health business, this reliable legacy of doing the right things in the right way positions us well to continue to deliver on Our Purpose of profoundly changing the future of health for humanity.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing execution of risk management duties and for assessing Johnson Johnson’s approach to risk management.

The Board reviews and discusses strategic, operational, financial and reporting risks, as well as non financial, or ESG, risks, including compliance, environmental, social (e.g., human capital management) and cybersecurity risks, leveraging the ERM Framework.

For more information, see section: ESG Governance).

We announced the appointment of Joaquin Duato as the 10th Chairman of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, in addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer, effective January 2023.

We also announced that Alex Gorsky would be stepping down from his role as Executive Chairman.

During the annual review of how the Board evaluates and mitigates risk, we concluded that our Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee was best positioned to oversee certain ESG matters alongside other complementary compliance matters.

In turn, the Science Technology Committee now oversees medical safety and devotes even greater attention to the Company’s product pipeline and evaluation of innovative technologies.

This restructuring helps ensure that our governance structure reflects the most important issues and opportunities facing Johnson Johnson.

The collaboration between the Compensation Benefits.

Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board was formalized to ensure that incentives and compensation are appropriately aligned with financial performance and Our Credo.

First published in 1943, Our Credo stipulates that paying taxes is our responsibility to the communities in which we live and work.

Johnson Johnson is committed to paying our fair share of taxes.

Our tax footprint evolves over time and reflects our healthcare activities and investments, including in research and development and manufacturing.

What has not changed or wavered is our commitment to good corporate citizenship, which we demonstrate through sustainable values and behaviors relating to tax governance, compliance, planning, risk management, relationship with governmental authorities and transparency, which are more fully described in our Johnson Johnson Tax Policy.

This Tax Policy was updated in 2022 to provide greater transparency regarding our tax governance, compliance, tax planning and incentives.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson contributed approximately 13.7 billion in taxes and fees to governments and economies around the world.

This Total Tax Contribution is made up of two components: Total Taxes Borne by the Company and Total Taxes Collected.

Taxes Borne are a direct cost to the Company, whereas Taxes Collected are collected from customers and employees on behalf of governments and ultimately remitted to them.

Our intent is to provide a comprehensive view of total taxes paid around the world.

Corporate Income Tax represents payments in all markets in which we operate and is the amount reported as Income Taxes Paid in the 2022 Annual Report.

Other taxes shown aggregate the Company’s data from 22 major markets that represent the vast majority of our revenues.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion.

Total Taxes Borne: In 2022, Johnson Johnson bore 7.7 billion in taxes around the world.

The taxes include corporate income taxes, the Company’s share of payroll and social insurance taxes and the Company’s share of sales and other taxes.

Sales taxes include sales, use and non recoverable value added tax.

Other taxes are primarily comprised of customs and other duties such as local taxes and special fees related to the pharmaceutical industry.

Total Taxes Collected: Additionally, in 2022 Johnson Johnson collected 6.0 billion related to the commerce the Company generates.

These collections were in the form of payroll and social insurance taxes from approximately 153,700 employees across the world, sales and use taxes and value added taxes.

These taxes are collected on behalf of governments from employees, customers and other business partners.

Taxes Collected are an important part of the measure of the contribution made by Johnson Johnson through job creation and business activities in the many countries in which we operate.

It should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and Annual Report on Form 10 K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings.

The values that guide our decision making are spelled out in Our Credo, which guides us to act ethically and within the laws that govern our businesses everywhere and at all times.

Supported by comprehensive policies, procedures and training programs, everyone at Johnson Johnson knows the value of doing the right thing.

Corporate Heroes Interactive Games strengthened our culture of accountability during Compliance Week 2022.

We embed Our Credo values throughout our Company to ensure all employees and contingent workers know their responsibilities to act in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and industry codes, as well as the Company’s internal standards and expectations for ethical and compliant conduct.

We use our biennial Our Credo Survey to assess how our values come to life across the Enterprise, which is supplemented in alternate years by the Our Voice Survey, which monitors employee sentiment related to many topics, including ethical business conduct.

Building on Our Credo values, Our Code of Business Conduct (CBC) and Health Care Compliance (HCC) policies list comprehensive ethical standards for decisions and actions in every market where we operate.

Mandatory CBC training is conducted every two years, and HCC training is conducted each year.

All new employees are assigned and required to complete CBC, HCC and other relevant required training.

Updating our compliance framework: We revised our HCC Framework to provide updated practical guidance on compliance with HCC guidelines based on the Ten Hallmarks of an Effective Compliance Program of the U.S. Department of Justice and to highlight specific focus on the role of our business leaders in setting a strong message at the top and continuing to drive a culture of accountability throughout our organization.

Annual compliance training: Our Enterprise HCC Annual Training encompasses the foundations of compliance using role based topics and scenarios to drive training effectiveness.

We design our training with the objective of ensuring learning is achieved, incorporating interactive challenges and a final assessment.

We evaluate learning transfer using our proprietary methodology, and in 2022, our evaluation showed that learning transfer proved to be statistically reliable for a third year in a row.

This indicates that critical thinking was required to answer the Enterprise HCC Annual Training assessment questions correctly and that passing the assessment was not simply the result of guesswork.

In 2022, the Johnson Johnson Enterprise HCC Annual Training Measuring Effectiveness methodology was awarded the prestigious Brandon Hall Gold Award for Best Advance in Compliance Training, along with a Silver Award for Best Advance in Learning Measurement.

Reinforcing our culture of accountability: Throughout 2022, our communication and training efforts focused on strengthening the culture of accountability with several initiatives, including communications from leadership ethical leadership workshops using situational cases and training to assist in preventing, detecting and correcting non compliant behavior, as well as the Compliance Week 2022 Initiative containing interactive games, contests, and appealing communication materials to support culture building initiatives under the tagline People Follow People.

Number of warning letters or untitled letters issued by OPDP or APLB in the U.S.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

OPDP: Office of Prescription Drug Promotion APLB: Advertising and Promotional Labeling Branch of the FDA Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Johnson Johnson Triage Committee and case investigators have the ability to change the issue type of the cases upon receipt in Our Credo Integrity Line.

This occurred for no more than 16% of cases in 2022.

The Our Credo Integrity Line provides a channel for all employees, contractors, customers, third party agencies and other partners to report potential violations of the CBC, other Company policies or the applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation.

The 2022 increase in Human Resources inquiries and complaints to Our Credo Integrity Line is a result of a period of significant organizational change.

Continuous improvement in anti corruption controls: We aim to achieve continuous improvement vigilance, governance, controls and processes to prevent corruption in any part of our business.

Following our completion of the Transparency International UK (TI UK) Corporate Anti Corruption Benchmark in 2022, a comprehensive self assessment tool that measures and compares the performance of anti corruption programs across companies, we continued to engage in quarterly meetings with TI UK and other companies participating in the benchmark to share insights and discuss best practices.

Learn more about our anti corruption disclosures (NBIM) in our 2022 ESG Disclosure Index.

Johnson Johnson was named in 2022 for the fifth consecutive year to the CPA Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability with Trendsetter status.

Independent assessment of external research proposals: Since 2014, we have been working with the Yale University Open Data Access (YODA) Project to enable a consistent approach for the independent assessment of external research proposals requesting the use of clinical trial data generated by Johnson Johnson companies.

As of 2022, 301 research proposals have been reviewed and 85 articles published using data shared through the YODA Project, enabling researchers to create new insights that advance science and medicine and lead to improvements in public health.

Johnson Johnson continues to demonstrate its support of expanding the reach of clinical trial data and, in 2022, joined the Vivli Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Data Register (see section: Antimicrobial Resistance).

We collaborate with NYU School of Medicine to support Janssen decision making for investigational medicine requests, also known as compassionate use or pre approval access.

The Compassionate Use Advisory Committee (CompAC), comprising ethicists, physicians and patient representatives independently selected by NYU, provides recommendations to Janssen on pre approval access plans and individual requests received at Janssen.

CompAC affirms Johnson Johnson’s commitment to ensuring a transparent, ethical and objective approach to reviewing compassionate use requests.

Since 2015, Janssen has provided access to almost 8,000 patients globally through its Pre Approval Access (PAA) Program.

In 2022, we further advanced transparency by providing, for the first time, a list of potential treatment options available per country or territory on Janssen.com.

Keeping bioethics on the agenda: Our Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO) sponsors the Johnson Johnson Bioethics Committee (JJBC), which advises our global teams on ethical issues, in alignment with our Ethical Code of Conduct for R D. In 2022, the JJBC continued to advise many Johnson Johnson teams on ethical questions related to research, access to investigational medicines and data transparency conducted workshops on bioethics principles and launched a bioethics related mentoring program for employees.

JJBC members undertook professional ethics training with Fellowships at Auschwitz for the Study of Professional Ethics (FASPE).

In addition, OCMO sponsored the Harvard Multi Regional Clinical Trials Bioethics Collaborative a bioethics colloquium convened by NYU and the New York Academy of Sciences and co founded and co chairs the Bioethics Community within DIA, a global organization advancing life sciences networks.

Promoting animal welfare: Research involving animals has led to major medical advances and will continue to be an important part of further discoveries until viable non animal alternatives are developed and accepted.

Year after year, we utilize non animal alternatives whenever possible and work with regulatory bodies to gain acceptance of appropriate non animal alternatives.

Johnson Johnson is committed to the 3Rs principles for the ethical treatment of animals involved in biomedical research replacing, reducing and refining their use whenever possible.

Our Global Animal Welfare Officer is responsible for ensuring adherence to and monitoring our animal welfare standards, supported by many R D professionals who are certified in different aspects of veterinary medicine and animal welfare.

As part of our commitment to the ethical and humane treatment of laboratory animals under our care, we hold an annual 3Rs awards program to recognize our teams’ outstanding achievements in replacing, reducing and refining the use of animals in the fields of biomedical research, education or training.

In 2022, the winning innovation advanced the use of donated human cadavers to avoid animal use in HCP training on medical devices.

We are transparent about our animal welfare practice and engage widely to inform, share and work toward improving public policy on animal testing.

For example, in 2022, Janssen’s Beerse site in Belgium welcomed the Animal Welfare Committee from the Flemish Parliament and a number of other stakeholders from the life sciences ecosystem.

Visitors toured the animal facilities and engaged in discussions around Janssen’s animal welfare policy and alternatives that could reduce animal testing.

Guided by Our Credo values, we respect and promote human rights across our operations, through our business relationships and in the communities in which we operate.

Focus Areas: In line with the UNGPs, we focus our efforts in areas where the potential and actual risk of adverse human rights impacts linked to our business is most significant.

In 2022, we established a four pillar framework to guide our human rights priority focus areas and related action plans.

The Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee (RCSC) of the Board of Directors provides oversight of management’s approach to respecting human rights.

In 2022, the RCSC received an update outlining the continued evolution of the Company’s approach to human rights and external regulatory and stakeholder developments.

Governance: Johnson Johnson’s Enterprise Human Rights Governance Council (EHRGC), established in 2019, is comprised of a cross functional group of senior leaders representing key functions and oversees the Company’s approach to human rights, including setting priority focus areas and implementing action plans on an annual basis.

The EHRGC is supported with direction and guidance from our Chief Sustainability Officer and our Worldwide Vice President of Legal Strategy Operations and Risk Management.

Improving human rights due diligence: We continually evolve and strengthen our broad based human rights due diligence process.

In 2022, we worked with ERM, an independent sustainability consultancy, to develop a risk identification tool to better identify geographies and sites at a potentially higher risk of adverse human rights impacts within Johnson Johnson’s own operations and facilities.

The tool will be deployed in 2023 to prioritize targeted due diligence reviews.

In our supply base, we continued to assess human rights risks in our supply chain through the use of tools such as EcoVadis self assessments from suppliers in our SSP and supplier audits.

We also updated our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers (RSS), which strengthened guidance on how suppliers should establish policies and management systems to identify and address human rights impacts, and we provided training for suppliers on the RSS updates (see section: Supplier Engagement).

We prohibit the use of any forced or bonded labor in the manufacture of any product, or any component of a product, as outlined in our Anti Human Trafficking Policy and Employment of Young Persons Policy.

In 2022, we established an Anti Modern Slavery work stream to advance our due diligence efforts in this area.

We worked with Impactt a consulting firm specializing in ethical trade and human rights to support us in developing a suite of modern slavery due diligence materials such as training materials, a supplier assessment questionnaire and investigation guidelines.

We also integrated Verisk Maplecroft risk indicators on Modern Slavery into our Supplier Risk Management system to identify potentially higher risk suppliers.

This work will inform further due diligence in 2023.

The risk of modern slavery in supply chains is critical for companies to consider in their approach to respecting human rights.

We have been working in collaboration with Johnson Johnson on its due diligence approach to identify and respond to potential modern slavery risks in the supply base.

Maintaining a living wage: In line with our commitment to fair working conditions, we continued in 2022 to implement an annual living wage assessment in collaboration with Business for Social Responsibility (BSR) to ensure employees in all the countries in which we operate receive pay that is both market competitive and sufficient to attain a sustainable standard of living.

As in previous years, we made a small number of wage adjustments in countries to ensure our living wage standards were met.

Capability building: All Johnson Johnson employees and certain categories of contingent workers are assigned and required to complete the Code of Business Conduct training, available in 27 languages, every two years.

This training includes guidance related to human rights.

Furthermore, our Foundational Human Rights Learning and Education course is available to all employees globally.

At the end of 2022, more than 3,400 employees and contingent workers key to our human rights program had completed the module.

In 2022, 93% of Johnson Johnson Procurement employees completed mandatory human rights training.

Collaborating to advance human rights: We continue to participate in various external platforms to share insights and good practices across industry, including Shift’s Business Learning Program, BSR’s Human Rights Working Group and the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative Human Rights and Labor Working Group.

Learn more about our approach and frameworks to respecting human rights in our Position on Human Rights, our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers and related ESG Policies Positions.

For our grievance mechanism, see section Ethics Compliance.

Johnson Johnson reaches patients and consumers across the world with our medicines, medical technologies and consumer health products.

Their safety when using our products is a critical priority for Johnson Johnson: We insist on quality and safety at every stage of product development, manufacturing, supply chain and commercialization.

We have a bold ambition to be at the leading edge in our industry with a quality and compliance organization enabled by a fully connected digital ecosystem and highly competent people who are skilled in managing and addressing all aspects of the quality spectrum.

The future of healthcare will increasingly rely upon digital solutions, and we have been continually evolving our systems and our teams to embrace digital technology that support consistent quality, compliance and positive experiences with our products for patients, consumers and customers.

Reinforcing our commitment to quality, all employees are required to take our interactive e Learning Quality Management Framework course.

The course informs employees about our quality management systems and provides examples of roles and responsibilities that help maintain quality across Johnson Johnson and how everyone, in every role, should play a part.

Our commitment to quality, safety and reliability is the basis for everything we do.

Our Quality Policies and Quality Standards cover the lifecycle of our products from R D to the patient and consumer experience.

They provide a framework and common foundation of quality expectations and help ensure a reliable supply of high quality products across all our business segments in the markets we serve.

Transforming quality processes with digital solutions: Many tasks in Quality Compliance are transactional, and to date, much employee time has been spent on manual processes.

Automating manual tasks by applying intelligent analytical tools allows employees to tackle higher value tasks such as data driven proactive decision making and assessing larger data sets to further advance preventive quality management and create valuable product and patient insights.

Installed a new data portal to increase access to Quality.

Compliance data sources and improve agility through quality insights, analytical data tools and dashboards across all business segments.

Achieved considerable efficiencies through the automation of manual processes, enabled by IA applications, in combination with data insights and natural language processing solutions.

Developed new digital tools to assist in simplifying and improving the quality of literature, document and report reviews capturing product insights from complaints improving product release cycle time through transparency planning and managing sample and process flows.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from market per total globally manufactured, based on field action removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board, and aligned by Johnson Johnson Enterprise Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and, in certain cases, will cause serious adverse health consequences.

The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Refreshing our Quality Compliance Competency Model: This model prioritizes upskilling our people to prepare them for proactive and capable quality management in a digitally enabled future.

It encourages employees to actively participate in their individual career journey and promotes a culture of continuous and innovative learning.

Johnson Johnson’s Quality Compliance Competency Model has two core categories, nine core competencies and four proficiency levels per competency.

Employees around Johnson Johnson engaged with our Quality Month in multiple in person and virtual events across all our communication channels.

Employees from Janssen India engaged in Quality Month.

From left to right: Mahadev Desai, Shivani Ganesh Nalavade and Saurabh Dole.

Introducing a new quality model for better customer experience: Customer Experience Engineering (CxE) is a new proactive quality model and capability that supports the involvement of our Quality Compliance organization in technical improvements for products and services.

CxE focuses entirely on the experiences of our customers and is led by internal Quality experts who can make a practical contribution to solving product challenges.

With several projects in the pipeline, CxE promises to help transform the experience of patients, physicians and surgeons by enhancing our product and delivery quality with tangible customer outcomes.

For example, in 2022, the Quality Compliance CxE team engaged with the J J MedTech DePuy Synthes team to solve a challenge relating to its PUREVUE Visualization System, which is used for arthroscopic procedures.

When the system’s camera lens began to fog up during procedures, temporarily clouding the visualization of the operating area, the CxE team visited surgeons to witness the issue in real time in operating rooms and contributed to a new design solution that significantly improved the temporary visualization issue.

Digital transformation: Using digital to enable our employees, customers and patients.

Strategy: Leading the way in end to end patient, consumer and customer experiences enabled by a fully integrated digital ecosystem.

Innovation: Innovating through the use of digital tools to enhance customer success.

Learning: Driving learning and engagement beyond Quality Month to build a digitally enabled workforce for the future.

The Quality Compliance Capability Framework, including the Competency Model, developed with wide collaboration across Johnson Johnson, is aligned with our Enterprise approach to learning and development and provides an advanced platform to ensure our employees are developing within the critical capabilities needed most to deliver on our Quality Compliance strategic goals, including strengthening the Quality Compliance talent pipeline.

Judith Boateng and Katherine Buitrago participate in Quality Month from our Raritan, New Jersey site.

At Johnson Johnson, we recognize our fundamental responsibility is to provide patients, consumers and healthcare providers with products that are as effective and safe as possible.

We take an evidence and science based, ethics and values driven approach to medical safety, putting patient and consumer well being first and foremost in our decision making and actions.

The Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO) is a global, functionally independent group of medical and scientific professionals working across Johnson Johnson to guide excellence in product safety and development across our three business segments.

We apply our expertise in safety science, epidemiology and bioethics to inform evidence and science based product decisions that put people first.

OCMO also chairs the Pharmaceutical Development Committee, which reviews product development plans to ensure that our products address unmet needs and benefit the people who will ultimately use them.

Our Healthcare for Women 2025 Goal reflects the growing importance of RWD in improving health outcomes.

Sex as a biologic variable, as women have traditionally been underrepresented in medical research.

Primary contributing publications include the following studies: New Jersey maternal mortality dashboard: an Interactive social determinants of health tool (27 million data points representing female residents) and Sex differences in sequelae from COVID 19 Infection and in long COVID Syndrome: a review (600,000 female participants).

At Johnson Johnson, leading OCMO provides me and our entire team with the opportunity to make a far reaching and lasting contribution to improving patients’ lives by delivering the most advanced methods to assure product safety in our Company and across our industry.

OCMO, in collaboration with many internal and external groups, advanced multiple initiatives to improve medical safety, including innovative RWD methods to generate reliable real world evidence about patient health outcomes across numerous initiatives spanning pharmaceutical products, vaccines, medical devices and Consumer Health products.

Improving access to critical medical devices using RWD: We conducted RWD studies to inform clinical and regulatory safety decision making in two key areas: evaluating the safety of our TFN ADVANCED Proximal Femoral Nailing System compared to other nail implants to treat hip fractures and evaluating the potential risk of cancer and reproductive issues associated with cobalt containing devices.

These studies are important to provide information on the safety and effectiveness of these devices, which provide life changing healthcare for thousands of patients in different parts of the world.

Janssen participated, along with industry experts and regulators, in the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) Expert Working Group on development of the ICH E19 Guideline that aims to support large scale efficacy and safety clinical trials.

Advancing the safety of children: The safety of children has always been a priority for Johnson Johnson in R D and across our OTC medicines.

Treatment for children suffering from active psoriatic arthritis (PsA): OCMO’s Child Health Innovation Leadership Department (CHILD) supported Janssen’s clinical development team in the design and execution of a pediatric safety study to evaluate the safety of a new treatment option for pediatric patients with active PsA.

The generated data, now in our label, supported a much needed treatment option to enable children suffering from PsA to live a fuller life.

Spearheading medication safety and education: Health education programs can help families protect small children from accidental unsupervised ingestion of medicines, a frequent occurrence that often requires emergency treatment.

In 2022, OCMO collaborated with Young Minds Inspired to develop educational resources to teach youth about OTC medicine safety, worked with the nonprofit Safe Kids Worldwide to implement a medication safety program with tools and tips for parents about safe storage and dosing of medicine and continued to advance safe pill storage innovation in collaboration with the CDC PROTECT Initiative and QuickFire Challenge Awardee Gatekeeper Innovation Inc.

The winning QuickFire Challenge concept, which reinvented the traditional pill minder for improved safety, functionality and patient adherence, is anticipated for commercialization in 2023.

We sympathize deeply with patients and their families and appreciate that they are seeking answers.

However, the science and the facts show that their illnesses were not caused by their use of our talcum based products.

For more information, please see factsabouttalc.com.

Talc transition: In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health made the commercial decision to transition to an all cornstarch based baby powder portfolio as part of a larger portfolio assessment.

As a result of this transition, talc based JOHNSON’S Baby Powder will be discontinued globally in 2023.

Promoting maternal health: OCMO supported the advancement of maternal health and maternal health equity in the U.S. through continued guidance to clinical teams in conducting evidence generation activities that include women, as well as pregnant and lactating women, and collective action to close the Black maternal health equity gap.

Through this work, we are accelerating sex disaggregated data, uncovering insights that can improve care and outcomes for women and offering evidence so that pregnant people and their providers can make informed decisions about the safe use of Johnson Johnson products.

Accelerating women centric science by further shifting from sex biased to more sex inclusive science and data to provide treatment and innovation that is specifically tailored for women.

OCMO collaborated with different groups within Johnson Johnson to provide sex differentiated analyses on immunologic, neurologic and other conditions to understand the experiences that men and women have and how altering the approach to treatment might enhance the health of both sexes.

Through our Healthcare for Women Health for Humanity 2025 Goal, we delivered nine publications that provide sex differentiated analyses for long COVID, psoriasis and other conditions.

Advancing pregnancy and lactation science through the.

Johnson Johnson Pregnancy and Lactation Advisory Group (JJ PAL), composed of experts across 14 functions to support the planning of evidence generation activities in pregnant and lactating people.

JJ PAL progressed in several areas in 2022, including nine internal consultations to product teams to help improve designing and interpreting evidence related to safe use of medication during pregnancy or lactation delivering a searchable inventory of global RWD sources for studying medication use during pregnancy and lactation co chairing a National Academy of Science, Engineering, and Medicine Workshop to facilitate inclusion of pregnant and lactating people in clinical research and initiating a survey of pregnant, postpartum and lactating persons in the U.S. to better understand opportunities for increased inclusion of pregnant and lactating people in clinical trials.

Improving maternal health outcomes for Black women through several activities that included initiating an effort to design a care model that reimagines the role of the front office staff as patient connectors, advocates and critical members of the care team initiating an effort to elevate representation of Black people in medical illustrations and continuing to advance multiple pilot projects to investigate the creation of digital tools to help advance maternal healthcare services for Black women and birthing people.

Enhancing the patient voice in clinical studies: We are co leading the Innovative Medicines Initiative PREFER project, a five year project to establish recommendations for industry regulatory authorities and Health Technology Assessment bodies on how and when to use patient preferences on benefits and risks of medicinal products in decision making.

PREFER released a detailed framework and recommendations for industry, regulators and health technology assessment bodies on the assessment and use of patient preferences in medical product decision making.

The PREFER framework received formal qualification from the EMA and the European Network for Health Technology Assessment (EUnetHTA).

The EMA qualification of the PREFER framework is significant because it will enable a more explicit pathway for stakeholders to engage with the EMA on conducting patient focused, structured benefit risk assessments.

It will also help to grow the acceptability of such studies as part of clinical and regulatory decisions around the world.

In 2022, we co authored a new report from the Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) with recommendations to involve patients throughout the lifecycle of medicines.

For Johnson Johnson, trade in counterfeit products is enormously concerning.

Counterfeit healthcare products place people the very people we aim to help at risk of adverse events, serious health problems and potentially death.

Fake medical products undermine confidence in product quality, safety and reliability, which, at Johnson Johnson, are at the center of everything we do.

Ongoing, we continue to deploy holistic brand protection programs to enhance our value chain integrity and to disrupt the illicit supply chain.

We partner internally across functions and also engage widely in an array of national and international trade groups, industry alliances, organizations, law enforcement agencies, educational coalitions and other groups that share our determination to eliminate counterfeiting globally.

We constantly strive to adopt new ways of monitoring and detecting illicit trade through enhanced product security and analytics.

Advanced technologies are critical in addressing the growing sophistication of illicit trade, especially in online marketplaces.

Our 24 7 online monitoring includes more than 780 global marketplaces, 108 dark web locations, 24 social media sites and more than 294,000 unique domains.

We investigate bad actors and seek to stop the flow of illicit trade by sharing relevant information with law enforcement to assist in tracking down and prosecuting those who are endangering patients through illicit trading activities.

Guided by Our Credo, we aim to safeguard patients and our brand reputation against the risks posed by illicit trade, which includes product counterfeiting, tampering and illegal diversion.

Protecting patients and consumers against counterfeit versions of our products is essential in promoting worldwide access to beneficial healthcare and our genuine Johnson Johnson products.

We continue to record our trademarks with customs and border protection agencies to help eliminate illicit versions of our products from crossing borders around the world.

We conduct specialized training for various national and international law enforcement agencies across the globe.

In 2022, we conducted 104 training sessions that led to 24 related seizures of illicit trade shipments in various regions.

During 2022, we continued to reinforce our programs and engage widely across our markets, including with regulatory bodies, to protect our patients by combating fake products and illicit trade.

For example, throughout the first half of 2022, Johnson Johnson was actively involved in an investigation into a counterfeit HIV medication ring and filed suit against a number of distributors and pharmacies who were involved with this scheme.

On June 17, the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) announced the arrest and indictments of two individuals for allegedly distributing more than 230 million in adulterated HIV drugs to unsuspecting patients across the U.S. We continue to engage with the DoJ and law enforcement in ongoing investigations.

J J MedTech’s Ethicon created a compelling educational campaign targeting healthcare facilities to raise awareness about risks of counterfeit medical devices to patients and how to prevent their introduction into the supply chain.

Informational materials were distributed and promoted by Ethicon’s sales force using various channels for example, Ethicon presented information about how the illegal gray market is a conduit to counterfeit products to 1,300 attendees at the American Society for Healthcare Risk Management (ASHRM) 2022 Annual Conference.

This was the first time this topic had ever been presented at ASHRM to an influential audience of healthcare risk professionals, and we hope this will lead to further engagement and collaboration to combat illicit trade.

We believe in maintaining a proactive information security strategy to protect information assets against deliberate or inadvertent threats to safeguard our business.

Ensuring availability of critical systems and preventing unintended or unauthorized access to business and personal information is foundational to our business continuity and the people who rely on Johnson Johnson each day.

Similarly, Johnson Johnson is committed to data privacy and ensuring that protecting personal information is integral to our core way of operating.

In addition to our Code of Business Conduct and compliance with the laws that apply to our operating companies’ handling of personal information, we maintain robust data privacy controls to protect the personal information of our employees, customers, partners and all those who entrust their information to us.

The complex patchwork of compliance obligations and active regulatory enforcement in many international markets imposes greater demands on data protection and cyber professionals to design the right type of governance models and solutions to ensure that Johnson Johnson can compliantly pursue its data related initiatives across the globe.

Enhancing protection against cyber risk in critical pharmaceutical research: We improved the cyber posture of multiple Pharmaceutical R D sites, deploying additional cyber capabilities to protect both systems and data.

These actions improved the protection of Company IP and the resilience of our R D environments in meeting the needs of our healthcare partners and patients, reduced the potential for R D to be negatively affected by a cyber event and increased the protection of Company IP.

New capabilities included technology implementations in research and laboratory environments to provide increased visibility to the security posture of R D systems and detection of potential cyber threats.

Expanding cyber capabilities: Through both investments in new capabilities and strategic partnerships, we improved the security of company products, data and systems.

Our initiatives included a strategic investment in technology from an industry leading security provider to enhance the security of our medical device product suite, the deployment of new capabilities supporting continued adoption of zero trust principles for increased cyber protection of both the Company and our customers and deployment of advanced AI supported tools to better detect and block security threats.

Protecting personal information: We continued our commitment to protecting personal information of our consumers, clinical research participants and employees, expanding our efforts to ensure compliance with growing legal and regulatory data protection requirements that broaden the protection of individual data subject rights.

At the same time, we continued to participate in industry associations and external forums to help shape new regulations under review on cross border data flows, data localization and other healthcare initiatives in the privacy and cybersecurity space.

We also supported data science and digital initiatives, including defining standards for anonymization, pseudonymization and de identification, to increase our ability to compliantly leverage data insights and promote digital health solutions in our sectors.

We made progress on various key privacy processes designed to consistently support the rights of consumers and patients for the management of their personal data and delivered privacy support to ensure successful completion of major deals.

Reinforcing our cybersecurity and privacy frameworks: To ensure continuous evaluation and enhancement of the Johnson Johnson cybersecurity program, we periodically undertake program maturity assessments and pursue security certifications.

By way of example, in 2022, we engaged an independent third party to conduct a maturity assessment against the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, providing a current view of program maturity and areas for continued improvement.

We also obtained ISO 27001 certification for the environment supporting the Johnson Johnson CAR T immunotherapy offering in EMEA, extending the number of certifications we hold for a range of Company products.

In parallel, we monitor the introduction of new standards such as ISO 31700 covering Privacy by Design, which was released in early 2023, to evaluate the requirements and technical controls needed for the certification process.

Enhancing cyber awareness: Through 2022, we offered our employees around the globe various opportunities to improve their cyber awareness and learn more about smart cyber practices in innovative ways.

One example is our CyberEscape online escape rooms, which attracted hundreds of employees who worked in teams to solve a series of basic cyber challenges and puzzles in different escape room scenarios, raising their cybersecurity knowledge.

Additionally, alongside our ongoing information security and privacy training for all employees, in 2022, we expanded our Johnson Johnson PhishSmarts phishing simulation program.

This program provides quarterly simulated phishing emails and follow up to help employees better detect real phishing attempts and defend against phishing email threats, which pose a potential risk to our organization.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Three generations of women in STEM share their knowledge and experiences on how to inspire more girls to pursue careers in science and technology, reduce existing barriers and increase the number of female role models in these industries.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

The 2021 2022 cumulative number reflects this update.

This number does not always reflect donations by regional Johnson Johnson operating companies to local partners.

Ensures our first responsibility is to the patients, doctors and nurses, mothers and fathers, and all others who use our products and services.

Provides an inclusive work environment where each employee is considered as an individual.

Acts responsibly to the communities in which we live and work and the world community as well.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies, and individuals on long term disability are excluded.

Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global Employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Fixed term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on fixed term contracts.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Where the value for Declined to answer rounded to zero, we excluded from the reported table.

Other is defined as employees who self reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races.

Due to overlapping spend between categories, Johnson Johnson returned to a consolidated reporting approach for learning and development.

We are working to include training data from additional sources available in future.

Where training durations were not included, we applied estimates based on training type.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record) are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson Johnson employee.

Rate calculation methodology uses both actual and estimated data on miles driven.

We collect Safe Fleet data on employees who drive Company owned or leased and personally owned vehicles for Company business.

Employees in the latter category are those who: 1) drive for Company business as a regular part of their job duties, and 2) receive a car allowance to purchase their own vehicle and or are reimbursed for vehicle expenses such as fuel, maintenance, insurance and other miscellaneous charges associated with vehicle upkeep.

See GHG Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Europe includes Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

North America includes the United States and Canada only.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

This threshold for restatement deviates from the one included in the About This Report section.

We do not currently use purchases, sales or transfers of offsets in our GHG accounting.

Gases covered in these calculations include CO2, CH4, N2O and HFCs.

Perfluorinated chemicals, sulfur hexafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride do not result from our operations.

Electricity emission factors are obtained from the International Energy Agency’s CO2 Emissions from Fuel Combustion Report the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA's) eGRID publication for location based Scope 2 reporting, and supply contracts and residual emission factors, where available, for market based Scope 2 reporting.

Fuel emission factors are obtained from the EPA Climate Leadership publication.

Global Warming Potentials are obtained from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fifth Assessment Report.

The chosen consolidation approach for emissions is operational control.

Where more specific primary data were able to be obtained, they were used in place of the IO calculation methodology.

This value was used to calculate 2022 emissions from Employee Commuting.

Year over year trend may be due to methodology adjustments.

Emissions were calculated using International Energy Agency (IEA) loss factors for electricity and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) WTT emission factors for fuels and electricity.

GHG covered in these calculations include CO2 only for the 2021 calendar year, the most up to date available.

We have identified a level of uncertainty around the reporting boundary, and the reported value is potentially overstated.

Emissions from the Use of Sold Products and the End of Life Treatment of Sold Products were calculated using sales volumes for all Johnson Johnson products combined with lifecycle assessment (LCA) models where sales volumes could be obtained where they could not be obtained, sales revenues and average unit prices were used to estimate volumes.

Due to the size of our product portfolio, LCAs were not performed for every Johnson Johnson product, so products were placed into LCA categories, and a representative product LCA was applied.

Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations.

Avoidance of energy consumption and GHG emissions calculated by comparing energy consumption before project implementation and expected consumption after implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process.

Grey water Other water sources are considered as the Other water’ category.

The decrease in sites with ISO 14001 certifications is driven in part by a decrease in overall Johnson Johnson owned manufacturing and R D sites.

The authorities include regional, national, state country province and local city regulatory agencies.

It does not include fines assessed and or under negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022.

Root cause analysis has been performed as needed and corrective actions have been identified.

Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in countries outside the U.S.

Number of anti counterfeiting best practices trainings delivered to law enforcement agents (Customs, Border Protection, etc.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

U.S. suppliers can be classified as Tier 1 diverse and small business.

The Tier 1 diverse small business overlap is removed to avoid double counting of the spend.

Total Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in the U.S. (billions) counts the spend with each supplier once.

We expect suppliers and potential suppliers to address critical findings immediately.

It should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and Annual Report on Form 10 K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Brand protection awareness is included in both of these mandatory trainings to raise understanding and awareness of illicit trade issues among all employees.

Supplemental brand protection training is also available to stakeholders and is reflected in the number above.

Reported progress against each Health for Humanity 2025 Goal (cumulative 2021 2022) VERMOX (mebendazole) doses donated (millions) (2022) Patients Reached by J J Impact Ventures (JJIV) portfolio companies funds since date of investment (number) (2022 as of 31 December 2022).

Healthcare Professionals (HCPs) Supported by JJIV portfolio companies since date of investment (number) (2022 as of 31 December 2022).

Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in the Report or on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com.

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

J J is responsible for preparing the Report for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the selected information.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J J on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with J J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.

We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than J J for the conclusions we have reached.

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the selected information for the disclosures listed under Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information including review of the reporting principles, boundaries, definitions and internal guidelines for each of the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

A review of external media reporting relating to J J to identify issues in the reporting period that may be relevant to the assurance scope.

Interviews with management representatives and other staff to understand and evaluate the relevant management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected information.

A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the selected information.

A review of the GHG and renewable energy data to confirm consistency with the findings of our separate GHG and renewable energy verification engagement including completeness and consistency.

Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com to ensure consistency with our findings.

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the nature of some of the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals dependence on partner organisations to provide performance information, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions and extrapolations in determining the Selected information.

It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015.

Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work.

Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.

Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes and provides no consultancy related services to Johnson Johnson Inc in any respect.

We have provided J J with a separate management report with our detailed (non material) findings and recommendations.

ERM Certification Verification Services Incorporated ( ERM CVS ) was engaged by Johnson Johnson ( J J ) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below and presented in the J J’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report (the Report ) and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com as set out below.

Whether the 2022 corporate data for the following selected indicators are fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

GHG Emissions Total absolute Scope 1 GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e Total absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location based and market based calculation methods metric tonnes CO2e.

Total offsets applied to reporting year metric tonnes CO2e Net Scope 1 Scope 2 (market based) GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e Absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e for each of the following.

Johnson Johnson’s internal reporting criteria and definitions.

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Energy Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources EU % Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources North America % Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources Global %.

Water Total water withdrawn million m3 Total water consumed million m3 Total water recycled and reused million m3 Total water discharge million m3 Percentage of water withdrawn in regions of high or extremely high baseline water stress %.

Percentage of water consumed in regions of high or extremely high baseline water stress %.

J J is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Report.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J J on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with J J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.

We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than J J for the conclusions we have reached.

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the 2022 data and information for the disclosures listed under Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information.

Virtual interviews with relevant corporate staff to understand internal reporting guidance and processes, including the use of its internal GHG Protocol, internal spreadsheets, and its various internal data management and reporting systems for each of the metrics in scope.

Review of reporting boundary compared to J J’s internal reporting criteria.

An analytical review of the year end data submitted by all locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary.

A review of estimates, extrapolations, and assumptions made in relation to the data for relevant GHG Scope 3 emissions categories.

In person site visits to four sites (Lititz, US Pomezia, Italy.

Schaffhausen, Switzerland Springhouse, US) and virtual visits to four sites (Athens, US Norderstedt, Germany Ringaskiddy, Ireland Xian, China) to review local reporting processes and consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying source data for each indicator.

We interviewed relevant staff, reviewed site data capture and reporting methods, checked calculations and assessed the local internal quality and assurance processes and.

Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.

Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information.

It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015.

Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work.

Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.

Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related services to J J in any respect.

We have reviewed the accompanying management assertion of Johnson Johnson that the sustainability metrics as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 in management’s assertion are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in management’s assertion.

Johnson Johnson’s management is responsible for its assertion and for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics.

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based on our review.

Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT C section 210, Review Engagements.

Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion.

Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed.

We believe that the review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.

The firm applies the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment.

In performing our review, we performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the sustainability metrics, reviewed supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the sustainability metrics on a sample basis, and performed analytical procedures.

The preparation of sustainability metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to Johnson Johnson’s management assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

Management of Johnson Johnson is responsible for the completeness, accuracy, and validity of the sustainability metrics included in the tables below as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the reporting year) for global operations, unless otherwise noted.

The metrics have been rounded to the nearest whole number unless otherwise indicated.

Management asserts that the metrics reported in the tables below, which are also included in the 2022 Health for Humanity Report as identified by the symbol, are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth below.

Management is responsible for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics.

The preparation of the sustainability metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Administrative costs incurred by Johnson Johnson during the contribution process are also included in cash contributions (approximately 3% of the cash contributed).

December 31, 2022, that Johnson Johnson would sell to consumers in the market.

Job category(d)(g)(j) employee working less than 40 hours a week.

Employee is defined as an individual working full time or part time, excluding fixed term employees, interns and co op employees.

Fixed term employees is defined as employees with a contract for a limited period that ends when the specific time period expires, or when the specific task or event that has an attached time estimate is completed.

Fixed term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on fixed term contracts.

Employee data may not include data from more recently acquired companies who are not yet reflected in HRIS (which does not exceed two years from the date of acquisition), and individuals on long term disability are excluded.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record), contractors and subcontractors are also excluded.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from global employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Other is defined as employees who self reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races.

Vice Presidents: Women 41.2% Men 58.0% Declined to answer 0.8% Directors and Managers: Women 49.2% Men 50.6% Declined to answer 0% Professionals: Women 51.5% Men 48.4% Declined to answer: 0.1% (h) New employee hires are external hires with a start date between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 obtained from HRIS.

Management and executive positions(g) (j) Values have been rounded to the nearest tenth.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to 100.0%.

Management positions are defined as paygrade 30 and above.

Executives are defined as employees reporting directly to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based on an organization chart including names and positions as of December 31, 2022. members as of April 2023.

If an employee moves, for example, across both function and country in the same month, it is only counted as one move.

Voluntary turnover (the numerator) excludes employees leaving the company due to retirement or death.

Employees who are not part of the performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric out of four possible dimension ratings).

Employees who are not part of the performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric.

Includes data as of December 31, 2022 and hours worked in the reporting year.

More recently acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of December 31, 2022) are excluded from employee safety metrics.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record) are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson Johnson employee.

Cases from contractor subcontractors (who are not contingent workers) are excluded.

Reported illness injury rates exclude COVID 19 illness cases.

Lost days are calendar days where an employee is unable to work due to illness or injury, beginning the day after an incident has taken place through the last day of leave (excluding holidays and vacations).

Field reports are then summarized into seven reported categories by Johnson Johnson.

Other consists of the following categories: privacy, information security, global security, Environment, Health Safety (EH S), legal regulatory and report follow up.

This occurred for no more than 16% of total recorded inquiries and complaints.

Compliance related allegations can be filed by internal or external parties, and for those allegations that meet the internal escalation criteria, they are logged and categorized by Johnson Johnson management within Johnson Johnson’s sensitive issue case management system and then presented to and investigated through the Johnson Johnson Triage Committee.

Internal escalation criteria includes actual or alleged (i) non compliance with internal Johnson Johnson policies that could result in termination of the employee (ii) expense violations exceeding 1,000 (iii) theft, fraud or misuse of funds exceeding 1,000 (iv) non compliance with laws and regulations, such as anti corruption laws or human trafficking rules (v) governmental non compliance, such as failure to abide by relevant terms of a U.S. government invoice, contract or pricing program, financial conflicts of interest, false or incomplete statements made to the U.S. government (vi) data breach or privacy incidents and (vii) misconduct by members of the senior leadership team.

Healthcare compliance allegations consist of violations of Health Care Compliance guidelines including U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) violations.

Financial allegations consist of asset misappropriation, conflicts of interest and financial statement related.

Environmental non compliances represent instances of non compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or laws that were either (i) self reported to authorities in the reporting year or (ii) identified by authorities and the non compliance occurred in the reporting year.

The authorities include regional, national, state country province, and local city regulatory agencies.

Environmental non compliances and fines paid exclude newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of December 31, 2022).

Fines paid for environmental non compliances include those paid in the reporting year.

It does not include fines assessed and or under negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022.

Certified to ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 means the site has received an external certification that is valid as of December 31, 2022.

The denominator of total manufacturing and research development (R D) sites excludes small R D and manufacturing sites (defined as having less than 50 employees) and newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than three years as of December 31, 2022).

Johnson Johnson conducts the Our Credo Survey biannually to track employee sentiment globally.

Our Credo Survey metric data is collected and stored in a third party platform.

Active employees include Johnson Johnson employees as of December 31, 2022, who completed the 2022 Our Credo Survey, and excludes fixed term, intern, and co op employees, employees on long term disability, contractors, and employees that have been with Johnson Johnson for less than three months.

Favorability rate is calculated by determining the percentage of agree or strongly agree responses out of all responses for all Our Credo Survey questions.

Response types include: strongly disagree, disagree, neither agree or disagree, agree, strongly agree, do not know.

Questions without responses are removed from the numerator and denominator.

A regulatory inspection is defined as an inspection conducted by the health authority to determine compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Health authorities are organizations with authority over the development, manufacture, distribution, placing on the market, and post market surveillance of products.

For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Korean Food and Drug Administration (KFDA), British Standards Institution (BSI), and Health Canada.

The observations identified during the inspection are listed on a form provided by the third party health authority who conducted the inspection.

An FDA inspection is defined as a regulatory inspection performed by the FDA and an observation is defined as the observed condition or practice indicating that an FDA regulated product may be in violation of FDA requirements.

The observations are listed on FDA Form 483 during inspections conducted by the FDA and then provided to the manufacturer following the FDA inspection.

Independent audits are conducted by internal Johnson Johnson Regulatory Compliance auditors at Johnson Johnson sites and external manufacturing sites.

An external manufacturing site is defined as not owned or operated by Johnson Johnson.

Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from the market as a percentage of total lots globally manufactured, based on field action removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board and aligned by Johnson Johnson Enterprise Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and in certain cases will cause serious adverse health consequences.

A lot is defined as a specific quantity of material that has uniform character and quality and was released to market during the 2022 calendar year.

The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Taxes collected are not a direct cost to Johnson Johnson as they represent taxes collected from customers and employees on behalf of governments, which are ultimately remitted to the governments.

These taxes are not reported for the remaining markets that represent approximately 3% of total 3rd party and intercompany sales recorded for the market.

Payroll social insurance taxes collected represent amounts withheld from employees for federal (local country government), state and social contribution taxes, as well as contingent labor taxes collected.

Sales use other taxes collected represent the net value added tax (VAT) (VAT output less VAT input) and sales tax collected.

Total tax contribution is made up of two components: total taxes borne by Johnson Johnson and total taxes collected.

Global nonprofit that promotes the humane treatment of animals in science.

Global nonprofit for environmental impact disclosures.