Our Mission We live our mission of making our world more productive every day.

Through our high quality solutions, technologies and services we are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet.

Our Vision We are committed to fulfilling our vision to be the best performing global industrial gases and engineering company, where our people deliver innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers in a connected world.

GRI References Linde has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.

GRI Standards are referenced throughout and an index is provided on page 116.

Forward Looking Statements This document contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

These forward looking statements are identified by terms and phrases such as: anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, expect, continue, should, could, may, plan, project, predict, will, potential, forecast, and similar expressions.

They are based on management’s reasonable expectations and assumptions as of the date the statements are made but involve risks and uncertainties.

These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: the performance of stock markets generally developments in worldwide and national economies and other international events and circumstances, including trade conflicts and tariffs changes in foreign currencies and in interest rates the cost and availability of electric power, natural gas and other raw materials the ability to achieve price increases to offset cost increases catastrophic events including natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics such as COVID 19 and acts of war and terrorism the ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel the impact of changes in financial accounting standards the impact of changes in pension plan liabilities the impact of tax, environmental, healthcare and other legislation and government regulation in jurisdictions in which the company operates the cost and outcomes of investigations, litigation and regulatory proceedings the impact of potential unusual or non recurring items continued timely development and market acceptance of new products and applications the impact of competitive products and pricing future financial and operating performance of major customers and industries served the impact of information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security and the effectiveness and speed of integrating new acquisitions into the business.

These risks and uncertainties may cause future results or circumstances to differ materially from adjusted projections, estimates or other forward looking statements.

Linde plc assumes no obligation to update or provide revisions to any forward looking statement in response to changing circumstances.

The above listed risks and uncertainties are further described in Item 1A.

Risk Factors in Linde plc’s Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023 which should be reviewed carefully.

Please consider Linde plc’s forward looking statements in light of those risks.

Linde is poised to fulfill our mission of making our world more productive, sustainably, by virtue of our outstanding and dedicated employees, our leading technologies and our commitment to delivering sustainable solutions for the advancement of our customers, our communities and our world.

Sustainability is a fundamental part of what we at Linde do every day, all around the world.

I am proud of the contribution our teams have made to not only reduce our own carbon footprint, but also to accelerate the decarbonization of our customers around the world.

Being a sustainable company means more than looking only at our own operations at Linde we are leading the way to sustainability for our customers, our communities and our planet.

Working together, our teams continue to bring our vision to reality: to be the best performing industrial gases and engineering company in the world.

Last year, we embarked on a new phase of Linde’s journey that is both ambitious and meaningful: reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent in line with our 2035 science based target.

I am pleased that the efforts toward 35 by 35 have already yielded positive results in 2022 with a 2.8 percent absolute reduction in our emissions from our 2021 baseline.

Also in 2022, our products and services enabled our customers to avoid more than 90 million metric tons of equivalent carbon dioxide.

These avoided emissions equivalent to the annual emissions from 20 million passenger cars demonstrate the significant role our products and technologies can play in a climate resilient future.

Over the next several years, we will continue this journey by prioritizing investments in decarbonization and working with our customers and partners to facilitate carbon capture and storage solutions, sourcing more low carbon energy and executing new clean energy projects.

At the same time, we will challenge ourselves to raise the bar on our commitments.

While our teams actively engage in lowering Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, we are also working with suppliers and customers to understand, quantify and ultimately lower Scope 3 emissions.

This work has reached an important milestone, and Linde now stands as one of the small number of companies who publish a full inventory with all relevant Scope 3 categories.

Recently, Linde has also committed itself to set Scope 3 reduction targets in the near future we see this as one additional component of our climate strategy and complementary to our 2050 climate neutrality ambition.

We continue to practice responsible stewardship of natural resources.

Doing so not only benefits our operational efficiency, but also positively impacts the communities in which we operate.

For example, productivity efforts in 2022 saved more than 400 million gallons of water.

We have concerted efforts in water management in geographies where water scarcity is a great concern, and we are well on the way to reaching our goal of water management planning at 100 percent of Linde’s sites in areas of high water stress, with relatively high withdrawal.

Currently, nearly half of such sites already have Water Management Plans in place.

I am proud of the passion that is represented by our 65,000 colleagues around the world.

In 2022, our employees delivered nearly 500 local community engagement projects and helped to divert more than 225 million pounds of waste from landfill.

Our employees also helped to direct much of Linde’s charitable donations toward areas including STEM education, social justice and environmental conservation.

Altogether, such initiatives complement our business and foster societal and environmental resilience.

They help make our communities stronger for the long term.

During the year, Linde’s sustainable development program was again validated by respected third party stakeholders.

In 2022, we were named a constituent of DJSI World for the 20th consecutive year.

CDP named Linde to the A List for both Climate Change and Water Security, and Ethisphere listed us among The World’s Most Ethical Companies.

Linde has been included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for six consecutive years.

This is recognition of how we are demonstrating our core value of Inclusion and investing in our people.

Our leadership is committed to a diverse, inclusive, global talent pipeline where everyone can make an impact and where each person is respected.

This is seen in the strides we are making towards early achievement of our goal for 30 percent representation of women in our workforce by 2030.

It is with great pride that I tell you of the impact our teams are already making.

Linde is poised to fulfill our mission of making our world more productive, sustainably, by virtue of our outstanding and dedicated employees, our leading technologies and our commitment to delivering sustainable solutions for the advancement of our customers, our communities and our world.

Every day, Linde team members around the world are helping to make a positive social and environmental impact in our communities, for our customers and within our own operations.

Dear Stakeholder, It is with excitement that we share this report with you, detailing the progress made by our colleagues around the world.

Sustainability is rooted in progress and this report captures the great strides we have made against all of our targets including, for the first time, Linde’s 35 by 35 absolute GHG reduction goal.

We also continue to evolve our Scope 3 management by disclosing estimates for a full inventory of Scope 3 categories.

The report coincides with the release of our Climate Transition Plan, another key milestone for Linde.

This year we mark two additional important milestones in our commitment to transparency, relevance and data quality.

First, for more than a decade, we have obtained external assurance of certain key performance indicators.

We continue to expand the scope of this audit, including additional environmental and social indicators.

Secondly, this year our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been verified at a level of reasonable assurance.

Our 2022 report has also been prepared in accordance with the latest Global Reporting Initiative Universal Standards.

The data in our disclosures tells an important part of the story, yet, our employees fill in the remainder with the vibrancy of their efforts.

Whether engaging on water stewardship, supporting our diversity efforts in the supply chain, or helping to protect the most vulnerable, these efforts, which are spotlighted in this report, demonstrate how we can make an impact.

Over the course of the last year, our Executive Leadership Team, Investor Relations and I have enjoyed many conversations with customers, investors, employees and community members.

This report is one additional opportunity to engage with you as we progress toward 2028, 2035, 2050 and beyond.

Our potential for long term sustainability of these efforts is even greater due to stakeholder collaboration as well as our participation in the United Nations Global Compact and other global initiatives, and I thank you for your continued support.

A global corporation with a presence in more than 80 countries Supported 65,010 employees globally with personnel expenses totaling 5.7 billion in 2022, including salaries, benefits, Social Security contributions and pensions, and share based compensation.

Committed to Diversity and Inclusion 28 percent female employees worldwide (28 percent female professional employees worldwide) Trained approximately 1,200 leaders to date on unconscious bias Consistently listed on major Diversity and Inclusion indices.

Commitment to Safety: Approximately 5 million hours of safety training delivered in 2022 to employees and contractors Achieved Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR) more than 4X better than the U.S. Occupational Health and.

Shareholder focus Consistently delivered our commitments.

Customer centric, disciplined operations Adjusted after tax return on capital : 22.9 percent Industry leading sale of gas project backlog of  5.7 billion.

Local business model Linde manufactures and distributes nearly all its products and manages 2 million industrial customers on a regional basis.

Supplied liquid hydrogen to the world's first hydrogen powered ferry for cars and passengers in Norway.

Conducted first ever commercial scale trial for low carbon steel heating with hydrogen, which enables substantial reductions in carbon emissions.

Delivered 54 percent of revenue from applications that bring environmental and social benefits Demonstrated electrolysis expertise: currently building world's largest PEM electrolyzer (24 megawatts).

Resource productivity Delivered productivity in line with business strategic objectives.

Realized 215 million savings from sustainable productivity, including avoiding an estimated 400 million gallons of water usage and 1,000,000 MT CO e.

Enabled 90 million MT CO e to be avoided by customers from five of Linde s key technologies.

Risk based Water Management Enabled more than 230 million people to have access to safe drinking water through gases used for water treatment and desalination.

Commitment to Ethics and Integrity Maintained strong compliance culture through Code of Business Integrity, which has been implemented globally.

Healthcare business Provided crucial support to hospitals and healthcare facilities during the COVID 19 pandemic and cared for 225,000 COVID 19 patients at home in the U.S. through Lincare's respiratory care services.

The icons on this page refer to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Adjusted after tax return on capital is a non GAAP measure.

For definition and reconciliation, please see Appendix to the Investor Teleconference Presentation Fourth Quarter 2022.

Linde's Sustainable Development Report (SDR) demonstrates how we deliver on our mission of making our world more productive sustainably.

We live our mission every day by providing high quality solutions, technologies and services that are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet.

Our vision is to be the best performing global industrial gases and engineering company, where our people deliver innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers in a connected world.

Linde’s values are Safety, Integrity, Community, Inclusion and Accountability.

Responsible corporate governance is a key prerequisite for Linde’s business success.

This means ensuring compliance with the law, rules and regulations and voluntary commitments.

Linde strives continuously to achieve its goals ethically and with the highest integrity.

Interaction between management, employees and Linde’s business partners is expected to be transparent and respectful, consistent with our Code of Business Integrity (CBI).

Linde’s governance of ethics and integrity is described in the management approach section for Material Economic Aspects, page 47.

Linde is a leading global industrial gases and engineering company with 2022 sales of 33 billion.

All amounts are shown in U.S. dollars ( ), unless stated otherwise.

The company employs more than 65,000 people globally and serves a diverse group of industries in more than 80 countries.

Approximately 86 percent of Linde’s 2022 sales were generated from industrial gases operations in three geographic segments Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific (APAC).

The remaining 14 percent is related primarily to the Engineering segment, and to a lesser extent, Other operating segments.

Linde’s business model is to transform air and other process gases into applications that, in many cases, help customers become more energy and resource efficient or provide social benefits.

Linde’s industrial gas processes transform natural resources into environmental and social value and impact see the Business Model table, pages 12 and 13.

Principal business operations are to make atmospheric gases from raw materials in the air, electricity, and process gases, mainly hydrogen, from natural gas or industry byproducts, together with steam.

The outputs of these processes, or our product applications, serve multiple end markets.

More than two thirds of sales are underpinned by fixed fees or resilient end markets (e.g., healthcare, food and beverage, electronics), as well as portions of sales to chemicals and energy, metals and manufacturing, which provide some protection from market swings.

Many of Linde's applications bring environmental, economic and social benefits to our customers, communities and the planet.

Our sustainability portfolio applications are shown in the Outputs rows, by end market.

The benefits that they enable are shown in the Outcomes rows, by gas.

For example, Linde’s oxygen helps steelmakers save energy, allows sustainable aquaculture to thrive and serves hundreds of thousands of patients needing medical oxygen.

Its hydrogen helps oil refiners to make ultra low sulfur diesel (ULSD), which helps improve air quality, thereby improving the environment and human health.

Linde's high performance surface coatings help improve energy efficiency in jet engines and machine turbines.

These outcomes deliver multiple longer term impacts and sustainable business value.

For more information about the company’s business model and products and services, visit http: www.linde.com .

Linde’s business model creates additional enduring value that amplifies our mission of making our world more productive and how we do so sustainably.

The Business Model table shows a range of Linde’s inputs and activities, and the output and outcomes of these beyond those described in our Business Model table.

For example, Linde values the safety of its employees and contractors and invested approximately 5 million hours of safety training in 2022.

One outcome of this effort is that Linde’s safety record is several times better than industry benchmarks, which gives us confidence that our employees and contractors return home safely at the end of their day.

Linde’s products contribute positively to the health and wellbeing of our customers.

Home care and hospital patients worldwide benefit from our medical gases, devices, services and therapies, especially in respiratory care.

For example, during the COVID 19 pandemic, Linde medical oxygen was crucial to healthcare responders and their patients in many countries.

In the United States, Lincare is a leading provider of home respiratory therapy products and services.

Linde gases also plays an important role in tackling the global challenge of access to clean water.

An ever growing population and industrial activity, along with stringent environmental regulations, puts additional pressure on wastewater treatment plants across the globe to treat increasing volumes of wastewater adding oxygen effectively increases plant capacity.

As access to drinking water becomes more scarce, the market for desalination has expanded, particularly in drought susceptible areas.

Carbon dioxide, which is often sourced from industry byproducts, can be used in the re mineralization step as a safer alternative to mineral acids.

In Australia and other areas, for example, Linde carbon dioxide helps desalinate water used for municipal water supplies.

In 2022, Linde gases enabled more than 230 million people to have access to safe drinking water, more than half of whom were in APAC (approximately 130 million people).

The long term impact of these activities is difficult to measure or attribute directly to one company.

However, we can demonstrate how they contribute to the 17 global United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) introduced by the UN to eradicate poverty, protect the planet and guarantee prosperity for all by 2030.

The icons in the table on page 9 show the SDGs most relevant to Linde, which are referenced in Linde’s Sustainable Development targets.

There are many examples of how Linde's activities contribute towards the SDGs, including efforts to further SDG 12: Responsible Production and Consumption.

SDG 12.2 is By 2030, achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources.

Linde's broad range of resource intensity targets address this issue.

The company also takes direct action on SDG 12.6: Encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to adopt sustainable practices and to integrate sustainability information into their reporting cycle.

In the table, we can observe, for example, how Linde contributes to SDG 7.2: Increase the share of renewable energy by 2030.

Linde will actively contribute to this target by doubling the purchase of low carbon energy by 2028.

Please refer to page 28 for more details on this target.

This chart provides some examples of the applications and benefits from some of Linde's products.

Managing environmental and safety aspects through the product life cycle from raw materials sourcing and supplier engagement to operations, distribution and customer use.

Linde supports the Precautionary Principle as defined in Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration: In order to protect the environment, the precautionary approach shall be widely applied by States according to their capabilities.

Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost effective measures to prevent environmental degradation.

Linde's CBI and corporate policies are provided on its website at: https: www.linde.com.

Linde's CBI makes clear its commitment to values such as ethics, integrity, fairness, diversity, compliance and human rights.

Linde's CBI and Human Rights Policy also confirm that Linde abides by the principles of the International Bill of Human Rights enacted by the United Nations and does not condone or engage in discrimination harassment violations of privacy, slavery or servitude restrictions on free assembly or unfair employment practices.

Linde commits to adhering to these human rights principles and expects similar standards to be observed by all with whom it conducts business.

Linde’s Human Rights Policy is provided on the company's website at: https: www.linde.com sustainable development policies and position statements human rights policy.

Linde's global environment, health, safety and security program conforms to the Responsible Care Management System (RCMS ) requirements, as verified by a third party.

Management is committed to the new Responsible Care Global Charter and its Six Elements, and to the Responsible Care Guiding Principles that are stated in Linde's Commitment to Stakeholders.

Both are provided on the company's website at: https: www.linde.com about linde safety.

Entities Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements See 2022 Annual Report (10 K) for consolidated financial statements.

Linde’s annual Sustainable Development Report provides additional quantitative and qualitative non financial information the company believes to be relevant to stakeholders and key to driving long term sustainable results and disclosures based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards.

In the sustainability reporting ecosystem, the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards are one of several key frameworks and standards for voluntary disclosure.

They are designed to provide sustainability information of relevance to a broad range of stakeholders, such as employees and potential employees, communities, customers, suppliers, regulators and the general public.

Linde is also aligned with other reporting frameworks see the Reporting Frameworks Applied section.

This report scope is for the full Linde plc organization and for the calendar year 2022.

Information is also provided from entities where Linde is the majority shareholder (more than 50 percent) and certain other joint ventures (JVs).

It excludes data from entities where Linde has a minority interest.

Principles for Defining Report Content and Quality Consistent with the GRI Standards and to define the content and the quality of data and narrative in this report, the company followed the principles of being context driven, inclusive, material, responsive and complete, and had data externally assured in Priority Factor (PF) areas.

Data Consolidation and Reporting Various databases are managed across Linde to aggregate data.

Data is collected from the businesses and other corporate functions, including Safety, Health, Environment Quality (SHEQ), Human Resources (HR), Finance, Operations, Center of Excellence (COE), which includes Productivity, Procurement, Research Development (R D), Sales, Sustainable Development and the Global Giving Program.

Consolidated information is housed in various corporate databases.

Linde uses a licensed global sustainability reporting software program to integrate data reporting for sustainable development.

Performance data is reported against the Linde Sustainable Development 2028 (SD 2028) targets to a management team.

See introductions to respective chapters for management discussion and analysis (MD A) for economic, environmental and social topics.

GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI SRSs): Linde has reported in accordance with the GRI standards for the period January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022.

For the Content Index Essentials Service, GRI Services reviewed that the GRI content index is clearly presented, in a manner consistent with the Standards, and that the references for disclosures 2 1 to 2 5, 3 1 and 3 2 are aligned with the appropriate sections in the body of the report.

See the Content Index at the end of this report for material topics.

The Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework was used to ensure that disclosures about climate change are linked to information about financial performance in mainstream financial reports.

See Linde TCFD Index at: https: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center.

The International Integrated Reporting Framework provides a framework for investors and other stakeholders to gain greater insight into the medium and long term sustainability of a company.

It proposes that a company should report how it manages all its six capital flows: financial capital as well as human, intellectual, manufactured, natural, and social and relationship (sometimes referred to collectively as social capital ), and the connectivity between them.

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standard for the Chemicals Sector (Version 2018 10): This provides sector standards and KPIs that are considered materially relevant to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) investors.

See Linde SASB Index at: https: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center.

Reporting Pro Forma 2018 and Reporting of Numbers for Linde’s SD 2028 Targets Data is reported consistent with Linde’s 2021 Sustainable Development Report and utilizes pro forma information, as previously reported.

Pro forma definition: Pro forma means a calculated number or result that is not related to the official financial boundaries, reporting scope or period.

A pro forma number serves as an indicator of what the result of a newly merged company would theoretically look like if the new company had reported for the complete year and applied new company reporting boundaries and methodologies.

As an example, actual financial reporting for 2018 was based on a full year of Linde Inc. (formerly named Praxair, Inc.) results plus two months of Linde GmbH (previously Linde AG), as the merger legally took place at the end of October 2018.

The 2018 pro forma result, in contrast, reflects the estimated 2018 calendar year.

Divestments and Business Changes For information on the sale of the GIST business, please see the Annual Report, Note 2.

For information on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiaries, please see the Annual Report, Note 3.

Linde’s ambitious Sustainable Development 2028 (SD 2028) targets are our road map and plan for the next several years.

The targets are organized in four categories, or Priority Factors (PFs), that we consider relevant to the company and its internal and external stakeholders: Climate Change Safety, Health Environment People Community and Integrity Compliance.

Within the four PFs are 10 subset areas covering 20 targets.

The Climate Change targets span Linde’s full value chain, from pre investment and R D to operations, customers and growth strategy.

These are discussed in the Climate Change section.

Our PF for Safety, Health Environment is supported by targets for personnel safety, distribution safety and product safety, and in the environment area, for sustainable productivity, water and waste.

The People Community PF has targets for diversity and inclusion, community engagement and global giving.

In the Integrity Compliance category, the company targets 100 percent of employees and contractors certified in our code of ethics and compliance.

Commencing in 2018, they are 10 year targets that set a long term strategy for sustainable development at Linde.

They are consistent with Linde’s business model, its mission and values, and the strategic business objectives named by the Board as a basis for variable compensation.

Linde’s businesses and functions are accountable to deliver these targets.

They are embedded into our businesses and operations.

Each target is a business KPI and managed as part of the business.

The targets were developed with reference to external expectations.

These include ESG investors, who look for non financial information as the basis to make better informed investor decisions, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).

They were also developed with stakeholders interested in understanding Linde’s impacts within the context of global needs and planetary boundaries (such as described by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and the UN SDGs).

Climate Change Safety, Health Environment People Community Integrity Compliance.

Importance to Linde Importance to Linde targets contribute to several SDGs, as shown in the table on value creation on page 9, and in the Targets table.

Linde publishes indexes that show how its SD strategy and targets align with the GRI Standards, TCFD and SASB and an ESG Report Summary for Investors.

For more information, please visit: https: www.linde.

As part of its continuous improvement process, Linde conducts a condensed Sustainable Development Materiality Assessment (SDMA) each year to confirm alignment and consider adjustments and improvements.

The SDMA will be repeated after 5 years to confirm that the key issues remain relevant.

The full SDMA process is described on our website at: https: www.linde.

Beyond SD 2028 Supplementing the comprehensive SD 2028 targets are our latest climate change commitments, Linde's 35 by 35 plan and 2050 climate neutrality ambition.

See more on these new parts of our climate strategy and their progress on page 19.

GHG Reduction: Achieve 35 percent intensity reduction in GHG vs.

Improve energy GHG intensity 4 percent for HyCO GHG 7 percent for ASU energy 10 percent for distribution fleet.

Contribute 50 percent annual sales from Sustainability Portfolio.

Achieve annual operational safety better than industry levels.

Achieve 1.3 billion slurries that contain hexavalent chrome by 2029 (surface coatings).

Achieve 30 percent representation of women globally by 2030.

Confirm 100 percent annual certification to Linde's Code of Business Integrity.

See Performance Towards Targets for definitions of scope and boundary of each target.

All targets run 2018 2028 except where otherwise noted.

The effects of climate change are increasingly visible on the environment, society and the global economy.

Climate change is not a distant threat it is happening now.

Linde has the technology, resources and people to help address climate change.

For more than 100 years, we have been providing solutions to help solve global energy challenges.

Our company’s mission of making our world more productive is fully aligned with the goals of addressing the global challenges of sustainable energy and climate change.

Through our high quality solutions, products, technologies and services, we are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet.

Linde is in the business of resource transformation.

Our business and production processes are therefore energy intensive, making the cost and availability of energy important for Linde.

Linde's total carbon footprint in 2022 was about 38.8 million tons of CO e, where 43 percent stems from direct carbon dioxide emissions, mostly from our hydrogen plants, and 57 percent from indirect emissions from our electricity consumption, mostly from air separation.

This energy use, in turn, delivers innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers.

In many cases, these solutions improve the productivity, energy use and GHG emissions for our customers or end users.

In fact, we calculate that in 2022, Linde gases, principally oxygen and hydrogen, enabled our customers to avoid 90 million metric tons of CO e, which is more than twice as much GHG avoided than emitted from all our operations.

As the electric grid decarbonizes by using more low carbon and renewable sources, Linde’s indirect GHG emissions will decrease.

Linde’s business proposition is that it is more reliable and more energy efficient for our customers to outsource the production of industrial gases than to insource.

Linde’s energy efficiency is world class, and we continue to improve it each year, which leads to financial savings as well as reductions in energy and GHG emissions.

Many of Linde’s cryogenic air separation (ASU) plants are designed to include buffer inventories to retain reliable supply in case of power failure.

This has allowed Linde to participate in demand response programs.

In periods of peak energy demand, Linde can interrupt its grid power use and effectively reduce grid electric load (by the equivalent of 40,000 homes from a single location).

Linde’s design investment can provide ancillary service for grid operators to maintain reliable electric power service as wind and solar energy become a greater part of our resource mix.

Forty three percent of all Linde electricity (18 TWh) is currently sourced from low carbon and renewable power.

Linde electricity use in the UK is almost all renewable using wind and almost all renewable in Brazil using hydroelectric.

Low carbon and renewable electricity is also sourced in the United States, where both hydro and nuclear power are used, as well as in Colombia, India, Spain, the Philippines and other geographies.

Hydrogen is a key enabler of the clean energy transition.

It is a versatile, clean and safe energy carrier that can be used as fuel for power or in the industry as feedstock.

At the point of use, it produces zero emissions, and it can be stored and transported at high energy density in liquid or gaseous form.

It can be combusted or used in fuel cells to generate heat and electricity.

Conventional processes are dominant today in refining, chemical production and other manufacturing processes (steel, electronics and other applications).

R D and emerging technologies are starting to change the landscape, but hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (HFCVs) are not yet widely adopted, green fuels and materials are still at pilot stages and hydrogen for energy storage is still in the development stage.

Most hydrogen is primarily produced by steam methane reforming (SMR) using natural gas, or recovered as a byproduct from other industrial processes.

Linde also produces hydrogen using auto thermal reforming (ATR) process, and water electrolysis is emerging as an effective low carbon source of hydrogen production.

Currently, SMRs remain the dominant technology to produce hydrogen on a large scale.

Linde is a company in the business of resource transformation in a world that is dealing with climate change.

Below are our 2022 actual results as reported by Linde plc entities.

We demonstrate that a subset of Linde applications allow our customers or their end users to avoid more than twice the GHG emissions of all Linde operations.

In 2022, total GHG emissions were 38.8 million MT CO e, versus 90 million MT CO2e avoided by our customers or end users, based upon several applications as shown below.

Again in 2022, a subset of Linde applications enabled more than twice the GHG benefit than was emitted in all global operations 2.3x more.

Values are based on 2022 reported and consolidated results from Linde plc subsidiaries following Linde plc reporting standards.

The next three decades will represent a period of great activity for the world and the quest to address climate change.

Our strategy includes three milestones, 2028, 2035, and 2050.

That strategy is based upon a vision of the evolution across the world during this period.

Our assumptions for this time horizon are that industrial level decarbonization continues to accelerate.

New technologies will be piloted and demonstrated.

Green fuels and materials will be scaling, and the feasibility for hydrogen usage as an agent of decarbonization in multiple applications will be growing.

SMRs will continue to be used for most large scale hydrogen production.

They will become more efficient, and many will incorporate carbon capture and or use feedstocks and power from renewable sources.

Electrolysis for green hydrogen production from renewable power will be available at capacities greater than 100 MW.

Linde's six climate change targets through 2028 (with a 2018 baseline) follow the full value chain from investment to customer and environmental benefits and support our ultimate 2035 absolute GHG reduction goal.

They are consistent with Linde’s mission and are critical to continuing the company's sustainability leadership.

These are management targets our businesses are accountable for achieving them.

Linde will invest more than 1 billion in decarbonization initiatives and triple the amount of clean hydrogen production.

The company is investing across the hydrogen value chain to accelerate the clean energy transition with a higher global renewable power mix and significant operating and capital efficiencies.

We will pursue competitive low carbon sources of hydrogen, including energy efficient SMRs and ATRs with carbon capture, electrolysis with renewable power, and pilot new low carbon technologies.

Key projects include advanced thermal barrier coatings and advanced sealing technologies improving global plant efficiency, energy optimization, logistics and operations optimization and flexible operations to support demand side management and allow for higher utilization of renewably produced electrical power.

It also includes the development of alternative gas separation technologies to allow alternative process concepts with higher efficiency and a lower carbon footprint.

In the steel industry, projects include the decarbonization of the integrated mill, heat recovery, direct reduced iron technologies and electrochemistry initiatives.

Not all barriers to decarbonization can be overcome in the short term.

However, we will continue to invest in optimizing operational efficiency to meet our commitment to substantially increase our focus on low carbon and renewable energy to continue reducing carbon emissions.

The SD 2028 target of 35 percent improvement in Linde GHG intensity 2018 2028 is measured against adjusted EBITDA .

This target was initially chosen to show efficiency against a business denominator.

EBITDA is one of the non GAAP measures reported by Linde plc.

Achieving this target will depend on a range of external variables that are not in our control, from global economic trends to government regulations to currency fluctuations.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions (in million MT) divided by adjusted EBITDA in billion USD.

Calculation for 2018 uses adjusted pro forma EBITDA.

For definition and reconciliation, please see Appendix to the Investor Teleconference Presentation Fourth Quarter 2022.

In 2022, Linde reduced its GHG intensity by 33 percent from the baseline year see Performance Towards Targets.

In relation to Scope 1 or direct GHG emissions, we target improving Scope 1 GHG intensity for hydrogen plants (HyCOs) (4 percent improvement within the target horizon) and our distribution vehicles (10 percent) and reducing our absolute GHG emissions from other sources (e.g., refrigerant filling losses, nitrous oxide N O emissions) by 10 percent.

In relation to Scope 2 or indirect GHG emissions, Linde aims to improve its operational efficiency and GHG intensity at ASU plants (7 percent within the target horizon).

Linde's largest medium term opportunity to affect its GHG footprint is in Scope 2 electricity.

We continue to leverage our scale and geographic distribution to procure reliable and affordable sources of renewable electricity through active procurement of new direct renewable energy contracts, Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) or Renewable Energy Credits (RECs).

Hold Scope 2 GHG emissions flat or reduced at the same time as we substantially increase our power use.

Overall, renewable energy and low carbon energy sources are projected to increase from 35 percent to more than 50 percent (all power).

Development of blue and or green hydrogen projects.

We have implemented several additional measures to help us better manage our carbon footprint, achieve our long term targets, and assess the long term risks of climate change.

Linde's Clean Energy organization was launched to focus and accelerate activity in this area.

The GHG emissions from new investments are calculated and integrated into considerations in Capital Investment Committee decisions for every project.

They are then considered in the selection of the technology solution and project risks across the project development cycle.

To help mitigate potential physical risks from climate change, Linde has developed a tool to explore future climate change scenarios that could impose additional operational costs on production processes from factors like higher ambient temperature or air quality deterioration higher carbon dioxide parts per million (PPMs) in the atmosphere at our locations.

Impacts and mitigations are considered as part of periodic business reviews.

In 2028, the target horizon for our 10 year managed climate objectives will end.

Linde has recognized the degree of its stakeholders' interest in climate change and the importance of impact globally.

The company responded in 2021: Teams assessed then current targets and began working on more aggressive goals, as well as the plans to achieve.

Linde was also part of the first SBT Chemicals Stakeholder Advisory Group, which is the working group that is developing guidance for the chemicals sector.

As our latest climate commitment demonstrates, we are active in advancing the world towards ambitious GHG reduction in the chemical industry using scenario analysis (utilizing Sustainable Development Scenario).

We can envision a future where hydrogen fuel cells will be widely adopted green electricity will be available commercially and energy and fuel markets will be linked.

Low carbon hydrogen will be cost competitive SMRs will feature additional energy efficiency and CCS and electrolysis will be available with renewable electricity sources at much greater capacities and will supply a significant share of new hydrogen demand.

By 2035, we expect that hydrogen derivatives will become the new energy vector and an essential means to transport low cost renewable power around the world.

Achieving this objective will require changes in economic and societal behaviors, government regulation, industry engagement and technology development.

Linde will continue to participate in the investments and technologies that will reduce global GHG emissions.

Execution of CCS projects at some of Linde's largest SMRs that will, with other efficiency efforts, reduce Scope 1 emissions.

The world is at the beginning of an energy transformation, and Linde’s climate neutrality ambition demonstrates our long term commitment as an active contributor to the transformation.

Our vision for 2050 includes widespread availability of renewable and low carbon energy and alternative technologies for production and distribution.

Linde s 2050 climate neutrality ambition is based upon IEA’s scenario analysis, as described in its latest 2020 ETP paper.

This well below 2 degrees Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) recognized that the chemical sector as a whole is one that is hard to abate and projects the GHG trajectory for this industry as declining after 2030, reaching net zero after 2070.

Linde’s trajectory foresees a much earlier decline in absolute emissions, reaching climate neutrality by 2050.

Analysis shows that this trajectory equates to an average decline of 4 percent of emissions per year, as compared to business as usual emissions.

Therefore, Linde considers its 2050 net zero goal to be in line with the global goal to limit warming to 1.5 degrees.

Tackling climate change is a shared and global responsibility.

The long term effects of carbon based fuels on the environment and climate require significant changes to the energy supply chain, regulations and society.

Linde is poised to contribute across all aspects of managing climate change and reducing GHG emissions.

Linde is advancing a number of clean energy activities aligned with our strategy to decarbonize our own operations, to help customers decarbonize their operations, and to address new market needs.

First, Linde will decarbonize its existing asset base through the sequestration of CO emissions generated from its own hydrogen production.

This will simultaneously increase the supply of blue hydrogen into the company’s network while reducing Scope 1 emissions in line with our sustainability goals.

Second, Linde will help enable its customers to decarbonize their processes through fuel switching, from existing fossil fuels to low carbon intensity hydrogen in their refineries, crackers or furnaces.

The company can also capture and sequester carbon emissions from customers currently connected to its pipeline network, especially in the U.S. Gulf Coast.

The third category of new markets represents greenfield opportunities that are starting to materialize, such as clean ammonia, sustainable aviation fuels and hydrogen for mobility.

Hydrogen is a cornerstone of the company’s clean energy strategy.

As one of the world’s leading industrial gases and engineering companies, Linde covers the full spectrum of the hydrogen value chain.

Linde produces gray, blue and green hydrogen from a range of feedstocks and natural resources.

Once produced, the company removes impurities, separates carbon dioxide (CO ) and completes the process through compression and or cryogenic liquefaction.

The company has the technologies and equipment to efficiently transport both gaseous and liquid hydrogen to its destination or to store it until needed.

Based on Linde’s pipeline of more than 200 project opportunities, Linde anticipates that it could make investment decisions in clean hydrogen to exceed 50 billion over the next decade.

In addition, the company expects to invest more than 3 billion decarbonizing its own assets, several of which are located in the U.S. Gulf Coast.

As of the end of 2022, Linde’s backlog for decarbonization projects stood at nearly 2 billion.

Many of these new opportunities are in the United States, where the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act is accelerating the clean energy transition through the introduction of tax credits.

Awarded funding from California’s Energy Commission for the first of several planned 5MW PEM electrolyzers at the Ontario facility.

Awarded funding from Germany’s Decarbonization of Industry funding program and FIDed project to jointly build, own and operate a large scale carbon capture and liquefaction facility with Heidelberg Materials.

Awarded contract for supply of clean hydrogen and other industrial gases to OCI’s new world scale blue ammonia plant in Beaumont,.

Received encouragement from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to submit a full application for the development of the Great Lakes Clean Hydrogen Hub.

Strong collaborations are critical in this evolving decarbonization market to reduce financial risk and drive project success by using complementary strengths in specific functional areas.

Linde is committed to working with all stakeholders to build a better future that is lower in emissions and maximizes value.

For example, we are collaborating with subsurface experts to enable decarbonization of our own assets and accelerate deployment of large scale blue hydrogen supply.

Expanded agreement with Celanese Corporation, a global chemical company to provide decarbonization solutions at its manufacturing facility in Clear Lake, TX, U.S.

Today, Linde has the largest liquid hydrogen production capacity and distribution system in the world.

The company also operates the world’s first commercial high purity hydrogen storage cavern, which, coupled with an unrivaled pipeline network of approximately 1000 kilometers, enables us to reliably supply our customers.

With more than 200 hydrogen refueling stations and 80 hydrogen electrolysis plants installed worldwide, Linde is putting our strategy of prioritizing clean energy into action.

Linde reports against both the SD 2028 targets and the 35 by 35 commitment.

Linde's Sustainable Development (SD 2028) targets set a long term, 10 year action plan with commitments from leadership and all levels of the organization.

These are managed targets with clear accountability, ongoing reporting to management, and an annual process of review and continuous improvement.

These target areas are consistent with Linde’s strategic non financial business objectives considered in determining executive variable compensation awards.

Performance against this full slate of targets is reported quarterly to executive leadership, several times per year to the Board's Sustainability Committee, and at least once a year to the full Board of Directors.

Operational performance towards targets is reported on a monthly basis to management.

Linde began providing ESG performance results versus its climate change targets in 2020, the only chemicals company in the S P 500 to report quarterly ESG performance against its targets.

Most targets run from the 2018 base year, the first year of our combined company, for 10 years to 2028.

This chapter provides a summary dashboard of the SD 2028 targets and performance against these targets for 2022.

In 2021, Linde announced its newest climate change target, 35 by 35, which is a commitment to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35 percent in 2035.

This managed target runs from the 2021 base year, and has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Linde has four targets in the area of decarbonization and growth.

The scope is capital projects of more than 2 million, where the primary aim of Linde and or its customers is to reduce GHG emissions or advance the use of low carbon fuels and energy.

Since 2018, Linde has invested a cumulative 542 million.

For 2022, this includes investment to jointly build, own and operate a large scale carbon capture and liquefaction facility with Heidelberg Materials.

Direct at least one third of Linde’s annual R D budget to decarbonization.

The scope includes annual spend to develop lower carbon technology for Linde assets or to develop lower carbon solutions for our customers.

Linde invested 39 percent of its 2022 R D budget ( 56 million of 143 million total) into decarbonization (2021: 27 percent).

Initiatives include developing industry leading carbon capture technologies, investing in promising green hydrogen technologies and driving operational efficiency to further reduce GHG intensity.

Contribute more than 50 percent of revenue from our Sustainability.

The scope is annual Linde revenue associated with the sale of gases in applications that bring environmental and or social benefits see the Business Model table.

In 2022, Linde generated 54 percent of gases revenue, or 16 billion, from its Sustainability Portfolio.

The Sustainability Portfolio includes sales from Linde’s eco portfolio ( 11 billion) and social portfolio ( 5 billion).

The eco portfolio includes applications that have environmental and social benefits, such as oxygen for blast furnaces in steel hydrogen for utra low sulfur diesel (ULSD) and oxygen and carbon dioxide for wastewater treatment, desalination and aquaculture.

The social portfolio includes applications with target social benefits.

Examples are oxygen for respiratory care and helium for MRI technology.

For the eco portfolio, R D developed a simplified Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) based screening methodology to determine and update which applications are included.

A simplified LCA includes part of the four stages of a product life cycle of raw material acquisition, manufacturing, use reuse maintenance and recycle waste management (e.g., it assesses one or two of the stages completely, or analyzes all four stages to lesser depth).

All (100 percent) of Linde’s products under development were evaluated in depth in the first three stages (e.g., cradle to grave).

For environmental impacts, we use Environmental Key Performance Indicators (EKPIs): energy (electricity, natural gas and fuel) air emissions and direct and indirect GHG emissions waste (hazardous and non hazardous) water and ozone depleting substances (ODSs).

Enable 2X more GHG to be avoided per year than are emitted in all.

The scope is GHG benefits from a subset of Linde applications that enable demonstrable GHG benefits, versus Linde’s 2022 total direct and indirect (Scopes 1 and 2) GHG emissions.

In 2022, a subset of its applications enabled 90 million MT CO e to be avoided 51 million MT more than its GHG emissions or 2.3 times more.

See Linde Applications Enable 2X Carbon Productivity.

Methodology: End user avoided carbon dioxide emissions are calculated in accordance with the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) guidelines.

Avoided emissions arise from efforts by multiple partners along the respective value chains.

Linde’s contribution has been characterized as fundamental in enabling the avoided emissions.

See Addressing the Avoided Emissions Challenge: Guidelines from the chemical industry for accounting for and reporting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions avoided along the value chain based on comparative studies, ICCA October, 2003 (updated 2017).

Linde’s 2022 Scope 1 GHG emissions were 16.8 MM MT CO e. This represents an increase in emissions compared to 2021 by 3 percent.

Scope 1 GHG emissions were caused mainly (72 percent) by hydrogen production in SMRs.

An additional 19 percent is derived from ASUs or other production operations, where plants run on natural gas, and CO plant losses.

Approximately 5 percent of Scope 1 emissions were caused by other sources of GHG (e.g., nitrous oxide or other plants), and 4 percent is from driving.

Targets to improve GHG intensity in hydrogen production, other GHG emissions and driving address those emissions.

Linde’s Scope 2 GHG emissions were 22 MM MT CO e. This represents a 6.8 percent decrease versus 2021.

The 2022 result is driven by production volumes and efficiency improvements.

The value reflects increased usage of market based emissions factors for several plants that previously used location based factors.

Scope 2 GHG emissions are caused by the use of electricity and steam, a portion of which comes from fossil fuel sources.

Electricity is principally (90 percent) used by air separation plants and is tracked with the air separation energy efficiency target.

An additional 6 percent of the electricity is used in hydrogen production.

Targets to improve energy efficiency in ASUs and to increase low carbon power sourcing address this issue.

In order to show GHG efficiency against a business denominator, Linde selected EBITDA, which is one of the non GAAP measures reported by Linde plc.

It reflects the size of the business for which the emissions are being reported and the efficiency improvements that are being targeted.

For definition and reconciliation, please see Appendix to the Investor Teleconference Presentation Fourth Quarter 2022.

This GHG intensity analysis complements the absolute GHG reduction target announced in 2021.

Each of the intensity based targets is a contributor to Linde's primary indicator of GHG performance, the 35 by 35 absolute GHG reduction target.

Achieve a 35 percent absolute reduction of Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2035.

The scope is all Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for Linde globally.

This science based target is aligned with the Paris Accords goal to limit global warming to well below 2 C. Progress against this new target is reported for the first time in this Sustainable Development Report.

Linde's 2021 (baseline) Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions were 39.9 MM MT CO2e.

In the first year, Linde achieved 2.8 percent reduction, with 2022 emissions totaling 38.8 MM MT CO2e.

Achieve 35 percent GHG intensity improvement versus EBITDA.

The scope is Linde’s combined Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions versus EBITDA.

In 2022, Linde’s GHG intensity was 3.6 MMT CO e billion, representing 33 percent GHG intensity improvement over 2018, resulting from increased renewable energy availability and sourcing as well as strong EBITDA growth.

Achieve 7 percent improvement in ASU energy intensity.

The scope is Linde ASU facilities worldwide where Linde pays for the power and has operational control, including 50 percent majority held joint ventures.

The 2022 results represented a lag versus 2020, from 1.7 percent cumulative reduction to 0.1 percent cumulative increase, despite targeted productivity efforts and capital investments.

Factors for the lag include market and production trends, and Linde continues to review this indicator as well as the underlying assumptions in order to reflect of performance.

In 2022, the applicable joint ventures were also reconfirmed.

See GRI 302 1 for information on electricity consumption, GRI 302 3 for energy intensity, and GRI 302 4 for energy reduction activities.

Achieve 4 percent improvement in hydrogen GHG intensity.

The 2022 results were a 6.7 percent improvement versus 2021: 9.3 percent.

Performance against this target was not expected to be linear.

It reflects changes in production volumes, the effect of project startups, the implementation of projected technology innovations, and an increase in byproduct hydrogen sourced.

Achieve 10 percent improvement in trucking GHG emissions intensity.

The scope is all Linde commercial driving operations (bulk and packaged gases combined) where the driver is a Linde employee.

The 2022 results were a 4.6 cumulative percent GHG intensity improvement against the baseline.

The target is calculated by multiplying the number of miles driven and fuel used in each geography by GHG emissions factors and dividing by volume of product delivered.

Examples of contributors include logistics efficiency projects, fleet renewal and new technology.

Contractor driving is reported as Scope 3 at GRI 305 3.

Achieve a 10 percent absolute reduction in other GHG emissions.

The scope is most other GHG emissions from a range of Scope 1 GHG emissions sources, calculated into CO equivalents refrigerant losses from cylinder refilling operations N O emissions from N O plants and cylinder filling and methane releases from helium and CO plants, which account for most of Linde’s other GHG emissions.

In 2022, these emissions were 0.8 MM MT CO e (2021: 0.9).

The 2022 results showed a 56 percent improvement over the baseline.

The scope is all Linde operations within our GHG reporting boundary.

In 2022, the company sourced 18 TWh low carbon energy, or 43 percent of all its purchased electricity.

Progress on this target was not expected to be linear.

Low carbon electricity is defined as electricity produced from non fossil sources including renewables (e.g., solar, wind, biomass, geothermal, hydro) and other low carbon sources.

The target includes passive electricity (e.g., from the grid) and active sourcing over PPAs, RECs, certificates and sourcing contracts for specific facilities.

It considers all energy consumption where Linde purchases the electricity.

It excludes electricity where Linde is not the purchaser.

Linde actively sourced 3.3 TWh renewable electricity and 1.3 TWh low carbon power in 2022.

Linde electricity use in the UK is almost all renewable using wind and almost all renewable in Brazil using hydroelectric.

Low carbon and renewable electricity is also sourced in the United States, where both hydro and nuclear power are used, as well as in Colombia, India, Spain, the Philippines and other geographies.

In addition to its investment targets, aimed at addressing climate change, Linde has defined three environmental targets: sustainable productivity or eco efficiency, reduction of waste and management of water.

All three programs are baselined with 2018 data from Legacy Praxair only.

From 2019, the data reflects the Linde plc organization.

Sustainable productivity projects bring financial and environmental savings in Linde's EKPIs.

The target for sustainable productivity is a cumulative savings of 1.3 billion, 2018 2028.

The 2022 results are on track to meet this target.

Linde achieved savings of 215 million (cumulatively 712 million), or 32 percent of all targeted productivity savings.

In 2022, sustainable productivity also saved 1 billion KWh, 999 billion BTU of natural gas, 6 million gallons of diesel fuel, approximately 25 million pounds of waste, 400 million gallons of water and 1 million MT CO e. CO e savings count projects where benefits are fully realized and projects that were implemented in 2021 and are still accruing benefits.

Based on our experience of more than a decade, the target assumes that both reported financial savings, and their percentage contribution to all productivity, will increase from the early years of the target period, before achieving a steady state in later years.

Implement Water Management Plans (WMPs) at high water use sites in areas of water stress.

The scope is high water use (hi hi) sites, defined as sites exceeding 50,000 m year of water withdrawal, excluding once through, non contact cooling water.

The 2022 results are on track to meet this target: Sixty four sites were defined as in scope for this target in 2022.

WMPs were implemented at 48 percent of applicable sites.

Areas of water stress are defined by the WRI Aqueduct Global Water Risk Atlas Tool (2019 version).

We determined high stress to mean that the baseline water stress was high or extremely high .

In addition, businesses are encouraged to voluntarily use local determinants of water risk sites thus defined are included in this target scope.

Linde's main uses of water include cooling and boiler systems for the production of steam for the SMR process to make hydrogen.

In 2022, Linde improved its water reporting collaboration, guidance and systems while teams focused on reducing water use through productivity projects.

To enhance data quality and water intensity monitoring, sites with WMPs report monthly.

Nine of these sites were added voluntarily in South Latin America and APAC, based on local assessment of high water stress.

Of the 64 sites determined to be in scope, 48 percent implemented WMPs by the end of 2022.

In addition to the voluntary sites in the Americas (8) and APAC (1), the remaining WMP sites are in EMEA (28), APAC (13), and the Americas (14).

Linde’s team in South Latin America has set a voluntary regional target to continuously improve their WMP site specific water intensity performance since 2016.

By 2022, 45 percent of the 11 WMP sites improved their water intensity results compared to the baseline year.

They also had achieved an overall annual water reduction of more than 400,000 m by early 2022.

Investments were made to optimize cooling and boiler systems operation, to identify and repair water leaks, to collect and re use rainwater, as well as to recover process condensate and other effluents to use it as make up water in cooling towers.

SD 2028 Target: 450 sites achieve Zero Waste to Landfill.

At the end of 2022, 371 sites achieved Zero Waste to Landfill.

Linde 2022 Sustainable Development Report for energy recovery.

Altogether, 760 sites participated, and approximately 250 million pounds of waste was diverted from landfills.

Zero Waste to Landfill helps extend our company’s mission and values and promotes circular economic practices.

In many cases, the program brings social benefits to local communities, from education to job creation.

See GRI 306 2 for more information on waste metrics.

During 2022, Linde continued to align its safety and environmental standards and procedures for both work processes and product handling to enable employees around the world to execute their jobs safely and to prevent safety incidents relating to operational processes or products.

Linde’s SD 2028 targets include two for operational safety, one for distribution safety and one for product safety.

Overall, operational safety incident rates decreased in 2022.

This is attributed to several cultural and operational factors, including best practices sharing, focus on manual handling processes and training.

Annually achieve operational safety better than industry levels for Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR) and Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR).

The scope of these targets are all Linde operations (e.g., for employees and contractors).

Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR): Linde’s 2022 LWCR was 0.19 (2021: 0.22), more than four times better than the OSHA all industries industrial average (1.1).

Linde’s LWCR is defined as the number of Recordable Injury Cases (RICs) plus the number of Recordable Sickness Cases (RSCs) that result in one or more day(s) away from work as a result of a work related incident or exposure per 200,000 hours worked (for employees and contractors).

Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR): Linde’s 2022 TRCR (the number of employee or contractor recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked) was 0.49 (2021: 0.54).

Linde’s 2021 TRCR was more than five times better than the OSHA all industries industrial average (2.7).

A recordable case is defined as any recordable injury or sickness of an employee, temporary worker or contractor that results from a work related incident or exposure per 200,000 hours worked.

Annually achieve Commercial Vehicle Incident Rate (CVIR) of.

The scope is all operations and all employee and contractor commercial vehicle incidents at all severity levels, per million kilometers.

The annual vehicle safety target is to maintain Linde’s CVIR at 2.5 million kilometers.

In 2022, this target was achieved: Linde’s global CVIR was 2.24 vehicle incidents per million kilometers (2021: 2.08).

Each high severity vehicle incident is investigated, and the results from the investigation are reviewed by local leadership and Corporate SHEQ, including root cause analysis and corrective actions.

In addition, selected high severity incidents based on results and learnings are reviewed monthly with corporate and regional leadership.

Annually, all high severity vehicle incidents, which are defined by Linde standards and closely aligned with ICCA guidance, are reviewed.

As part of this review, an analysis is conducted to identify improvement opportunity areas in which the learnings and conclusions, as identified from the analysis, are used to improve safety standards and or establish new initiatives and focus areas.

As an example, the learning and conclusions identified from the 2022 analysis resulted in additional safety initiatives in areas including fatigue awareness, in addition to technology implementation.

Zero global sales of coating slurries that contain hexavalent chrome.

Four targets were established in relation to eliminating Cr(VI) containing slurries and replacing coatings with strontium chromate, which is currently used in several SermeTel and SermaLon coatings.

By 2019: Offer coatings free of strontium chromate.

By 2021: Offer 100 percent chrome free slurry product alternatives to the market.

By 2024: No sales of coating slurries that contain Cr(VI) if chrome free 2020 alternatives have been developed and qualified by the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).

By 2029: No sales of coating slurries that contain Cr(VI).

These targets were prompted by the requirements of REACH , but go beyond REACH in that they apply worldwide and will eliminate toxic substances not just in Europe, as required by REACH, but everywhere.

Surface Technologies continues to develop additional Cr(VI) free alternatives to replace legacy SermeTel systems targeted for elimination in 2029.

In addition to the three targets to eliminate Cr(VI) containing slurries, Surface Technologies has expanded its focus and developed replacement coatings that are free of strontium chromate, a chemical that is currently used in several SermeTel and SermaLon coatings.

In 2019, Surface Technologies introduced replacement coatings to major OEMs, and they have been accepted and incorporated into usage, allowing the OEMs to comply with the January 2019 REACH sunset date for strontium chromate.

Cr(VI) free products have been introduced to the market.

These alternatives are available for much of the company’s portfolio and under testing by several key customers in aviation and energy.

On the adoption of these products by the aerospace, industrial, and oil and gas industries, Linde has the potential to reduce its usage of Cr(VI) containing substances of concern by an estimated 8,000 9,000 pounds annually.

REACH (the Registration, Evaluation and Restriction of Chemicals) is a European Union regulation that aims to improve the protection of human health and the environment through the better and earlier identification of the intrinsic properties of chemical substances.

This is done by the four processes of REACH, namely the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals.

Integrity Compliance Integrity Compliance: 100 percent certification to Linde's Code of.

All targeted employees are required to certify CBI compliance, except where law or regulation prohibits inclusion.

In 2021, 99.1 percent of required employees certified that they understood Linde’s Compliance with Laws and Business Integrity and Ethics policies.

See 205 2 for actions in place to verify training for the remaining employees.

Doing Business with the Government Understanding Anti Bribery Legislation Understanding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and others.

As indicated in the Governance section, the Board Audit Committee reviews certification of employees’ understanding of, and compliance with, the company’s Business Integrity and Ethics Policy.

In addition, Linde requires that 100 percent of relevant third parties whose activities could expose Linde to risk adhere to its CBI and Compliance with Laws and Business Integrity and Ethics policies, or their own equivalent compliance policies.

Linde utilizes contractual terms and awareness programs to foster adherence, as through its Supplier Code of Conduct.

Community impact assessments in engineering project development at all new sites (U.S. only).

This PF has four targets: one for Diversity Inclusion (target year 2030), two for Community and one for Global Giving.

Diversity Inclusion: Achieve 30 percent representation of women globally by 2030.

The aspirational goal for Linde is to achieve 30 percent female representation at all levels in Linde’s global professional employee population by 2030.

In 2022, the overall average percentage of female professionals in the global Linde organization was 28 percent (2021: 27), and on track to achieve this target.

The percentage of female executives in the global Linde organization was 18 percent, an increase from 17 percent in 2021.

Women also represented 28 percent of professional employees.

The global organizational goal of 30 percent is intended to apply at all management levels and for all business units and functions.

The company embraces diversity and inclusion in order to attract, develop and retain the best talent and build high performing teams.

Linde’s CBI states that employees must not be discriminated against on the basis of their race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or other protected characteristics.

Linde’s Board and management have aligned diversity and inclusion with its business strategies and implemented diversity action planning into business processes, performance management and executive compensation.

Community Engagement Complete 550 projects in community engagement.

Target scope is all reported employee based Linde community engagement activities.

Projects are defined as reported by the project team into a Linde database.

Linde measures the impact of projects, where applicable, on the community beneficiaries, employees and the company.

Analysis shows positive impacts for all three groups.

For example, teams report that in 92 percent of projects, the quality of life of the beneficiaries is positively impacted in 82 percent of projects, teams reported that their own management effectiveness improved in 95 percent of projects, teams reported positive employee engagement.

Results for baseline year 2018 are as reported for Legacy Praxair.

The results for 2022 reflect the continuing pandemic, and teams are judiciously increasing group projects where possible and maintaining a number of virtual events to support the community.

Community engagement projects are directed to address local needs.

Projects focus on four themes: Education Diversity (27 percent) Health Wellness (19 percent) Community Support (33 percent) and Environment (21 percent).

Community Relations (U.S.): Community impact assessments in engineering project development at all new sites.

The Scope is all new U.S. large capital projects that pass the regular engineering design process and commence construction.

Work on the target was halted due to the pandemic.

Activity is now underway with screening of projects.

In addition, a new framework for community input, dialogue and investment was developed in 2022.

The community impact assessment is performed by the business and project execution teams during the planning of new and or significant expansions of Linde sites.

It includes a discussion with key stakeholders in the community, which may include representatives from municipalities and community organizations understanding community needs and a proposal of potential ways to address these community needs and bring positive impact, especially through social, educational or environmental initiatives.

Global Giving Global Giving: Increase environmental climate related philanthropic spend by 50 percent.

Target scope is Global Giving donations from corporate and global businesses.

The program contributed approximately 1.2 million to environmental related organizations in 2022, a 116 percent increase from the baseline, achieving the target.

The objective of this target was to direct additional Global Giving funds towards initiatives that will have a positive impact on the environment climate change and to support Linde’s new Climate Change targets.

Linde has long standing relationships with global environmental non profit organizations such as The Nature Conservancy and the Arbor Day Foundation.

Our company also supports regionally based environmental programs in various countries, including Mexico, Canada, South Korea, Brazil and India.

See GRI 201 1, 203 1 and 413 1 for more information.

Corporate Governance 2 9 A comprehensive review of Linde’s corporate governance framework is provided on our website at: http: www.linde.com about linde corporate governance.

It is also included in the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in the Corporate Governance and Board Matters section.

The Proxy Statement also contains a section on Environmental, Social and Governance Highlights.

Linde’s Board of Directors consists of 10 Board members.

Linde’s CEO Sanjiv Lamba serves as an executive director, and the Chairman of the Board Stephen Angel was formerly Linde's CEO.

The Board currently has five standing committees: Audit Committee, Human Capital Committee, Executive Committee, Sustainability Committee and Nomination and Governance Committee.

Each is comprised of only independent directors, except for the Executive Committee, of which the Chair and CEO are members.

The Board maintains oversight of the company's values and strategy.

Each year, it conducts a comprehensive long term strategic review of the company's outlook and business plans and provides advice and counsel to management regarding the company's strategic issues.

Linde’s values are considered integral to its long term sustainable success, and executive compensation rewards performance in financial and strategic non financial areas.

The Board’s role in these areas, as well as in risk management, is described in the company’s annual Proxy Statement in the Corporate Governance and Board Matters Section, which is available on Linde’s website at: https: investors.linde.com regulatory filings.

The Board has oversight of key aspects of the corporate governance structure in areas of particular interest to the sustainability community, such as director independence split roles of Chairman and CEO appropriate board committees board effectiveness shareholder outreach and alignment with long term shareholder interests mechanisms to avoid conflicts of interest board diversity limits to service industry experience and a comprehensive sustainability program.

Board members are nominated by the Nomination and Governance Committee for election by the shareholders.

Nominees are elected each year at the Annual General Meeting.

The Nomination and Governance Committee believes that each director has an established record of accomplishment in areas relevant to our business and objectives, and possesses the characteristics identified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines as essential to a well functioning and deliberative governing body, including integrity, independence and commitment.

Each Board member has executive management and director oversight experience in most, if not all, areas that the Board considers critical to conduct of the company’s business, including public policies as they affect global industrial corporations, compliance, corporate governance, productivity management, safety management and sustainable development.

Governance of Non Financial Matters 2 12 Linde has established five core values: Safety, Inclusion, Accountability, Integrity and Community.

These are the basis of what the company stands for and how it behaves.

A code of ethics has been adopted that provides clear instructions on expected behavior and for reporting concerns about potential non conformance.

This code has been approved by the Linde Board of Directors and is named the Code of Business Integrity (CBI).

This document is made widely available to employees and third parties and is posted on the company’s website.

Governance of Linde's CBI is described in the Performance section as it relates to an SD 2028 target.

It is the view of Linde’s Board that non financial issues are a component of the company's values, culture and performance expectations, and are a basis on which employees drive financial results.

The Board has confirmed the importance of setting non financial objectives as part of variable compensation to reinforce leadership’s focus on maintaining a culture that supports both short and long term sustainable results.

It has established non financial goals with respect to elements such as safety, environmental responsibility, global compliance, productivity and talent management.

These measures are described in Linde’s Proxy Statement.

Annual payout of executive variable compensation depends on performance in several strategic non financial areas, including best in class performance in safety, environmental responsibility, global compliance, productivity and talent management.

Linde’s Board monitors the implementation of its CBI, which includes commitments to adhere to high standards for diversity and inclusion safety health care for the environment and quality human rights corporate citizenship and the prevention of bribery and corruption.

The Audit Committee oversees the company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

The Human Capital Committee oversees diversity and inclusion policies, objectives and programs to achieve those objectives.

The Nomination and Governance Committee periodically reviews the company’s guidelines and policies governing its response to important broad public policy issues in the areas of corporate social responsibility and corporate citizenship.

Alignment with Compensation In January 2022, the Human Capital Committee approved the design and goals for the Company’s annual performance based variable compensation program in 2022.

In recognition of the importance of the Company’s standards for, and impacts from, environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations, the non financial component will now be comprised of three pillars, each with their own weights.

Coupled with its assessment of performance related to financial goals, the Human Capital Committee reviewed the strategic actions taken by management that focused on long term sustainable success.

After the end of the year, management presented to the Human Capital Committee the degree of achievement in meeting each goal, and for each element, provided its view of the relative degree of importance to long term success.

Based on the results, the Human Capital Committee determined that the company’s performance with respect to the strategic and non financial goals was favorable and set the Corporate strategic and non financial payout factor at 180 percent of target variable compensation (relative to a 200 percent maximum).

The table on the next page illustrates the basis for which 2022 variable compensation payouts.

Zero fatalities with fatality potential event reduction.

Providing employees with a safe operating environment through investing in state of the art technology and by.

No significant process safety or environmental events.

Best in class recordable injury, lost workday case and vehicle accident rates.

Achieve world class performance in sustainability.

A strong global compliance program and culture focusing on policies, procedures, training, reporting, accountability and verification via audit.

Strengthen leadership pipeline, including globally driving a culture in which safety is a top priority.

Rigorous processes and procedures to ensure compliance with all applicable environmental regulations, to meet sustainable development performance targets and to continuously reduce the environmental impact of the company’s operations in the communities in which it operates.

Create and maintain a strong ethical culture in every country where Linde operates.

All employees accountable for ensuring that business results are achieved in compliance with local laws and regulations and the company’s Code of Business Integrity.

Attraction, retention and development of a diverse and engaged workforce through a robust succession planning process diverse talent, through a single succession planning and performance management approach across the enterprise.

Employee value proposition includes providing strong, dynamic leadership, a challenging work environment, industry leading performance, competitive pay and benefits, and rewards and recognition for outstanding performance.

Deliver excellent results in the short term and over a longer, sustainable period of time.

Rigorously assess the quality and future impact of actions taken, as benefits may not be recognized for several years.

Monitor the health of the organization through pulse surveys applications and use cases.

Focus on meeting schedules and cost estimates, starting up plants reliably and efficiently, and supporting plant.

Win more than our fair share of high quality projects availability.

Deliver value through continuous innovation to help Linde’s customers enhance their product quality, service, productivity and automation with demonstrable bottom line impact reliability, productivity, safety and environmental performance.

Work across disciplines, industries and sectors, with employees, customers, suppliers and a range of other.

Enhance organizational capabilities in productivity stakeholders to get more output utilizing fewer resources and with less environmental impact tools, processes and practices.

Continue to be the best performing industrial gases company in the world.

Assess how well we anticipate and manage adversity to optimize results.

Determine if management’s actions appear more or less effective than those of Linde’s peers.

Appropriately respond to macroeconomic or other external factors unknown at the time financial goals were established.

Examples of 2022 actions include: Reliably and cost effectively delivered products and services to.

Environmental Sustainability efforts made good progress with reduction in greenhouse gas intensity, with continuous year over year decrease through end of 2022 and on track to achieving a 35 percent reduction by 2028.

Public commitment to sustainability by joining United Nations.

Continued to provide transparency on topics of concern to stakeholders, including the release of position statements on the Importance of Ecosystems and Chemicals of Concern.

Increased the number of sites participating in Zero Waste program from approximately 700 sites in 2021 to roughly 760 sites by the end of 2022, with Zero Waste achievement on track for 2028 target.

Delivered nearly 500 community engagement projects globally across.

More than 500 million investments in decarbonization initiatives and every region and every business.

Maintained DSJI World constituency for 20th consecutive year, remaining the only company in the chemicals sector with that record.

Achieved double A List recognition by CDP for climate change and.

Sustainalytics ESG rating improved from 10 to 8.2, indicating negligible risk.

Linde ranked 1 in Industrial Gases and 2 in the broader Chemicals sector.

Recognized for Diversity, Equity Inclusion programs by Diversity Inc., Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index, STEM Workforce Diversity Magazine, Best Place to Work, Top Companies and Top Fleet Employer.

Executed Strengthening the Pipeline program providing development and sponsorship for a diverse group of more than 200 high performing employees as part of our efforts toward meeting 30 by 30 , gender representation goal.

Global giving of more than 100,000 to nonprofit organizations.

Increased procurement of active renewable and low carbon power Steady progress on established SD 2028 goals in all four priority pillars: Climate Change Safety, Health Environment People Community and Integrity Compliance.

Achieved SBTi validation of our absolute 2035 GHG reduction target.

Released GHG Recalculation Policy, a formal process to govern inventory adjustments in line with GHG Protocol and standard practice.

Decreased fatality potential events by 40 percent.

Decreased high severity commercial vehicle incidents by.

Sustainable development is overseen by the Board and executive leadership and integrated throughout the company.

Linde’s Board of Directors: In 2021, the Board approved new climate change goals, including the 2035 absolute GHG reduction target and 2050 climate neutrality ambition.

The Board previously approved the SD 2028 targets, and the Board reviews progress on all targets.

In 2021, the Board added a new Sustainability Committee to focus on environmental matters and clean energy initiatives.

The committee receives regular updates on progress against targets, strategy, reporting of aspects and emerging topics from the Vice President, Sustainability.

Additionally, the former Compensation Committee was named the Human Capital Committee, with expanded oversight of social aspects, including community engagement.

Charters of certain committees were updated to specify their oversight of ESG factors more clearly.

Additional detail on Board Committee charters can be found at: https: www.linde.com about linde corporate governance.

In addition, the Board reviews safety matters at each meeting.

A compliance presentation is made annually by the Chief Compliance Officer.

A presentation is made annually by the Chief Human Resources (HR) Officer on Linde’s program in Diversity and Inclusion.

The Executive Leadership Team is the highest level leadership team.

They are responsible for economic, environmental and social topics, and oversee and approve sustainable development strategies and programs.

In 2022, they reviewed presentations related to ESG that were prepared for the Board.

Members of the Executive Leadership Team report directly to the CEO and are responsible for their respective regional operating segments of the Americas, APAC and EMEA, as well as Engineering, and for Clean Energy and corporate functions, including Legal and Human Resources.

Linde's Business Leadership team is responsible for business operations across the globe.

Linde's Functional Leadership manages and has direct responsibility for areas including Safety, Health, Environment and Quality (SHEQ), Technology, Clean Energy, Sustainability, Productivity and Digitalization.

Linde’s Executive Vice President (EVP) and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) is the executive officer responsible for sustainability.

He is a member of the executive leadership team and reports to the CEO.

In addition to oversight of sustainable development, he is responsible for SHEQ and Human Resources.

Specifically, in relation to sustainability and climate change, the EVP is the highest management level responsible for coordinating the SD 2028 targets, including Linde’s climate change targets.

The EVP is responsible for aligning various functions of the organization and the businesses around sustainability goals: including development of targets (by Sustainability) and for overall alignment of business strategy and functional coordination related to sustainability.

The Vice President, Sustainability reports to the EVP and CHRO and is the highest ranking functional leader of sustainability.

She is the Chair of the Corporate SD Council and coordinates performance and action planning to define and achieve all sustainability targets and action plans.

She is also responsible for external reporting and coordinating consultations with internal and external stakeholders relating to ESG issues (see the Engaging Stakeholders section) and staying current with emerging issues.

Capex for investments in decarbonization, and R D for innovation and growth related to decarbonization).

She also leads global internal and external engagement on sustainable development issues, community engagement, Zero Waste and other sustainability initiatives and ensures the fair, reasonable treatment of all perspectives.

The Corporate Sustainable Development Council (SD Council) is the corporate committee responsible for the proposal and execution of Linde’s sustainable development strategy, targets and programs.

It consists of the heads of functions that support the implementation of Linde’s SD strategy and targets, and the designated heads of Operating Segments, Engineering, and global businesses who lead SD implementation in their areas.

The SD Council is the institutional link between the Management Committee and the Board on Linde’s sustainable development.

Business SD Councils are established in each Linde Operating Segment and global business.

They are comprised of functional leads and coordinated by a business level Sustainable Development leader, supported by an SD Coordinator, both appointed by that business' president.

They lead business and functional level internal and external engagement on sustainable development and coordinate the implementation of local sustainable development action plans and Linde’s Sustainable Development Management System (SDMS).

Business SD Coordinators participate in bi monthly global meetings coordinated by the office of Sustainable Development.

They share sustainable development best practices and challenges between corporate groups and the businesses.

Linde’s 10 year SD (SD 2028) targets were set in 2019 and are baselined in 2018 to reflect the starting year of the combined company.

They were developed at the request of Linde’s Board and Executive Leadership Team, who approved them in early 2020.

These are managed targets the businesses are accountable for achieving them.

Reporting on specific targets is consolidated and coordinated by one or more corporate functional vice presidents and is reviewed internally (in most cases, monthly).

Linde’s energy and climate change targets are reported each month from the businesses and reviewed at a monthly global meeting of the COE, led by its vice president.

The meeting tracks trends against targets and seeks opportunities to replicate best practices.

This monthly report is then provided to the Finance office, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Executive Leadership Team.

Linde's latest climate change goals are managed and the businesses are accountable for achieving them.

Sustainability and Finance convene quarterly reviews with Linde's CEO to track progress against this target.

Other operational targets for water, sustainable productivity, Zero Waste and community engagement also report monthly into the COE meeting.

Zero Waste, Community Engagement and Workforce Development programs are led by the Sustainable Development function.

Community engagement encourages business programs that engage employees in volunteerism in their communities.

Community is a core company value community engagement is considered a leadership activity.

Linde sites maintain a strong Community Engagement program.

Workforce Development programs have been designed and launched with community partners in a range of areas from welding to additive manufacturing to heavy duty truck driving.

Linde’s risk management process includes risk reviews by management as well as annual review by the Board.

In its Annual Report (10 k), Linde lists risk factors that management assesses may significantly impact the company.

Risks include short term, long term and emerging risks.

TCFD notes impacts to ecosystems, human health and businesses see https: www.fsb tcfd.org about .

Potential Impact on Linde The potential impact of this risk is both short and long term.

Linde’s most recent risk assessment notes that such events could disrupt or delay Linde’s ability to produce and distribute its products to customers and could potentially expose Linde to third party liability claims.

In addition, such events could impact Linde’s customers and suppliers, resulting in temporary or long term outages and or the limitation of supply of energy and other raw materials used in normal business operations.

Steps Undertaken Linde evaluates the direct and indirect business risks, consults with vendors, insurance providers and industry experts, makes investments in suitably resilient design and technology, and conducts regular reviews of the business risks with management.

See Linde’s 2022 Annual Report (10 k), page 9, and Linde’s 2023 CDP Climate Change Response, which is available at the end of July.

Increasing Significance According to the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), there is increased risk for wide scale or high consequence events.

The agency notes that critical infrastructure is increasingly subject to sophisticated cyber intrusions that pose new risks see https: www.cisa.gov cybersecurity.

Potential Impact on Linde Linde’s most recent risk assessment notes that the company relies on information technology systems and networks, and stores and processes sensitive business and proprietary information in these systems and networks.

Operational failures and breaches of security from increasingly sophisticated cyberthreats could lead to the loss or disclosure of confidential information, result in business interruption, malfunction or regulatory actions, and have a material adverse impact on the company’s operations, reputation and financial results.

Steps Undertaken Linde has taken steps to address these risks and concerns by implementing advanced security technologies, internal controls, network and data center resiliency and recovery processes.

See also Linde’s 2022 Annual Report (10 k), page 10.

This section describes ongoing engagement on key topics with several relevant stakeholder groups.

They are invited to voice their opinions, which in turn provides value to the company.

Stakeholder feedback was integrated into Linde's process to determine PFs, KPIs and company goals, including our SD 2028 targets and 2035 target, and 2050 climate neutrality ambition.

Employees 2 29 Linde is committed to the safety, well being and professional development of all employees worldwide.

The company is committed to providing a safe and inclusive workplace with an emphasis on the highest standards of integrity and professional performance.

This allows Linde to maintain a high rate of employee engagement, which helps attract and retain talent.

Linde provides a range of employee benefits that reward performance.

Linde has a robust training and development program and annual employee performance appraisals.

Linde's worldwide 2022 employee engagement scored favorably relative to established benchmarks.

Positive level exceeding external benchmarks in employee engagement based upon global survey: 75 percent engagement.

Linde was named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index.

Customers 2 29 Customer satisfaction is crucial to Linde’s results.

A significant portion of Linde's revenue is earned from recurring customers and retained accounts.

In addition to an analysis of customer retention, we assess the satisfaction level of a subset of our largest accounts.

Linde works continuously to offer customers relevant technologies to improve their resource.

Reliable supply efficiency and positive environmental impacts, particularly in energy use and the reduction of GHG emissions.

Globally, Linde provides customers with the safe, reliable and quality supply of critical products.

For example: Throughout the COVID 19 pandemic, Lincare cared for 225,000 COVID 19 patients.

Lincare provides in home services to patients with underlying chronic medical conditions, which helps to increase critical hospital capacity by transitioning respiratory patients and others from in patient to in home care.

Globally, Linde works with customers to improve their energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions.

For example: Linde responds to dozens of customers each year from several geographies that seek information as part of the CDP supply chain assessment.

Linde's 2022 Supplier Engagement Rating Score was A , compared to an average rating of C in our sector.

Consistent with our vision and mission, the company is committed to helping customers by delivering innovative and sustainable solutions.

In many cases, its innovative technology solves environmental challenges, allowing its customers to be more productive while using fewer natural resources and energy, and producing fewer emissions.

In 2019, Linde and BASF won the ICIS Innovation Awards for Best Process: Linde’s DRYREF syngas process in combination with BASF’s SYNSPIRE catalyst enables steam reforming of methane in dryer conditions and the use of CO as feedstock, contributing to energy savings and an improved CO footprint.

Linde has measured customer satisfaction based upon retention for 2018 2020 the target of 90 percent was achieved each year.

In 2021, Linde began planning for a pilot customer satisfaction survey using Net Promoter Score (NPS).

Linde received a confirmation of satisfaction with a NPS of 35.

This survey is conducted every two years and will be repeated in 2023.

Shareholders 2 29 Linde has a strong shareholder focus.

Meetings held with investors and broader ESG groups confirmed Linde's ongoing commitment to sustainability.

We emphasized that priorities were to retain our respective strong programs, to develop our sustainability and climate change targets and to integrate sustainability globally across Linde.

In 2022, Linde’s stock performance outpaced major indices, including the S P 500.

Linde is frequently recognized for outstanding performance in sustainability.

We consistently excel in premier sustainability investment indexes and rankings.

Linde is listed on major investment indexes such as the S P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, World Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), FTSE4Good and STOXX.

Linde was named to the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023.

Results are based upon the 2022 Corporate Sustainability Assessment, which confirmed Linde as a constituent of DJSI World, scoring at the 99th percentile (Oct. 2022).

The Sustainability Yearbook is the world's most comprehensive publication on corporate sustainability.

In 2022, Linde was named to CDP's A list for its CDP Water Security Response and its Climate Change Response.

Suppliers 2 29 Linde infuses its core values through supply chain engagement initiatives structured to cultivate supplier capacity.

This drives better business performance, sustains higher quality and improves eco proficiency and product development, including access to innovation.

We optimize initiatives locally and across the globe by focusing on select commodities and distinct groups of suppliers.

Linde works with our electricity and capital equipment suppliers around the globe to identify and implement programs that optimize energy efficiency in our offices and facilities.

Linde has been recognized for commitment to a clean energy future by Florida Power and Light's Solar Together program.

Energy supply contracts continue to bring carbon free electricity to Linde’s corporate office in Danbury, Connecticut.

The site also sources energy from solar panels in the parking lot.

Contract drivers receive the same or comparable levels of training as Linde drivers.

Linde seeks to promote engagement and help build capacity among suppliers designated as diverse business enterprises.

Over the last few years, Afrox, Linde’s subsidiary in South Africa, has been the driving force behind more than 10 small enterprises.

This is part of Afrox’s commitment to kick start, support and build small Black owned businesses capable of meeting the needs of the company’s strategy in terms of procurement, transport and penetrating new markets.

We make long term investments in communities where we build facilities and source locally for talent, leadership and suppliers.

This, in turn, helps strengthen Linde’s reputation and business relationships.

Community engagement is a part of Linde’s culture and is encouraged by leadership.

Linde engages with its communities by building close relationships with local providers of emergency services, with employee volunteer projects that help build community resilience and through the Linde Global Giving Program (see GRI 201 1, 203 1, 203 2, 413 1, 413 2).

Linde has a strong community engagement program and activity in all businesses.

For example in 2022, approximately 350,000 people, including children and students, benefited from our efforts in community engagement.

Linde's Skills Pipeline program addresses labor shortages by helping to build capacity.

For example, the program in commercial truck driving helps soldiers transitioning from the military earn their CDL.

Having more drivers available to work in industry can potentially reduce supply chain disruptions.

The program has provided training to more than one hundred soldiers.

Government Agencies 2 29 Linde has a strong global ethics and compliance program.

Linde’s Government Relations department participates in discussions with international, national and sub national governmental bodies regarding legislation that impacts our business, drives energy efficiency, delivers positive outcomes in electricity regulation and supports our unique technologies to produce clean energy.

Linde maintains a detailed oversight process to ensure that its activities are conducted in a legal, ethical and transparent manner.

Linde trains employees on issues related to doing business with the government and complying with anti trust and competition laws and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).

Linde meets with international, national, sub national and local government officials to discuss energy costs, energy efficiency, tax and trade related issues and the environmental benefits of Linde technologies.

Industry Associations and Groups 2 29 Linde is a member of a range of trade associations, business associations and alliances, including national chemical associations and industrial gas associations in the company’s key geographies, and manufacturers associations and chambers of commerce, through which it engages in dialogue with government officials and stakeholders about issues that are important to the company and its business.

See the next page for a full list of industry associations.

In many cases, a Linde executive holds a board seat and or serves on a relevant committee, or Linde participates in projects where it views membership as a strategic partnership.

Linde also participates in additional local and regional organizations.

Linde is externally audited for conformance to the Responsible Care Management.

System (RCMS ) and is a signatory of the Responsible Care Global Charter.

VIK Verband der Industriellen Energie und Kraftwirtschaft e.V.

See full listing in the Sustainable Development Recognition area on the company's website at: https: www.linde.com sustainable development awards and recognition.

SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI World).

One of the 2022 World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute.

Danish Municipality Fredericia's CSR Award for Community Engagement, A S Linde Gas.

PPKM Awards 2023 Private Sectors on contributing to communities during COVID 19 PPKM period (Indonesia).

Recognition as a Socially Responsible Company by the Mexican Center for Philanthropy and the Alliance for Corporate Social Responsibility for the 13th consecutive year (Mexico) and the ninth consecutive year (Costa Rica).

Corporate Integrity 500 by the Business Magazine CNN Expansion (Mexico).

Appreciation Award from Linde customer Gas Products in recognition of Linde Malaysia’s valued support as their Business Partner contributing to the company’s success.

Recognition for Excellent Customer Services During Epidemic Situation to LLH Xianyang CHOT site for Continuous Product Supply (China).

Recognition from Ningbo Baiqida, a local high tech enterprise, for the efforts to keep sustainable supply during the epidemic in 2022 (China).

Pr mio Mulheres na Lideran a 2022, organized by Women in Leadership in Latin America (WILL).

Recognition as a Super Company by the Business Magazine CNN Expansion (Mexico).

Recognition for Family Friendly Corporation Certificate by the Korean Ministry of Gender Equality and Family (MOGEF).

Recognition for Youth Friendly Small Giants Certificate by the Korean Ministry of Employment and Labor (MOEL).

Top Employer China 2022 for the Eighth Consecutive Year.

Blue Flag Ecological Program (Bandera Azul Ecol gica) by the National Commission of the Blue Flag (Costa Rica).

Carbon Footprint Label Scheme certified by Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization) or TGO: MPT2.

Eco Factory certified by Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand and The Federation of Thai Industries: Linde HyCO and MPT2.

Green Industry level 2 certified by Ministry of Industry: Bangpoo plant (Thailand).

Green Industry level 4 certified by Ministry of Industry: Linde HyCO and MPT2 (Thailand).

Recognition for Excellent Environmental Performance by the Ministry of the Environment, Clean Transportation Program (Mexico).

Reforestamos Mexico Award to Environmentally Conscious Companies that Support Reforestation Programs.

Thailand Voluntary Emission Trading Scheme (Thailand V ETS) by Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization) or.

Environmental Protection Agency 2022 Mutual Emergency Response Organization Practical Test Excellence Award (Taiwan).

National Award, 1st place, Linde Gaz Romania Srl, Category: Industry, Large Enterprises, Manufacture of industrial gases.

Recognition for 30 million USD Tower of Export Award from the 59th Trade Day Celebration held by the Korea International Trade.

Recognition from InvestKL Highest Realized Investment award for exceptional commitment to investment, job creation, innovation and excellence in Greater Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia).

Recognition from Ministry of Health Indonesia for Linde Indonesia for oxygen supply in handling COVID 19.

Recognition from National Technical Committee on Semiconductor of Standardization Administration of China for Participating in Developing.

Recognition Appreciation Award from Local Office Government to Linde Vietnam for all effort in ensuring steady supply of medical O during the pandemic.

Silver Recognition from Banten Province to Cilegon site for P2 COVID (COVID Advisory Committee) Award (Indonesia).

Sustainable Environmental and Safety Organization 2022 by the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand: Linde HyCO and Rayong CSCM Gold.

Timis County Award, 1st place, Linde Gaz Romania Srl, Category: Industry, Large Enterprises, Manufacture of industrial gases.

Compressed Gas Association 2022 Leonard Parker Pool Safety Awards for Linde plc for the greatest improvement in safety performance during the previous two years, category of companies with more than 2 million employee exposure hours (United States).

Compressed Gas Association: more than 200 individual 2022 Safe Facility Performance Awards for sites in the United States and Canada, ranging from Bronze (250,000 hours or 5 years with no lost time work accidents) to Palladium (2.5 million hours or 50 years with no lost time work accidents).

Exemplary Organization of Safe Production Target Management for the Julan site in Lu'an Economic and Technological Development Zone in 2022 (China).

Award of Excellence for occupational Safety and Health from Saitama Labor Burau Japan, PST Okegawa.

Bronze recognition from the Occupational Safety and Health Division, Ministry of Labor, for Zero Accident Campaign to Thailand 2022:.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Bronze certificates for 5 years of operation without an incident for Linde Gas in.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Gold Nine Star certificate for 5.5 million hours worked without a lost time incident (LTI) for Linde Gas in Timisoara (Romania).

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Gold Three Star certificate for 2.5 million hours worked without a lost time incident for.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Gold recognition for 1 million hours without a lost time incident for Linde Gaz in.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) Company Safety Award 2022 recognizing the lowest lost time accident rates for category 2 members for Linde Gas AB (Sweden).

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) Company Safety Award 2022 recognizing the lowest lost time accident rates for category 3 members for Linde Portugal, LDA (Portugal).

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) Road Safety Award 2022 for the bulk fleet with five million kilometers without accident for.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) Road Safety Award 2022 for the bulk fleet with five million kilometers without accident for.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) Road Safety Award 2022 for the cylinder fleet with two million kilometers without accident for.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Silver certificate for 10 years of operation without an incident for Linde Gaz in Galati.

European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA) 2022 Silver certificates for 500,000 hours without a lost time incident for BOC Ltd. in.

Excellent Safety Supervisor Award of Wuhu City (China).

Outstanding Safety Award to LLH CSOT T 4 Project Team from CSOT (China Star Optoelectronics Technology).

Recognition ACHS (Asociaci n Chilena de Seguridad) Recognition granted to Linde Chile for the Commitment to Safety and Development of a Preventive Culture.

Recognition from Banten Province to Cilegon site for P2K3 (Occupational Safety and Health Advisory Committee) Award 2022 (Indonesia).

Suppliers Excellence Awards 2022 (Chile) Reconocimiento Minera Sierra Gorda.

Linde strives to create a work environment that treats all employees with respect, supports new thoughts and ideas, encourages growth and development, recognizes our differences, and embraces inclusion.

Internally, Linde works to ensure that we remain an employer of choice for the ever increasing pool of diverse global talent and the company has many initiatives and programs internally to promote diversity and inclusion.

Linde’s commitment to diversity also extends to its supply chain.

The company has had a supplier diversity program for more than a decade.

It is a key part of how we engage existing suppliers, as well as potential new providers of goods and services.

Globally, the company continues to identify and enhance supplier diversity initiatives in areas with emerging programs and or the potential to develop them.

In the United States, the company is a member of the Regional Councils of Minority Supplier Development Council (MSDC), Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) and National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC).

Linde continues to promote internal programs for diverse suppliers seeking sales opportunities, including, but not limited to, service geography, description of business capabilities and acquired certifications.

Coupled with the company's existing business matchmaker program, the advanced business information has continued to provide opportunities for the company's procurement team and operations personnel to more efficiently identify experienced candidates for requests for proposals, leading to a higher percentage of diverse suppliers offering proposals and ultimately being awarded contracts.

Efforts are also active outside of the U.S. For example, in South Africa, Afrox has achieved Level 1 on the Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment (BBBEE) score card for the third year in a row.

The BBBEE program is meant to improve diversity in the workplace, implement skills development, corporate social responsibility programs and providing business opportunities to the previously disadvantaged black owned business.

These efforts, led by talented champions like Mila, Anne, and Makhula celebrate the value of inclusion inside Linde and within our valued supply chain.

Pictured are Makhula Magaoga, Procurement Director, Afrox Mila Park, Manager, Global Diversity Equity and Inclusion and Anne Will, Manager, Supplier Diversity (from left to right).

Financial performance is reported in Linde's financial reports.

The economic dimension of sustainability is broader: it concerns the organization's impacts on the economic conditions of its stakeholders and on economic systems at the local, national and global levels.

The Economic category illustrates the flow of capital among different stakeholders as well as the main economic impacts of the organization on investors, governments, employees, customers, suppliers and communities where the company operates or has an effect.

This section reports on Linde's contribution to the sustainability of a larger economic system: its economic performance, market presence and indirect economic impacts.

Linde's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Board of Directors are accountable for the economic health of the company.

Responsibility for performance lies with the businesses.

Sustainability and the Center of Excellence (COE), and Procurement leadership.

Integrity is a corporate value, an expectation of behavior and non negotiable.

Linde’s Code of Business Integrity (CBI) affirms its commitment to fairness, transparency and trust as the basis for growth and prosperity for employees, customers, suppliers, markets and its communities.

Directors is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the CBI.

Its responsibilities include the periodic review of the policy and overseeing management’s preventive, reporting, investigation and resolution programs for implementing this policy.

The CBI is posted on the company website and is communicated to employees.

It provides clear instructions on expected behaviors to conform with the CBI and for reporting concerns about potential non conformance.

Employees also receive training and certification to the CBI.

Subcontractors and other stakeholders are expected to follow this standard.

The Board Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the processes and results for certification of employees’ understanding of, and compliance with, the company’s Business Integrity and Ethics Policy.

Linde has appointed a CCO within the Legal department.

The CCO reports to the EVP and Chief Legal Officer, who reports to the CEO.

Compliance with policies prohibiting corruption or anti competitive behavior and the maintenance of Linde's reputation for strong ethics and integrity are managed under the CCO, who also oversees compliance with policies related to the CBI, including human rights.

Linde’s Human Rights Policy is publicly available, and the vice president, Sustainability, manages the periodic review of this policy.

The Board’s Audit Committee reviews the company’s key compliance risks and compliance program, including its design, implementation and effectiveness, with the CCO and the EVP and Chief Legal Officer.

Linde follows the law and is governed by all applicable local laws wherever it is located.

If there is a conflict between local law and the CBI or company policy, Linde follows the stricter standard within the framework of the applicable laws.

The issues of information and cybersecurity fall under the remit of the Board Audit Committee.

In addition, the full Board reviews cybersecurity as part of its regular risk reviews.

Linde has appointed a Global Chief Information Officer (CIO) reporting to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO).

The CIO is the senior functional head of information and cybersecurity.

Linde's executive annual variable compensation is impacted by performance in non financial areas considered to be Strategic Business Objectives.

These include achieving best in class performance in several areas, including global compliance.

Policies, Commitments, Goals and Targets Linde’s CBI and Supplier Code of Conduct are provided on its website at: http: www.linde.com.

Linde's economic PF is Integrity and Compliance, which has a related SD 2028 target.

In addition, several of the climate change targets are economic and environmental.

This section reports against the relevant GRI Standards for these PFs, in addition to GRI disclosures that are not PFs but that may be of interest to various external stakeholders.

Mechanisms for Grievance and Recourse2 25 Values and policies are actively communicated to employees around the world to outline Linde's expectations of conduct wherever it does business.

Linde takes these standards very seriously, and non compliance can result in severe disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Its employees are actively encouraged to report suspected complaints and concerns, or to anonymously report violations, through a number of channels, including the Integrity Hotline.

It also encourages customers, vendors or other observers to use the hotline to submit complaints or allegations about these or other matters.

Linde’s CBI also prohibits retaliation for reporting.

The company provides an annual report of Linde incidences of substantiated hotline reports on its website at: http: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center hotline reports.

These are described in the following Economic disclosures.

See 2022 Annual Report (10K) at https: investors.linde.com media linde investors documents full year financial reports 2020 linde annual report to shareholders.pdf la en for consolidated financial statements.

See also EC (1) for earnings per share (EPS) performance.

Linde is a leading industrial gases and engineering company with more than 65,000 employees globally, serving customers in more than 80 countries worldwide.

Linde delivers innovative and sustainable solutions to customers and creates long term value for all stakeholders.

The company is making our world more productive by providing products, technologies and services that help customers improve their economic and environmental performance in a connected world.

The nature of Linde’s industrial gases business is substantially local.

As a result, Linde generates income and pays taxes in jurisdictions in which it has business operations.

In case of cross border transactions, the respective Linde parties endeavor to comply with the applicable transfer price regimes, including transfer price determination rules.

Linde’s business, particularly within the industrial gases segment, is capital intensive.

Linde believes that capital investment provides the basis for economic growth hence the company supports tax policies that promote capital investment.

Linde is committed to developing new technologies that help its customers increase productivity and achieve environmental benefits in a wide range of industries.

Linde also supports tax policies that promote innovation and protect the value of intellectual property.

Linde’s intellectual property assets are primarily developed and maintained in the U.S. and Germany, both geographies that are not typically regarded as low tax countries.

Transfer of these assets to low tax jurisdictions is not part of Linde’s tax planning.

Linde, as a multinational company, supports the continued expansion of a network of bilateral income tax treaties to reduce barriers to cross border investment and eliminate double taxation.

For all these reasons, Linde advocates for tax policies that drive economic growth, particularly in areas of increased engineering efficiency and enhanced local production and development.

Linde has adopted a Code of Business Integrity (CBI), as well as its corporate vision, mission and values safety, integrity, accountability, inclusion and community.

The principles in the CBI set out Linde’s commitment to integrity, to its employees, to the company, to its customers and partners and to its communities.

The CBI provides guidance and insight to navigate compliance and ethical questions and to promote an overall culture of compliance.

One key guiding principle is full compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

In line with its CBI, Linde manages its tax affairs in a responsible and transparent manner that complies with applicable tax legislation.

Linde maintains processes and controls designed to minimize the risk of errors that could impact the amount of tax that it pays.

These processes and controls are regularly monitored, reviewed and tested, and support the preparation and submission of its tax returns.

Linde has a responsibility to its shareholders to maximize returns and structure its affairs in an efficient manner, including taxes.

Linde’s effective tax rate and tax exposures are reviewed annually with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

Linde discloses its effective tax rate publicly, together with the associated risks for the company’s future tax rate, in the company’s 2022 Annual Report (10K) on its website.

In 2022, the Linde Global Giving Program donated approximately 7 percent of Global Giving funds toward efforts to increase diversity and inclusion.

Approximately one third of the funding was directed to education, and approximately 9 percent was directed to the environment.

Each of these three areas directly complements the company's strategic focus for philanthropy.

The balance provided impact in communities through targeted community support, healthcare support and other areas support for disaster relief in 2022 represented about 9 percent of charitable giving.

Linde also reports the breakdown of Global Giving support by region.

See also 413 1 for information on community engagement.

See also 203 1 for information on indirect economic impacts.

The document is available on its website at the end of July at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2023 cdp response climate change.pdf.

Further detail is provided in Note 16 in Linde’s 10K filing.

Dependent upon the business and date of hire, employees may participate in various programs, which may include defined benefits and contributions.

Retirement coverage for employees of the company’s international subsidiaries is provided by those companies through separate plans that are typical for the country of employment.

BMBF Department of Economy BMWI in Germany) to sponsor innovation.

Linde also periodically receives local, state, country or regional economic development incentives related to capital investments.

Linde's CBI reinforces its commitment to provide equal employment opportunity, and we recruit, hire, promote and compensate people based solely on merit and ability.

Diversity Inclusion Guidelines, provided on its website at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents diversity and inclusion linde_global_di_policy.pdf la en.

See also Linde’s Human Rights Policy, provided on its website at: https: www.linde.com sustainable development policies and position statements human rights policy.

Linde’s compensation policy assigns jobs into pay levels based on job descriptions so that people performing the same type of job functions are in the same pay range, regardless of age, gender or race.

To ensure that its compensation policy is being appropriately administered, the company conducts annual pay equity analyses in the U.S. and in other countries where required by law.

Many country or regional business leaders are local or regional nationals.

In hiring and promoting, the company considers local leadership, who understand the culture and business practices of the area.

This provides ideal role models for the local workforce and offers a more cost effective option than moving leaders from another country.

Train and develop current workforce for advancement.

Offer opportunities for language learning to promote the ability to operate effectively in a multi national environment.

Create opportunities for high potential local nationals to have special assignments outside their home countries.

Collaborate with educational programs to develop the local workforce.

A significant portion of the company's applications support the development of social and economic infrastructures.

Linde gases help to enable safe drinking water for more than 230 million people each day.

Industrial and specialty gases enable cleaner and more efficient economic growth in industries from cement to steel.

Linde applications are also integral to the development of future energy infrastructures (e.g., applications for renewable energy and second generation biofuels).

The company is committed to improving the quality of life in the communities it serves.

Through financial contributions and the volunteer efforts of employees, Linde supports programs that address diversity, education, the environment and community resilience all important aspects of community sustainability.

In 2022, the company’s Global Giving Program contributed 10.4 million to a range of programs and charitable organizations worldwide.

See 201 1 for information on how the Global Giving contribution was distributed by focus area and business region.

Employee and facility business contributions from community engagement projects were estimated at more than 3 million, and the dollar value of employee and facility in kind contributions, such as food, clothing and supplies, was estimated at more than 500,000.

Global Giving also tracked more than 450,000 in in kind contributions of Linde products.

The total Linde contribution, including in kind contributions but not volunteer time, is estimated at approximately 14.4 million.

The estimated value of volunteer time is more than 1.6 million.

Linde's business helps countries modernize with technologies that enable environmentally responsible economic growth.

Linde provides careers and associated benefits to more than 65,000 employees, many of whom are hired locally, as well as benefits to thousands of retirees.

Indirect benefits accrue to Linde’s vendors (also, often, contracted locally), as well as customers, shareholders and communities in which the company operates.

For descriptions of how Linde's business model enables indirect economic, social and environmental benefits, see pages 10 and 11.

Most emerging economy business leaders are host country or regional nationals.

Substantially all contract drivers, and most contract construction workers, are sourced locally.

Linde employee volunteers provided a range of benefits to approximately 350,000 people, mostly in communities local to Linde sites.

All Linde community engagement projects are encouraged to help meet specific needs identified by community leaders, but there is no science to measure the impact of community outreach.

Linde uses a methodology developed by the London Benchmarking Group (LBG) to evaluate the indirect economic, environmental and social impacts of its community engagement activity for the company, its employees and beneficiaries (see 413 1 and 413 2).

In 2022, for 92 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement had a direct positive impact on recipients' quality of life.

In approximately 82 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement provided the beneficiaries with value that could lead to economic benefits, such as job skills or opportunities for personal growth.

In 2022, Linde employees delivered approximately 489 such projects.

Many of the projects directed towards education support Linde's contribution to SDG Target 8 to achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men.

The significance of Linde's economic and governance PFs and targets in the context of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities is explained in the Materiality, Priorities and Targets: SD 2028 section, page 17.

Policy Linde’s Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code) is available on its website at: https: www.linde.com about linde global procurement.

Suppliers, contractors and third parties play a critical role in Linde’s ability to operate and provide products and services to its customers.

Suppliers' actions and practices also reflect on Linde.

Therefore, the company chooses suppliers carefully based on merit and a due diligence process.

Linde expects suppliers to comply with legal requirements and to act in a manner that is consistent with Linde’s values and the principles outlined in its Supplier Code and CBI.

The Supplier Code defines Linde’s basic requirements for its suppliers concerning their responsibilities towards Linde and its stakeholders, societies and the environment.

As part of the standard documentation for all new and renewing contracts, suppliers must comply with the principles outlined in the Supplier Code and with Linde’s CBI or equivalent policies of their own.

Specific expectations are laid out for Integrity and Legal Compliance Human Rights and Labor Standards Health, Safety and Environment Accuracy of Books and Records Intellectual Property and Supply Chain.

Local Sourcing Linde works with suppliers in many countries in which it does business more than 80 countries.

This reflects the nature of Linde's industrial gas products: it is generally not economical to transport them distances greater than a few hundred miles from the production facility.

As a result, the company invests in building local facilities and hires locally for management, employees and contractors.

The most significant sets of suppliers from the point of view of local talent sourcing are facility construction contractors and contract drivers.

Installation of new equipment, as well as ongoing maintenance, is largely performed by local suppliers.

Asia Pacific countries in EMEA (except for Germany and the U.K.) in South America and in parts of Central America.

The company invests in supplier capacity building to raise performance standards and share benefits at the same time.

The company also values opportunities to engage suppliers and team members to better understand product offerings and applications.

Past examples of supplier collaboration include the Supplier Innovation Fair at the Linde Technology Center, where suppliers discussed technology topics with Linde team members.

As part of overall efforts to lower CO2 emissions, Procurement teams often work with distribution management and other team members on efforts to reduce fleet emissions, such as procuring renewable fuels.

Providing innovative and valuable solutions for customers around the globe requires diverse talents, perspectives and experiences.

Linde supports programs that assist it in fostering relationships with a variety of qualified, diverse businesses for its supply chain around the globe.

Linde's Supplier Diversity Program in the U.S. encourages and supports the use of a variety of qualified distinct business enterprises.

It seeks to provide maximum practical opportunities for diverse businesses to participate in the supply of goods and or services that support the company's business model.

The program has championed companies classified as small and diverse businesses for nearly two decades.

The vice president and controller serves as the small business liaison officer and oversees the Small Business Subcontracting Program.

On an annual basis, in collaboration with management and support staff from the company’s Procurement team, a detailed small business subcontracting plan is established with practical goals that the company strives to achieve with small businesses in procuring designated commodities.

In 2022, the company spent a total of 664 million with small and diverse business enterprises.

Approximately 537 million was procured from U.S. small businesses, representing products and services that covered approximately 800 different commodities and services.

Some companies that identified as small also identified as a veteran owned or service disabled veteran owned businesses, corresponding to nearly 8 percent of total small business spend, or 43 million.

Approximately 57 million was spent with women owned businesses.

Additionally, 82 million was spent with minority owned businesses, including businesses identifying as ethnic minorities or non ethnic minorities, such as LGBTQ, persons with disabilities, or disadvantaged.

The company's U.S. Procurement team has collaborated with its global affiliates to understand the supplier diversity landscape and opportunities in each country in which it operates.

By leveraging the knowledge and skills of the company's diverse employee population and continuing to provide cultural awareness training around the world, the company strives to achieve an organically inclusive environment where diversity is recognized as a valuable asset and competitive advantage in its supply chain.

Outreach and capacity building with the company's prime supplier population allowed for the sharing of best practices in supplier diversity and yielded a commitment to enhance or establish mutually beneficial diversity metrics from suppliers with whom the company spends 1 million or more with annually.

In 2022, the company continued its Tier 2 diverse spend reporting program with U.S. prime suppliers, demonstrating the company's long term commitment of sustaining diversity and inclusion in its supply chain.

The program's goal is to develop diverse suppliers, beyond the company's direct supplier relationships, by providing additional economic growth opportunities.

Over the course of the year, the program identified 48 million in combined direct and indirect diverse spend.

Sixteen prime suppliers from various industry sectors, including telecom, logistics, and healthcare, participated in the program.

Capturing this information has allowed the team to advance its supplier diversity program for validating and tracking the company’s spend with diverse businesses and has helped to identify collaboration opportunities with companies that have established supplier diversity programs.

Linde works hard to deepen relationships with suppliers and contractors while ensuring that they meet its standards and business values.

This brings multiple benefits to the company and to the communities near to its operations.

Linde puts a high priority on evaluating risks associated with its supply chain and collaborates with suppliers and other stakeholders where its involvement can make the most impact.

On a regular basis, Linde works with its carriers on safety training, initiatives and sharing best practices to continuously improve upon operational efficiency, reduce environmental hazards and promote security and human rights.

Linde also works cooperatively with selected key suppliers in efforts to better understand and calculate its Scope 3 inventory.

Linde has improved its efforts to calculate Scope 3 emissions for a broad range of its supplies based on an enhanced methodology that considers geographic origin as well as economic sector.

Through direct engagement and capacity building, Linde has been successful in advancing supplier awareness of environmental and climate change topics and continues to improve the data accuracy of its Scope 3 emissions accounting.

Such engagements can unearth win win approaches to reduce resources and provide social and environmental benefits throughout the supply chain.

Worldwide contractor safety training: One hundred percent of contract drivers, and most contract construction workers, are hired from local firms.

In addition to the jobs provided to locally based construction workers and drivers, in 2022, Linde invested nearly 2 million hours in safety training to contractors in several categories.

This included more than 60,000 instances of training for contractors.

Contractor training averaged approximately 30 hours per year, nearly a work week.

If each contractor hour costs Linde 20, this investment can be estimated at more than 32 million.

In all cases, this training is directed towards achieving safer construction of Linde facilities and safer, more secure and more fuel efficient transportation of Linde products.

Linde’s world class results for contractor and driver safety are a measurable consequence of this investment.

In addition, the safety and other professional driver training results in a transfer of professional skills that increases the employability of the recipient.

For information on supplier and contractor training, see 414 2.

Potential risks related to corruption are an explicit focus.

A Compliance Review Board (CRB) performs quarterly regulatory risk assessments.

Dedicated Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and anti bribery audits are also conducted.

In the last 12 years, 40 audits have been conducted, which is more than three audits per year on average.

Linde operates in certain jurisdictions identified as high risk based on the Corruption Perception Index from Transparency International.

The company has not identified significant risks other than regular risks that are dealt with through training and certifications of employees.

In 2022, Linde’s Board of Directors received training on the CBI, which includes anti corruption policies and procedures.

The company also trains all its relevant employees globally on anti corruption.

The company has an established process to conduct thorough due diligence prior to contracting third parties and agents who interact with the government on the company’s behalf.

Linde’s CBI applies to the company’s directors and employees, including its CEO, CFO and the vice president and controller.

This CBI, which includes elements of compliance with laws, business integrity and ethics, has been approved by the Linde Board of Directors.

To assist employees and directors in complying with this code of ethics, management periodically develops specific standards implementing certain provisions of the code.

One hundred percent of Linde management and relevant employees are required to annually certify that they have read and understand the company’s CBI, which includes a rigorous outline of the FCPA and anti bribery laws.

Training to targeted populations was conducted in 2022 the company trained 100 percent of the targeted population.

Linde takes its commitment to integrity very seriously.

Non compliance with the CBI, depending on the circumstances, can result in serious disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.

Employees are actively encouraged to report suspected complaints and concerns and are expected to report violations through a number of channels, including the Integrity Hotline.

Reports through the Integrity Hotline may be made anonymously.

It is a violation of company policy for any person to retaliate against any individual who has reported any matter in good faith.

Table SOC (12) provides the aggregate number of hotline reports and a summary of the types of reports received see 406 1.

All hotline reports are promptly handled, and identified issues are addressed.

Further details are not provided in Linde’s public reporting as they are business confidential.

No confirmed incidents of violation of anti corruption laws occurred in 2022.

Also refer to the Contingent Liabilities section of Linde’s annual 10K filing.

Water management is championed by team members at Iguatama, including: Wellington Batista, Lorrick Cruz, Paulo Muniz, Geraldo Alves and Peixoto (from left to right).

Water scarcity and lack of access to clean water are global challenges affecting individuals, communities, and industries, and the availability of water is projected to be further impaired by the effects of climate change.

Linde utilizes water in its operations, primarily for cooling processes and in hydrogen production and makes efforts to conserve water and minimize impacts.

As a result, more than 75 percent of global freshwater withdrawal is returned to its original source, at the same or better quality.

Even so, responsible management of water is an essential element of Linde’s sustainability strategy, and Linde has an SD 2028 target to implement water management plans at sites located in areas of high water stress with relatively high water withdrawal (more than 50,000 cubic meters of water per year).

The White Martins Linde South America team took the initiative to add additional sites based on their assessment of water stress conditions.

Implemented in 2016, the program includes eleven plants that have all developed action plans for water reuse and waste prevention, in addition to improving measurement in all processes, both sanitary and industrial.

Plants are located in Brazil and other South American countries.

The meticulous control of resource consumption and optimization actions provide an improvement in the efficiency of operations.

Examples of initiatives include use of rainwater and condensate from other stages of the operation, robust maintenance and leak repair detection processes, in which the team has had much success.

In more than seven years of implementation of the project in South Latin America, the teams have realized savings of more than 2.3 million cubic meters of water, the equivalent of more than 900 Olympic swimming pools.

Teams are proud of the positive impacts on the local communities and ecosystems.

Located in Minas Gerais, Brazil, White Martins’ Iguatama facility is one of the largest calcium carbide plants in Latin America and was an early enrollee to the program.

In 2022, the plant designed a closed loop system, reusing water, which minimizes both withdrawal from and discharge to the S o Francisco River, an important Brazilian watercourse.

So far, this action has saved the equivalent of more than 25 million liters of water.

Environmental Management approach for material topics 3 3 The environmental dimension of sustainability concerns an organization’s impacts on natural systems, including ecosystems, land, air and water.

Linde’s business depends on a natural resource (the air), and the company’s mission and business model both aim to create more value with fewer resources.

Its PFs in sustainable development include a range of environmental topics aimed at reducing operational environmental impacts and maximizing environmental contributions the benefits that Linde applications bring to customers and to the planet.

Organizational Responsibility, Accountability and Incentives Linde’s CEO and the Board of Directors are accountable for environmental issues impacting the company.

Linde’s full Board of Directors has responsibility for reviewing safety and environmental risk at each Board meeting.

Responsibility for performance lies within the businesses.

Performance is consolidated and reported to the Executive Leadership Team and to the Board.

Linde’s EVP and CHRO is the most senior officer responsible for environmental issues globally.

Respective members of the executive leadership are responsible for the regional operating segments of the Americas, APAC, and EMEA, as well as Engineering, and for Clean Energy and corporate functions, including Legal and Human Resources.

Linde’s Business Leadership Team is responsible for business operations across the globe.

Linde’s environmental compliance and management are managed under the vice president, SHEQ, who reports to the CHRO.

The SHEQ organization develops and maintains consistent methodologies, procedures and reporting.

Safety is one of Linde’s values and is, therefore, non negotiable.

We are driven to ensure that our actions do not harm people, the environment or the communities in which we operate.

Linde’s water program and water target are led and jointly maintained by the COE and Sustainable Development (SD).

The COE also leads and maintains its program in Sustainable Productivity.

The Zero Waste program is led and maintained by Sustainable Development.

Linde’s Sustainable Development Management System (SDMS) provides a monthly dashboard to review performance towards environmental targets.

Climate change targets are also reported monthly from the SDMS to the finance organization and to the CFO.

Linde’s executive annual variable compensation is impacted by performance in non financial areas considered to be Strategic Business Objectives.

These include achieving best in class performance in several areas, including productivity and environmental responsibility.

Linde’s 2022 compensation program design included a new component measuring annual performance against pre established goals related to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

This component comprised 20% of the strategic non financial performance payout.

Linde has a CBI and a global Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Policy, both with commitments to environmental stewardship.

Sustainable Development and Climate Change Position Statement.

As described in Materiality, Priorities and Targets: SD 2028, on page 17, Linde’s Environmental PFs are Climate Change and Safety, Health Environment,.

Each of these PFs has related SD 2028 targets see Performance Towards Targets on page 26.

Standards for these PFs, in addition to GRI disclosures that are not PFs but that may be of interest to various external stakeholders.

Mechanisms for Grievance and Recourse 2 25 Linde policies are communicated to employees around the world to outline its expectations of conduct wherever it does business.

It takes these standards very seriously, and non compliance can result in severe disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

The company also encourages customers, vendors or other observers to use the hotline to submit complaints or allegations about these or other matters.

The company provides an annual report of Linde incidences of substantiated hotline reports on its website at: http: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center hotline reports.

In addition to the material below, see the following environmental disclosures.

Onboarding and ongoing training are conducted as part of the SDMS.

Environmental Management System (EMS) Linde’s strong global environmental management system (EMS) ensures that measures are in place to enable pollution prevention and control, the responsible management of direct and indirect atmospheric emissions and waste, the protection of natural resources and biodiversity, and the management of environmental impacts from transportation or from the use and disposal of products and services.

Linde is a member of the chemical industry Responsible Care program.

It strives to continually improve its health, safety and environmental performance listen and respond to public concerns work with customers, carriers, suppliers, distributors and contractors to foster the safe and secure use, transport and disposal of chemicals achieve optimum environmental performance and report goals and progress to the public.

Linde’s global EMS conforms to the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC’s) Responsible Care Management System (RCMS) and is aligned with ISO 14001, the international standard for Environmental Management Systems (EMSs).

External EMS Certification As a member of the ACC, Linde’s safety, health, environment and security (SHES) management system is audited by an accredited third party to ensure compliance with the ACC RCMS.

Linde was audited by Quality Systems Registrars per the requirements of the RCMS, most recently in October 2022 (the certification cycle is 3 years).

RCMS audits for ACC include Linde’s Danbury, Connecticut, corporate office and a representative sampling of sites in the U.S. and Canada.

The scope of the audit includes sites that manufacture and distribute industrial gases per the RCMS Technical Specification (TC) RC 101.03.

As an outcome of the RCMS audit, Linde’s SHES management system in the U.S. and Canada has been recognized as compliant with ACC requirements (see https: www.linde.com about linde safety and environment).

Linde is signatory to and in compliance with the Responsible Care Global Charter, which includes active participation in Responsible Care programs in all countries where programs exist and where Linde has significant business interests.

Linde businesses around the world conform to Linde’s worldwide SHES management system.

In the company’s major markets, they are certified to the international EMS standard, ISO 14001, to national standards for EMSs or to other related standards.

Our EMEA countries hold several certifications to ISO and other International Standards.

Germany, for example, is externally certified to ISO 50001, the international standard for energy management systems, as well as ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 9001.

Linde Engineering has obtained external certification to ISO 14001, ISO 9001 and International Occupational Health and Safety Standards.

White Martins sites in Brazil maintain certifications to ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 9001 and other quality standards.

Mexico sites are certified to their national environmental agency PROFEPA Clean Industry Standard.

By revenue, 87 percent of Linde’s worldwide gases production and engineering sites are externally certified to RCMS, ISO 14001 or an equivalent national standard.

All Linde sites, and other sites where Linde is a majority shareholder, are subject to evaluation for safety, environment and quality (the latter for compliance with local medical regulations, where applicable).

Quarterly assessment reports are provided to senior management.

The full Board is committed to review safety and environmental risks at each board meeting.

Regular assessments are a requirement of Linde’s SHEQ standards and help ensure consistently high standards in all areas of safety, environmental protection, security and compliance.

Linde’s internal SHEQ assessment program includes type A and B assessments and facility self assessments.

Type A assessments are led by Global SHEQ staff or their designated agent.

Type B assessments are led by a member of one of the global Bus.

Both type A and B assessments are independent of the facility being audited, and the number of these assessments is tracked by Global SHEQ.

Facility self assessments are also conducted by local or regional personnel to help facilities self identify areas in need of improvement and are not tracked outside of the local operating unit.

In 2022, Linde conducted 93 A assessment audits, all at Linde sites, and 271 internal B assessment audits as per business safety plans.

External Environmental Data Assurance Linde’s environmental Key Performance Indicators (eKPIs) are externally assured.

See 2 5 for the verification letter and https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2022 ekpi assurance statement.pdf.

The company reports violations with significant fines in the year the violation occurred (not the year the fine was paid).

Significant fines are those costing more than 10,000.

There were no significant fines assessed to Linde for non compliance with environmental laws or regulations that occurred in 2022.

Linde is not aware of any non monetary sanctions for environmental non compliance or any actions brought through dispute resolution mechanisms involving an independent third party review.

Linde’s environmental performance year on year can best be evaluated on an intensity basis versus revenue.

In addition, Linde’s business model is resource efficiency to make more value than it consumes.

The environmental and other benefits of Linde applications are described in the Business Model section on pages 12 and 13, the Creating Economic, Environmental and Social Value section on page 9, and the Linde Applications Enable 2X Carbon Productivity section on page 21.

Linde’s reporting boundaries for eKPIs are consistent with the financial reporting boundaries and financial control definition to the greatest extent possible.

Linde reports on all eKPIs for all subsidiaries, joint ventures (JVs) and other holdings within its organizational boundaries whose revenues and Earnings Before Interests and Taxes (EBIT) are included in Linde’s financial results.

Linde does not collect eKPI data for minority holdings and other holdings that are not reporting their financials.

EKPIs for JVs, which are not fully consolidated into the company financials (at equity JVs), are collected but are only included in external greenhouse gas (GHG) reporting under Scope 3.

Raw materials are procured through a global Procurement organization under global Procurement standards and expectations that include requirements for material sustainability.

Linde has supplier expectations that manage sustainability in its supply chain.

Linde estimates that approximately 1 percent by weight of the raw materials used in 2022 were non renewable, including natural gas and naphtha, which are used in hydrogen production, and helium that is recovered from natural gas deposits.

Linde also builds air separation units (ASUs) and steam methane reformers (SMRs).

Construction materials for these are generally from non renewable sources: aluminum, carbon steel, stainless steel, copper and brass alloys, brass and metals.

Ninety nine percent by weight of the raw materials used in 2022 to produce gaseous nitrogen, oxygen, argon, carbon dioxide and hydrogen were renewable raw materials.

Renewable raw materials used by Linde include air, water, carbon dioxide and hydrogen.

Technologies and low volume products, such as acetylene.

Using air as its raw material, Linde produces oxygen, nitrogen, argon and rare gases through several air separation processes, of which cryogenic air separation is the most prevalent.

As air is a renewable natural resource, there is no negative environmental consequence to using this raw material.

Process gases, including carbon dioxide, hydrogen, carbon monoxide, helium, specialty gases and acetylene, are produced by methods other than air separation.

In many cases, these are sourced as an industrial byproduct or waste.

Some of these byproduct sources are renewable, but all offer a means to reuse products that would otherwise have been waste.

The volumes of process gases procured are considered business confidential.

Most carbon dioxide is purchased from byproduct sources, including chemical plants, refineries and industrial processes.

These byproduct sources include ethanol manufacturing facilities, where the waste carbon dioxide is considered renewable.

Hydrogen and carbon monoxide are produced by either steam methane reforming of natural gas or by purifying byproduct sources obtained from the chemical and petrochemical industries.

In 2022, Linde procured 19 percent byproduct hydrogen.

In the U.S., for example, it is sourced from helium rich natural gas streams.

Acetylene can be produced from calcium carbide and water.

A significant percentage is purchased as a chemical byproduct.

As part of its sustainable supply chain program, Linde’s Procurement organization works with vendors to reduce consumption of upstream, non renewable natural resources.

For some of its business lines, Linde actively sources recycled input materials by using byproducts from other industrial processes.

The total weight of these byproducts as a percentage of total material use is not reported here.

Most Linde carbon dioxide sold in the U.S. was sourced from ethanol fermentation (a biomass source).

As a business, Linde is constantly researching innovative ways to expand the use of this application.

Most gases are transported in pipelines or trucks and use little packaging.

Cylinder products are typically transported by truck.

Linde has a large engineering business, which designs and constructs new production plants.

When building a new plant, the focus is put on the re use of parts components from other dissembled plants (e.g., refurbished parts) as much as possible.

At the end of life of a production facility, parts and components are checked, refurbished if required, and directly re used or put in stock for future usage.

Thus, most of the materials are recycled and become input materials (e.g., for new plants).

In order to avoid procurement of new materials, the company has established several asset management programs that are actively identifying idle assets (e.g., cylinders) to ensure that they are put back into use rather than purchasing new materials.

The programs actively track all assets, are well reported and yield good results.

Linde delivers most of its product in pipelines or bulk trucks, or in cylinders.

As the products are consumable, there is nothing to reclaim and no packaging material for the majority of products.

For the packaged gases product lines, either disposable cylinders or reusable cylinders are utilized.

The metal cylinders last about 40 years, are returnable and are typically reused multiple times.

Linde runs several large cylinder refurbishment centers worldwide as well as many smaller test shops and repair centers in many countries.

In its cylinder test shop in Wolverhampton, U.K., Linde typically has refurbished about 500,000 cylinders annually in order to avoid unnecessary scrapping.

Fuel Consumption Linde’s total non renewable fuel consumption in 2022 was 19.7 million MWh or 70.9 million GJ.

This figure represents energy consumption and excludes fuel consumed as a feedstock for production.

Fuel types used included natural gas, diesel, oil and other, which includes naphtha and other refinery fuel gas.

Linde consumed a negligible amount (200 MWh) of renewable fuels for such purposes in 2022.

Total non renewable electricity consumed in 2022 was approximately 38.6 million MWh, or 139 million GJ.

Total active renewable electricity purchased in 2022 was 3.3 million MWh, or 11.9 million GJ.

Linde also tracks low carbon electricity, which includes both active and passive renewable electricity and nuclear.

Active renewable electricity is classified as electricity procured through Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), directly connected 100 percent renewable electricity supplier contracts or validated green energy certificates, or produced on site using renewable generation.

Passive electricity sources from the grid were calculated using the latest location based renewable or low carbon energy percentages from the IEA or local sources such as eGRID or, where available, plant specific, market based renewable electricity or low carbon emissions factors according to the supplier contract utility bill.

In 2022, active renewable electricity was 3.316 million MWh and passive renewable electricity was 9.236 million MWh, for a total of 12.552 million MWh.

MWh of low carbon electricity, of which 1.3 million MWh was actively sourced.

This results in a total of 18 million MWh of low carbon electricity, which represents 43 percent of Linde’s total electricity consumption in 2022.

See Performance Towards Targets, page 26, for information about Linde’s low carbon power sourcing target.

Linde did not consume any heating or cooling in 2022.

Linde consumed 10.03 million MWh, or 36.11 million GJ, of steam in 2022.

Total Energy Consumed Linde consumed a total of 71,671,000 MWh, or 258 million GJ, of energy in 2022.

This is a 2 percent decrease from the previous year.

Linde tracks energy consumption through meters and utility bills, and collects information for each plant and location in a global eKPI system.

Newly constructed plants less than 2 months old and de minimis locations consuming less than 1,500 MWh are excluded from reporting.

Since passive renewables are consumed from the grid, Linde does include this in row b since it did not directly purchase or generate this power.

It is key to Linde’s business to manage both Energy use and energy use in production.

The company considers production volumes to be business confidential.

Internally, energy intensity is tracked monthly and is a basis for Linde’s operational GHG intensity targets see Performance Towards Targets, page 26.

Linde has a 7 percent energy intensity improvement target by 2028 for ASUs.

For more information see Performance Towards Targets, page 26.

Note: This section responds to 303 1 and 303 2 Water sourced from municipal utilities, surface waters and groundwater are considered fresh water ( 1,000 mg L Total Dissolved Solids) all other sources are considered other ( 1,000 mg L Total Dissolved Solids).

For more information on the company’s water impact, interactions with key stakeholders, management approach and commitment to water stewardship, see Linde’s Water Position Statement at: https: www.linde.com sustainable development policies and position statements water position statement, and the most recent CDP Water Security response at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2023 cdp response water security.pdf.

In 2022, Linde withdrew 1,053.3 million m3 of water.

Linde tracks water withdrawals primarily through utility bills.

No water sources were significantly affected by Linde’s withdrawal of water in 2022.

Linde estimates that more than 90 percent of the water withdrawn in 2022 at Linde production plants (excluding once through) was recycled numerous times through cooling towers before discharge.

Overall, water withdrawal increased 8.4 percent compared to 2021.

This was primarily due to new plant startups, including one plant with a significant volume of water in the category other seawater and a second plant with a significant volume of recirculating water in the category other third party.

Linde did not have any unplanned water discharges in 2022.

No water bodies or related habitats were significantly affected by Linde water discharges or runoff in 2022.

Where Linde facilities discharge process water, discharges are governed by discharge permits issued by a regulatory agency.

Linde estimated chemical oxygen demand (COD) at these sites to be 1,900 metric tons in 2022, which is a 12 percent increase from 2021.

Linde discharged 965 million m3 of water in 2022, of which 45.3 million m3 was wastewater.

Linde also discharged once through cooling water back to the source from which it came.

In 2022, 919.7 million m3 of water was discharged in this manner, of which 38 percent was to fresh water sources, 42 percent was to seawater sources, and 20 percent was to third party sources.

Consumption is defined as total water withdrawn minus wastewater discharged, minus once though cooling water that is returned to the original source with no impact on quality.

Consumption increased by 10 percent compared to 2021.

Consumption of fresh water is also reported in EN (6), by separate calculation.

Consumption of fresh water was 104 million m3 in 2022, which is a 4.5 percent increase compared to 2021.

Linde also tracks water withdrawal, discharge and consumption from sites in areas of high water stress, including for fresh water.

Areas of water stress are defined by the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.

Linde determines sites to be in a high water stressed area if the Atlas lists the baseline water stress as high or extremely high.

See page 29 for information on Linde’s target to implement water management plans at high water use sites in areas of high water stress.

Biodiversity Linde’s operations do not have a significant impact on biodiversity.

When planning new sites, processes are in place to ensure that Linde minimizes any potential negative impacts on biodiversity.

Linde follows internationally recognized guidelines when performing its evaluations, such as the Voluntary Guidelines on Biodiversity Inclusive Impact Assessment issued by the United Nations.

Linde’s approach is to avoid operations near protected areas.

In fact, because most of Linde’s sites are located in industrial areas or business parks, protected areas are not typically within close proximity to the facilities.

Linde works to understand possible impacts and to minimize, restore, and or offset them, as appropriate, working with local stakeholders.

This surveillance is conducted at least every 3 years.

The last evaluation, covering more than 600 production sites, established that none of these sites are located in the vicinity of a protected area.

Linde has commenced the periodic reevaluation and is conducting an analysis of production sites with respect to biodiversity impacts in 2023.

For more information on Linde’s position on biodiversity and the importance of ecosystems, see the statement on Linde’s website at: https: www.linde.com sustainable development policies and position statements ecosystems position statement.

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4, 305 5 GHG Inventory Methodology Linde’s GHG emissions disclosures have been prepared based on a reporting year of January 1 to December 31, the same as the financial reporting period.

All GHG emissions figures are in metric tons of CO2e and cover six gases in addition to carbon dioxide (CO2): methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6).

Linde’s GHG emissions information was prepared with reference to the World Resources Institute World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, revised edition (the GHG Protocol ).

Global warming potentials (GWPs) are sourced from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report.

Linde reports on its eKPIs for the last 4 years in order to reflect the trend and development of KPIs.

Linde defined new sustainable development targets in 2019, which set 2018 as a baseline year for the new company’s targets.

Those targets include targets relating to GHG emissions.

The basis for those targets is a 2018 full year pro forma value for the complete merged company according to the final organizational structure.

For performance against GHG targets, see Performance Towards Targets, page 26.

Linde has very small office sites and smaller sales outlets (such as retail outlets) with fewer than five people, called de minimis sites.

Emissions from these sites are negligible and are therefore not included in the GHG inventory.

Restatements are made in accordance with Linde’s GHG Recalculation policy.

Linde’s 2022 GHG inventory was verified by a third party.

In 2023, a Reasonable Assurance was performed on Scopes 1 and 2 and electricity parameters.

A subset of Scope 3 emissions was also verified by a third party to the limited assurance level.

A copy of Linde’s assurance statement is available at the end of this report.

This and other assurance reports may be found separately on the Linde website.

This is mainly attributed to increases in production volumes that were in part offset by efficiency improvements.

The primary source of Scope 1 emissions for Linde is the combustion of natural gas at hydrogen plants, which represented 12.2 million metric tons of Scope 1 emissions in 2022.

Another portion is from ASU plants using natural gas for energy generation, which amounted to 2.3 million metric tons CO2e.

Smaller sources of Scope 1 emissions are other GHGs (e.g., from methane plants or nitrous oxide plants) or other types of GHG emissions that are converted into CO2e.

The total of such other GHG emissions was 0.8 million metric tons in 2022.

Carbon dioxide and other plants caused approximately 0.9 million metric tons.

The combustion of diesel and gasoline from transport activities resulted in approximately 0.6 million metric tons CO2e in 2022.

Scope 1 Emissions Covered by Emissions Limiting Regulations In 2022, 1,516,000 metric tons of Scope 1 emissions (approximately 9 percent) were subject to a form of carbon legislation, over a cap and trade scheme, ETS or a form of carbon taxation.

Approximately 84 percent of these emissions was covered by the EU ETS and U.K. ETS schemes.

Other regulations include the California CAT and the Singapore carbon tax, for example.

Linde, see Linde’s most recent CDP report, which will be available at the end of July at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2023 cdp response climate change.pdf.

Calculation Methodology Hydrogen plants, which represent the largest source of Linde’s Scope 1 emissions, consume natural gas, both for fuel and feedstock.

To determine Scope 1 emissions, the amount of carbon produced as product is subtracted.

In addition, Linde calculates Scope 1 emissions from gas losses (during production and filling processes).

These are calculated for nitrous oxide manufacturing and filling facilities, carbon dioxide plants, on site refrigeration equipment and cylinder filling operations associated with CH4, SF6, PFCs, HFCs and NF3.

To calculate Scope 1 emissions from natural gas, Linde uses the reported natural gas factors from each production plant (depending on the mix of hydrocarbons).

If a specific natural gas factor is not available or known, Linde uses a chemical natural gas to CO2 conversion factor from the Department for Environment, Food Rural Affairs (DEFRA), from the Government of United Kingdom.

For other fuels, Linde uses DEFRA factors to convert to CO2 equivalents.

Emissions from transport are calculated based on actual kilometers driven for commercial and non commercial vehicles, multiplied by average emission factors by vehicle type from the Estimated U.S. Average Vehicle Emissions Rates per Vehicle by Vehicle Type using Gasoline and Diesel (Grams per mile) from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Office of Transportation and Air Quality, personal communication, Apr.

The largest electricity user is ASUs, which account for approximately 90 percent of all electricity used.

These emissions were calculated using the market based approach.

Linde continues to move to market based emissions factors where possible.

In some cases, market based factors may be higher than location based factors and may result in increases in Scope 2 emissions.

Compared to 2021, Scope 2 emissions have decreased, due in changes in production increased sourcing of renewable energy and efficiency improvements.

Linde also calculated Scope 2 emissions for 2022 using the location based approach, which applies IEA factors and eGRID emission factors in the U.S.

Scope 2 emissions calculated with the location based approach were 20.9 million metric tons CO2e in 2022.

The difference between market based and location based emissions are mostly due to certain plants where customers provide the electricity to Linde (which Linde purchases).

Some of these plants have a very high market based emissions factor compared to the location based emissions factor.

Organizational Boundary Linde reports on all electricity and its resulting Scope 2 emissions purchased by the company.

The main methodology for calculating Scope 2 emissions from electricity is the market based approach, using site specific emissions factors by plant according to supplier contracts and utility bills, where available.

For sites where such market based factors are not known, Linde uses the most recent location based factors from the IEA and the EPA’s eGRID factors for the U.S.

Scope 3 emissions increased by approximately 22 percent, primarily due to expanded reporting of all categories of Scope 3.

Relevance and transparency: This includes activity over which Linde has a level of operational control but where the GHG emissions are reported by another party.

Significance: Activities that may have a potentially significant GHG consequence.

In reporting all categories, estimates are provided, even for less significant activities.

Upstream Scope 3 Emissions Linde’s methodologies for upstream Scope 3 emissions are described below.

Scope 3 emissions from fuel and energy related activities (including upstream emissions from purchased fuel, purchased electricity and transmission and distribution losses) are a significant source of Scope 3 emissions for Linde, as Linde’s business is energy intensive, and energy is a significant cost for Linde.

The methodology used is based on the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, Category 3 for Scope 3 emissions caused in the extraction, production and transportation of fuels and energy purchased by Linde.

Scope 3 GHG emissions released into the atmosphere from the production, processing and delivery of energy.

The calculation is done on a site level for each site for which Linde purchases the power.

For thermal energy, a global WTT factor for heat and steam from DEFRA is applied.

For Scope 3 emissions from transport fuels and other fuels consumed (excluding feedstocks), DEFRA factors for fuel and energy related emissions are used per relevant category.

In 2021, Linde defined a new company wide methodology to calculate its Scope 3 Category 1 emissions, as well as expanded its boundaries.

Linde’s Scope 3 Category 1 considers Scope 3 emissions from Linde’s purchased raw materials, which represents more than 95 percent of Linde’s emissions from suppliers in this category.

This includes raw materials and traded items, including healthcare components or hardgoods sold in Linde’s shops, construction components used by Linde Engineering to build customer plants and purchased feedstock natural gas for hydrogen plants and compressed air for air separation plants.

The calculation of carbon emissions from Linde’s raw materials procured (except for natural gas and compressed air feedstock) is now based upon a model utilizing input output tables and data from OECD, EXIOBASE, the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis and World Bank.

CO2e emissions are calculated based on GWP values from IPCC’s AR 5 (2013) for a 100 year time horizon, including carbon feedbacks.

Accounting and Reporting Standard, Category 3 for Scope 3 emissions caused in the extraction, production and transportation of fuels and energy.

Scope 3 emissions based on the energy consumption and the supplier plant specific electricity Scope 2 emissions factors.

The Scope 3 Category 1 value decreased in 2022 compared to the previous year.

This is due to a reclassification of some procurement categories that were previously considered as capital goods that are now correctly disclosed under raw materials, based upon sales patterns.

Linde allocated to a procurement category, such as cylinders, tanks, healthcare, automotive or plant components capitalized, as well as production plants operated by Linde.

Also in 2021, Linde began collecting product specific GHG emissions data from several suppliers of cylinder assets.

The product carbon footprint included the suppliers’ own emissions (based on a product specific calculation) as well as related upstream emissions.

The emissions data obtained directly from suppliers was integrated into the overall Category 2 value.

The calculation of carbon emissions from Linde’s capital goods procured is based upon a model utilizing input output tables and data from OECD, EXIOBASE, the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis and World Bank.

The Scope 3 Category 2 value increased in 2022 compared to the previous year.

This is due to a reclassification of some procurement categories that were previously considered as capital goods that are now correctly disclosed under raw materials, based upon sales patterns.

Upstream Transportation and Distribution, including Contractor Driving (Category 4) This category includes emissions related to Linde’s inbound and outbound logistics that are paid by Linde and are carried out by external carriers.

Linde uses a distance based method for calculating Scope 3 emissions from outbound deliveries of gases to its clients.

Contractor miles driven are collected in each country and business or region and tracked.

Linde’s Scope 3 emissions resulting from delivery of products by third party carriers were derived using the same methodology as used to calculate GHG emissions from owned trucks: Emissions from transport are calculated based on actual kilometers driven for commercial and non commercial vehicles, multiplied by average emissions factors by vehicle type from the Estimated U.S. Average Vehicle Emissions Rates per Vehicle by Vehicle Type using Gasoline and Diesel (Grams per mile) from the U.S. EPA, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, personal communication, Apr.

In 2022, additional updates were made to the methodology to include gas transport under this scope in modes other than trucking.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies in order to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

This category includes estimated emissions from commuting to work, based on a portion of the employee population at Linde globally, as well as average mileage data and emissions estimates for commuters obtained from EPA estimates.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies in order to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

This category includes an estimate of electricity emissions from sites, mostly small offices, rented by Linde, where Linde does not pay for utilities directly, as well as the estimated emissions from Linde’s leased cars and trucks.

Business Travel (Category 6) Linde estimates a small amount of emissions from business travel, based on the company’s historical air travel records, including countries of destination, and uses emissions data provided by airlines and travel service providers.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies in order to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

This category includes estimates based upon global waste generated and landfills using environmental data tables for such emission estimates.

Downstream Scope 3 Emissions Linde’s methodologies for downstream Scope 3 emissions are described below.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies I to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

Linde is at the beginning of numerous value chains and provides many intermediate products with many downstream applications, each of which has a very different GHG profile.

This category includes emissions from products, including flouro gases, CO2, CH4 and N2O, based on sales and assumptions for revenue and volumes, as well as assumptions on releases.

Due to the nature of gas products, in many cases, the processing of sold intermediate products by third parties (i.e., manufacturers) after sale is not distinctly separate from the use therefore, the assumptions consider these categories as combined for both Categories 10 and 11.

This category includes emissions for assets such as smaller on site facilities where the customer pays for the power and, in many cases, operates the plant.

This also includes several major plants where customers pay for the power and where Linde charges a facility fee to the customer.

Emissions for those plants where the customer pays for the power are not included in Linde’s Scope 2.

Emissions from leased out or charged out entities are calculated on a plant level, using the same calculation methodology as for calculating indirect Scope 2 emissions for other Linde plants.

For plants where the customer pays for the power and the plant specific emissions factors are not known, Linde uses country emissions factors from the IEA to calculate indirect emissions for those sites.

HyCO plants facilities that are owned by Linde are fully reported under Scope 1, regardless of whether they are leased out or independent on who is running the plant or providing the fuel or feedstock.

Linde includes in its Scope 1 and 2 reporting only subsidiaries holdings that are reporting their financials to the company and whose results are consolidated into the company P L. Holdings investments that are reporting their results but are not consolidated into the P L statement (mainly JVs consolidated at equity) are not considered for Scope 1 and 2 emissions but are reported as Scope 3 from investments.

Linde has large JV operations, especially in China.

Linde calculates its emissions due to investments on a plant level.

All JVs report their electricity and other fuel consumption into Linde’s environmental reporting system.

Linde then calculates Scope 3 from such investments for all plants in this category, by adding reported direct emissions from HyCO plants and indirect emissions from ASUs and other plants, based on reported electricity consumption, multiplied by a country IEA factor.

The prior estimates included full proportions of emissions.

Linde now estimates JV emissions proportionally, based upon share of ownership, as per the GHG Protocol.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

Linde’s operations contain limited business activities where product is transported from its location to another end user.

Product lines where such activities exist include welding material fabrication applications and healthcare.

Even in those businesses, product transport activities vary.

Linde has estimated these emissions based upon assumptions of frequency of these types of activities among its more typical product transport patterns.

Linde has screened and undergone a process of estimating Scope 3 emissions and has committed to baselining and refining methodologies to set targets by 2025 2026.

This category is reported for the first time, based on these continued efforts toward full Scope 3 reporting.

Linde is at the beginning of numerous value chains and provides many intermediate products with many downstream applications, each of which has a very different GHG profile.

This category includes estimated emissions from the end of life disposal of products.

Due to the nature of gas products, in many cases, the use of sold products may also include the end of life of the product.

Therefore, for flouro gases, CO2, CH4 and N2O, estimates are included in use estimates and are part of Category 11.

Linde does have a small proportion of products that may have packaging that is eventually disposed or that may be themselves disposed.

This small remainder is estimated based upon Linde waste estimations.

Although this portion is small and not deemed relevant, Linde will continue efforts to quantify and estimate.

Scope 3 Sources Not Reported As demonstrated in this year’s reporting, Linde continues to assess ways to expand and refine Scope 3 reporting in ways that lend transparency and repeatability.

Linde does not report emissions in one category, franchises, as this does not exist in Linde’s operational footprint.

Linde continues to evaluate and refine methodologies that provide estimates in a credible and transparent way.

The company expects to continue to refine its reporting in the future and determine baselines to set targets by 2025 2026.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions are as reported in 305 1 and 305 2 and include CO2, CH4, N2O, PFCs, HFCs, NF3 and SF6.

Sales revenue reported to calculate revenue intensity is reported in Linde financial filings.

Linde is tracking emissions intensity versus EBITDA and has defined a 10 year target for this intensity figure (reduction of 35 percent).

GHG versus EBITDA intensity in the Performance Towards Targets section, page 26, and EN (12).

Scopes 1 2 GHG Emissions Reductions Linde’s total sustainable productivity in 2022 yielded savings equivalent to approximately 1 million metric tons CO2e.

It counts projects where benefits are fully realized as well as projects that were implemented in 2022 and are still accruing benefits.

These projects provided GHG savings from enhancing the energy efficiency of buildings, processes and the transportation fleet.

Information on the projects, including investment made and cost savings, can be found in Linde’s CDP response, which is available at the end of July at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2023 cdp response climate change.pdf.

A subset of Linde applications enabled customers and end users to avoid 90 million metric tons of CO2e in 2022.

Such emissions represent avoided emissions, which are sometimes referred to as Scope 4.

SOx emissions were 779 metric tons in 2022, a 9.1 percent increase from 2021.

VOC emissions were 931 metric tons in 2022, a 1.8 percent decrease from 2021.

NOx, SOx and VOC emissions from plants are taken from emissions monitoring systems or are estimated based on operations data where emissions monitoring is not required by local regulations.

SOx emissions from transport are estimated based on sulfur concentration in local fuel using local transport knowledge and legislative limits.

NOx and VOC emissions from transport are calculated based on estimated diesel consumption rates and local regulatory limits.

Emissions factors are sourced from the U.S. EPA Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks: 1990 2005.

Linde manages and reports waste metrics as part of environmental management.

The company makes efforts to reduce waste generation and to reduce waste to landfill through initiatives in operations and programs, such as the Zero Waste program.

Linde uses local country regulations to define and report hazardous waste.

Linde tracks the amount of hazardous waste recycled but does not track the portion of this that is sold.

Linde estimates that about half of recycled hazardous waste is marketable.

In 2022, Linde recycled 8,100 metric tons of hazardous waste, including 4,050 metric tons of waste estimated as marketable and 4,050 metric tons of waste estimated as non marketable.

Linde reports the half that is not marketable in the table below as part of hazardous waste generated.

In 2022, total hazardous waste generated (this does not include hazardous waste that is sold for recycling, as this is considered a product) was 22,560 metric tons, which is a 4.9 percent increase from 2021, primarily due to an increase in waste at a few large sites.

Total non hazardous waste disposed in 2022 was 21,200 metric tons, which is a 33 percent increase from 2021.

The main reasons for the significant increase are activities that do not occur annually and that did not occur in 2021.

Zero Waste Program Linde is committed to reducing hazardous and non hazardous waste.

Linde’s Zero Waste program is an effort that has existed for more than a decade.

Sites work to divert at least 90 percent of the normal waste from going to landfill.

The program encourages a practice, prioritizing reduction of waste generation at the source.

Therefore, in addition to recycling and other reclamation efforts, many sites have incorporated initiatives that not only reduce waste but also extend conservation principles in the community and help foster economic opportunity.

By the end 2022, more than 750 sites participated in the program, collectively diverting more than 225 million pounds from landfills.

See pages 29 and 30 of this report for information on the Zero Waste Program and performance against the SD 2028 Zero Waste target.

Linde did not transport, import or export hazardous waste across international borders in 2022.

One hundred percent of suppliers that present environmental risk are screened using environmental criteria.

Linde uses a risk based approach to supplier management.

Those suppliers at risk of negative environmental impacts are principally suppliers of chemicals, or process and specialty gas suppliers, and all are subject to additional pre qualification requirements.

These qualifications are revisited in periodic audits and in any contract re qualification.

Those that show an unwillingness or inability to conform are subject to disciplinary action up to and including contract termination.

Linde is committed to the recognition and safeguarding of human rights in all the countries in which it operates and strives to prevent adverse human rights impacts that have a direct link to the company’s operations, products or services.

Linde’s commitment to human rights is manifested in its policies and through several of collaborations with impactful organizations, including Truckers Against Trafficking (TAT) and Na M o Certa.

The Na M o Certa program, created by Childhood Brasil, is one of White Martins’ hallmark initiatives to engage its value chain in promoting and respecting human rights.

Aware of its significant presence on the roads through product logistics and transportation and, consequently, of its social role, White Martins has since 2010 supported the initiative since 2010, which aims to mobilize governments, companies and third sector organizations to combat sexual exploitation and sexual abuse of children and adolescents on highways.

In addition, the company seeks to guide its own drivers and contractors on this subject, conducting training and periodic meetings with these professionals with the help of a series of materials shared by the Na M o Certa program.

Now a Platinum Level sponsor, Linde has trained more than 2,000 drivers as well as included the training in its Skills Pipeline Workforce Development program.

In 2022, the company provided a human trafficking awareness session for distribution managers in the United States and is hosting webinars open to all employees.

Programs help drivers to recognize potential signs of trafficking and to report suspicions safely to local police and authorities.

As champions on the road, Linde drivers can help to promote safety in our communities.

I am immensely happy to act as a multiplier of the Na M o Certa program, and to acquire knowledge in something that has a direct impact on our society.

It is a program of great relevance, which brings together companies around the purpose of protecting our children and adolescents.

I am proud of this opportunity to talk about a serious matter and disseminate information that may help prevent this abominable practice.

The social dimension of sustainability concerns an organization’s impacts on people and social systems employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, other business partners and local communities and discloses how the risks that may arise from interactions with other social institutions are managed and mediated.

Organizational Responsibility, Accountability and Incentives Linde’s strong worldwide social policies and procedures include areas such as compliance and integrity, Human Resources (HR), diversity and inclusion, safety, community engagement and the Global Giving Program.

In many cases, suppliers are expected to adhere to equivalent standards.

Linde’s CEO and the Board of Directors are accountable for social issues impacting the company.

Linde’s full Board of Directors has responsibility for reviewing safety and environmental risk at each Board meeting.

The Human Capital Committee assists the Board in its oversight of Linde’s compensation and incentive policies and programs, and management development and succession, particularly in regard to reviewing executive compensation for Linde’s executive officers.

The Committee also periodically reviews the company’s diversity policies and objectives, and the programs to achieve those objectives.

Charitable contributions are primarily made through the Global Giving Program.

Employee community engagement in all businesses and functions is promoted by the Sustainability department.

Responsibility for performance lies with the businesses.

The EVP and CHRO is responsible for talent sourcing, management and retention, and diversity and inclusion.

The global leader of Diversity and Inclusion is the senior functional lead in this area and reports to the EVP and CHRO.

The EVP and Chief Legal Officer is responsible for ethics, integrity and compliance and reports to the CEO.

The EVP and CHRO is responsible for SHEQ and reports to the CEO.

The vice president of SHEQ is the senior functional lead in this area.

The EVP and CHRO reports to the CEO and oversees sustainable development.

The vice president, Sustainability, is the senior functional lead in this area and also leads community engagement activities.

The EVP and CHRO is also responsible for the operation of the Global Giving Program.

Procurement leadership exists within each business segment and region, and the vice presidents serve as the senior functional leads in this area.

Working with other leaders, they coordinate activity to ensure adherence to Linde’s supplier sustainability and human rights commitments, among others.

Safety, inclusion and community are Linde values, and, therefore, are non negotiable.

Linde’s executive annual variable compensation is impacted by performance in non financial areas considered to be Strategic Business Objectives.

These include achieving best in class performance in several areas, including safety and talent management.

Policies, Commitments, Goals and Targets Corporate policies are posted on the company website at www.linde.com.

Linde’s CBI, corporate HSE Policy, Human Rights Policy, Global Diversity Inclusion Guidelines, Supplier Code of Conduct and other corporate and country level policies make clear the company’s commitment to management processes for addressing relevant areas of potential human rights concern.

Safety and health protection a safe work environment.

The prevention of discrimination and harassment of employees.

Merit based decisions on recruitment, hiring, promotion and compensation.

Compliance with regulations, including regulations on working hours.

Freedom of association and freedom of peaceful assembly, including freedom to choose whether to engage in collective bargaining and employees’ participation in works agreements in various countries.

Specifically, the Linde CBI makes clear Linde’s commitment to human rights.

Linde recognizes every person’s innate humanity and treats everyone with dignity and respect.

Human Rights enacted by the United Nations and does not condone or engage in discrimination harassment violations of privacy slavery or servitude restrictions on free assembly or unfair employment practices.

Linde commits to adhering to these human rights principles and expects similar standards to be observed by all with whom it conducts business.

This section reports against the relevant GRI Standards for these PFs, in addition to GRI disclosures that are not PFs but that may be of interest to various external stakeholders.

Topics of safety, including occupational health, are led by SHEQ.

The function is also responsible for safety management, including hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation, and management reviews are in place.

SHEQ leads the identification and mitigation of potential health and safety impacts.

SHEQ also leads consultations and communications with employees on health and safety programs and initiatives.

Safety training is conducted for all employees and all contractors, as defined in the SHEQ Management System and Standard Operating Procedures.

Safety performance is reviewed by management and the Board and reported.

Benefits, including management of medical care coverage and associated communications, are managed by the Human Resources function.

Mechanisms for Grievance and Recourse 2 25 Policies are actively communicated to employees around the world to outline Linde’s expectations of conduct wherever it does business.

It takes these standards very seriously, and non compliance can result in severe disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Several channels are provided to encourage employees to report suspected complaints and concerns, or to anonymously report violations, including the Integrity Hotline.

The company also encourages customers, vendors or other observers to use the hotline to submit complaints or allegations about these or other matters.

The company provides an annual report of Linde incidences of substantiated hotline reports on its website at: http: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center hotline reports.

These are described in the following Social disclosures.

Note: This section responds to 401 1 and also responds to 2 7 and 2 8.

The number of employees as of December 31, 2022, was 65,010, reflecting a decrease of 7,317 employees from December 31, 2021.

Reasons for the decrease include sale of the GIST business and deconsolidation of Russian subsidiaries see the Annual Report.

The company’s workforce includes professional managerial level employees, technical employees (including drivers), technologists and administrative staff.

Many of the company’s truck drivers and administrative assistants in the U.S. are non exempt employees.

The company has implemented a centralized tracking system for workforce statistics and continues to phase this system globally.

U.S. employees who work more than a pre defined number of hours per week are entitled to benefits.

The distribution of employees by region is provided in SOC (2).

Overall, 72 percent of Linde employees are men and 28 percent are women.

The percentage of female senior executives in the global organization is 19 percent.

The company’s workforce does not include a substantial portion of work performed by self employed workers or by individuals other than employees.

Regional HR is responsible for managing each respective region, and the company consolidates key metrics at the global level these are reported here.

The company does not typically employ seasonal labor.

Turnover Linde’s global voluntary turnover rate was 8.4 percent.

Globally, Linde does not provide additional details about the number and rate of new hires, as it considers this information to be confidential.

Employee Engagement Linde annually conducts an employee engagement survey.

The survey covers aspects covering the following: values, including safety, integrity, and accountability working relationships with manager, inclusion and traditional engagement aspects including satisfaction, collaboration, and motivation.

Additional pulse surveys on topics including stress may be conducted through the year.

Employees can expect to receive a competitive pay package that recognizes the experience, skills and abilities they bring to the company.

Training and development are offered, as well as a full range of benefit programs ranging from wellness to work life balance.

Benefits are available to all full time employees in the U.S., those working more than 20 hours per week and vary according to BU.

Paid vacations and holidays, life and accident insurance, healthcare, disability invalidity coverage, primary caregiver leave (maternity paternity leave, including for adoption), flextime, education reimbursement, wellness allowances and a range of personal and family insurance policies, options for professional services (legal, counseling, medical care, childcare, eldercare), purchasing subsidies (personal office equipment and supplies, gym membership equipment) and retirement provisions are some of the types of benefits provided to employees of the organization.

U.S. programs, but equivalent programs may be offered in each country and referenced on that country’s careers website.

These benefits are generally not provided to temporary or part time employees by major operations.

Flexible Work: The company understands that everyone has commitments outside of work.

Recognizing this, the company has global policies that provide work arrangements that help employees meet enduring or shorter term personal needs through formal and informal means.

For example, in the U.S., Linde offers paid personal days and a Flexible Work Policy that allows flexible scheduling.

Work Life: The company offers a confidential resource and referral service for practical advice and referrals related to parenting and childcare, eldercare, financial and college planning, retirement planning, survivor support programs and more.

Employee assistance programs are offered in many locations, including in the U.S. and in the U.K.

Health and Wellness: A range of activities are offered to all employees to support employee health and wellness.

They include seminars on such diverse topics as financial health retirement stress management information and stress management reduction techniques and training sleep management managing work life issues such as a family member with Alzheimer’s disease community engagement office picnics gatherings and bring your child to work day.

Some activities are managed by an Employee Activity Council or similar and vary by site.

For those participating in the company medical plan in the U.S., benefits include a Healthy Living Plan, nutritional health support and a 24 hour nursing consultation.

Some sites also have on site fitness facilities and programs.

In the U.K. for example, cycle to work programs are also offered.

Some locations have biking clubs, and employees join together for charitable events in addition to camaraderie.

Some sites have onsite health or wellness personnel for occupational health.

Volunteerism: Linde is committed to supporting the communities around the world where its employees live and work.

Employees are encouraged to participate in volunteerism and community engagement activities.

Its Global Giving Program provides substantial matches to a range of employee giving.

Community engagement is part of the company culture, and employees at all levels of the company contribute their time and skills to help build resilient communities.

Corporate policies allow employees to volunteer during work hours with the support of their managers.

Options for employees include employee driven projects, giving campaigns such as the annual United Way campaign held at various locations, and the year round matching gift program.

The matching gifts program provides a 100 percent match for all eligible donations, up to 15,000.

It was previously available to employees in the U.S. a similar program was also been extended to other regions in 2023.

Additional employee benefits and entitlements in the U.S. fall under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Short Term Disability (STD).

To be eligible for FMLA leave benefits of 12 weeks in a year, an employee must meet some eligibility requirements, for example, time worked for the company (12 months).

The FMLA covers birth, adoption or foster care of an employee’s child within 12 months after the birth or placement of the child ( Bonding Leave ) care for an immediate family member (spouse, child or parent) with a serious health condition ( Family Care Leave ) and an employee’s inability to work because of a serious health condition ( Serious Health Condition Leave ).

Leave, which allows parents of newly birthed or adopted children up to 10 weeks of leave.

This includes four weeks of paid leave in addition to any disability benefits that may be available.

In addition, subject to management discretion, all new parents may request flexibility or accommodations in the 6 months after birth or adoption.

At this time, the company does not report on the number of employees who took parental leave or their return to work retention rates.

Linde considers relations with its employees to be excellent.

Linde’s CBI and Human Rights policy makes clear the company’s commitment and management processes to address relevant areas of human rights concern, including freedom of association, freedom of peaceful assembly and the freedom to choose whether to engage in collective bargaining or to participate in works agreements in various countries.

An estimated 32 percent of Linde employees worldwide belong to an independent trade union, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of a works council.

The company has collective bargaining agreements with unions at numerous locations throughout the world, which expire at various dates.

Most of the company’s labor agreements have language that defines severance arrangements.

In countries or companies where employees have third party representation via a works council or collective bargaining, the company respects these relationships and works with these third parties in a mutually respectful manner.

In the case of works councils, the company meets any predetermined notice periods mutually agreed to by the parties.

As a matter of business practice, the company keeps employees well informed of operational changes through normal internal communication channels, most notably its corporate intranet, through which global corporate information and BU information (in home country language) is provided directly to employees.

Business leaders also communicate through regular channels that include periodic business teleconferences, newsletters and issue communications.

The company makes every effort to be proactive and to provide reasonable notice to all employees if a significant change occurs, and it has a good record of employee relations in countries where it does business.

KPIs for Linde’s safety performance include days away from work (lost workday case rate), and the tracking of illnesses and injuries, including fatalities and occupational diseases.

These and other key safety figures are reported monthly to the Executive Leadership Team.

In addition, Linde’s full Board of Directors has responsibility to review safety and environmental risk at each Board meeting.

The Board has established a strategic business objective to maintain best in class performance in safety.

Accidents and near misses are closely monitored, reported and investigated.

Evaluations of these events are performed, and the lessons learned are communicated in safety training and special safety alerts for the relevant work groups.

The benefit of these continuous efforts is that Linde’s employee and contractor safety performance continues to be better than general industry benchmarks and among the best within the industrial gases and chemical industry.

To promote continuous improvement and recognize efforts contributing to a safe working environment, Linde recognizes its businesses through safety awards for reduction in recordable injuries, lost workday cases and or product vehicle accidents.

In addition, Linde annually holds a global Safety Commitment Day, which provides information about different safety issues and various workshops around safety.

External contractors are also invited to join in safety programming.

In 2020, Linde also translated safety principles to reflect the COVID 19 pandemic and introduced safety protocols and measures due to the worldwide pandemic.

These principles remained throughout the pandemic.

Linde also promotes a healthy work environment by providing employees with information on ergonomics and lighting considerations.

Linde controls workplace environmental factors, including noise, lighting, indoor air quality, humidity and temperature.

Linde reports Linde consolidated safety rates for 2019 going forward.

Contractor lost workday case rates are reported for construction contractors.

For ease to stakeholders, the company also reports the lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) for employees and contractors and rates for Tier 1 process safety events in units of per million work hours.

Vehicle safety rates are reported for commercial vehicles.

See also pages 29 and 30 for information related to 2022 performance and the SD 2028 targets.

Like many companies, Linde must attract, hire and retain qualified personnel to develop, market or sell its products and successfully manage its business.

Linde is dependent upon its highly skilled, experienced and efficient workforce to be successful.

Much of Linde’s competitive advantage is based on the expertise and experience of its key personnel in marketing, technology, manufacturing, distribution infrastructure, systems and products.

The inability to attract and hire qualified individuals, or the loss of key employees in very skilled areas, could have a negative effect on the company’s financial results.

Investments in employee training and development bring value, but this is often hard to measure, or of indirect business benefit.

The challenge in this area is to create training interventions that bring direct learning and measurable business benefits.

Such training brings value in many ways to employees and to the company.

The Talent Development team has conducted needs assessments to ensure that potential programs met the needs of the company.

One key goal was to increase the engagement and efficiency of the company’s people managers.

Some key e learning initiatives resulted, and these programs are now increasingly employing technology in training and development.

Two examples of continued deployment of e learning include the use of Skillsoft and the diversity and inclusion programs, such as Inclusion Boost.

Due to the global pandemic, the use of e learning and virtual platforms became the dominant mode of training, with widespread utilization in areas including compliance, safety and inclusion training.

Examples below depict typical programs offered, although all may not have been offered in 2022.

Many e learning programs exist throughout the globe, with both formal training events and opportunities for webinars: For example, the Strengthening the Pipeline program, which is part of the strategy to support Linde’s 30 by 30 diversity goal, provides a hybrid training opportunity comprised of webinars, self paced learning, coaching and self assessment.

The careers and career paths of Linde employees are strategically managed.

Employees and management use a range of competence based and goal setting tools.

Employees store and maintain resumes, experience, completed training, certifications achieved, performance appraisals and career goals and aspirations.

Career paths are planned in conversations with their managers against competency ladders.

These plans are used for talent development, succession planning and internal recruitment.

Linde has invested in Elevate My Learning, a learning management system (LMS) platform that facilitates global reporting of formal training.

The data reported below is a subset of all the company sponsored formal training provided.

The LMS system enables all businesses and functions to house, track and offer training and training related information on a single enterprise platform.

Linde continues to explore new ways to expand the use of the system.

Linde reports an average of 20 hours of training globally (regional average) however, these hours vary depending on training needs and budgets.

In 2022, the company continued to expand the use of technology to offer significant training with increased efficiency of time and cost.

The company continued the use of e learning for business integrity and other training.

When added to standard compliance training and safety training, employees received an average of 72 hours of training in 2022.

Ethics and compliance training: This is mandatory at all levels.

The average employee receives 2 hours of training each year.

Employee development training: Linde employees received an average of 20 hours of formal training in 2022.

Professional skills training: Employees in specific businesses and functions receive additional training as needed or requested.

Management and development training: The company also provided additional management and development training as needed or requested.

Linde is committed to providing its employees with a safe operating environment by investing in state of the art technology and driving a culture in which safety is the top priority.

Accordingly, the company rigorously focuses on training to prevent work related risks and or occupational health hazards for employees, their families, contractors and, in many cases, for community members.

Its industry leading safety performance is the result of a program of continuous training and communication using a wide range of media.

In 2022, Linde invested nearly 5 million hours in safety training for its employees and contractors.

On average, Linde employees at facilities and offices received approximately 50 hours of formal safety training in 2022.

Sites in all regions and BUs have periodic safety meetings and an annual Safety Commitment Program, which is held at every facility globally and represents Linde’s commitment to safety (operations are shut down for Safety Commitment Programs).

There are periodic stand down meetings when operations are stopped for a safety program, continuous short toolbox reviews, and additional annual training for specific job functions and for compliance purposes.

In addition, Linde conducts general safety training and communication through a range of global, regional and site based channels on a needs basis, for example, in relation to safety changes in different seasons, a worldwide health threat or to communicate learnings after a safety incident.

Safety training is conducted for all employees, in all functions.

Training is one of the four key tenets of Linde's diversity and inclusion strategy.

Accordingly, training is offered globally through multiple platforms, with various contents and to various levels across the organization.

Diversity and inclusion training goals are to enhance managerial and leadership capabilities in understanding the business case for diversity and building inclusive leadership skillsets, and also equipping employees to effectively manage talent in a multicultural, increasingly diverse environment.

Classroom training and e learning are used to enhance personal and managerial skills and are offered on a mandatory and voluntary basis.

Since 2015, more than 1,200 global managers have received unconscious bias training and associated tools for managers.

Inclusion Boost, which was introduced in 2018, uses videos to reinforce inclusion initiatives and prior unconscious bias training.

In a series of short videos, employees can learn, reflect and share.

More than 2,000 employees have participated in this self directed training.

Informal diversity training is also offered at all global locations, embedded within celebrations of Global Diversity Day and International Women's Day events, during which time the company offers learning webinars and inclusion activities.

Inclusion is also supported through engagement activities.

The company celebrates heritage days around the world to recognize the global diversity of its employees.

Employee resource groups (ERGs) provide support and reinforce the culture within the company.

For International Women’s Day, Linde held a social media campaign highlighting some of the careers of women colleagues.

Classroom training is only part of the education that employees receive.

Mentoring, networking, skills training and work experience are all designed to enhance employee career opportunities.

Some employees receive formal mentoring, and there are various networks for employees to join based on interest (e.g., Toastmasters clubs or Success Network events).

Eligible employees receive tuition reimbursement for approved studies, including university degrees.

Widespread e learning opportunities to increase technical and managerial skills and for personal development.

The Personal Development Center, for example, provides online coaching and tools for developing competencies used in annual performance evaluations, and other valued skills.

An enterprise wide LMS system enables all businesses and functions to house, track and offer training and training related information on a single enterprise platform.

The company's commercial and corporate programs offer challenging projects that help prepare dynamic sales and corporate talent within the business.

One longstanding development program is Lincare’s Sales Representative Training Program.

This 10 day program prepares sales team members with customer relationship management tools, as well as clinical knowledge.

The training connects Lincare’s high standards of unity and accountability to create a focused, energetic sales force and fosters a growth mindset for both the business and the individual.

One hundred percent of Lincare Sales Representatives participate in the training.

Outcomes demonstrate benefit to the company, employees and customers.

The program has resulted in reduced turnover and increased employee engagement, among other outcomes.

Commercial Leadership Program (CLP): The CLP is designed to expose employees to key areas within the company's sales arena and cylinder gas business.

Leadership and Technical Orientation Program (LTOP): LTOP is a one year program designed to introduce employees to the operations and commercial aspects of the America’s gases business in the U.S., such as plant startups or shutdowns, maintenance, project planning and execution, project management, sales and planning.

International Leadership Development Program (ILDP): ILDP is a two year international program designed to expose attendees to key business areas and help them to build their skills.

Rotations can be across several functions, including the financial, business development and marketing areas.

Leading in Linde (LIL): This three day supervisory skills program is offered in all geographies.

To date, more than 2,300 managers have benefitted from this training, helping them to expand their managerial skills.

This program allows the company to standardize managerial practices around the world.

Career Development Program (CDP): This program was developed for early career employees.

Train the Trainer sessions for regional groups provide the capability to deliver the CDP to more employees, as millennials continue to enter the workforce.

General Managers Program (GMP): This program teaches employees how to create value using experiential techniques.

The program enhances employees' ability to operate in a competitive business environment.

Executive Leadership Program (XLP): This program helps prepare future executives to develop the business management and leadership skills required to achieve both short and long term business objectives.

Participants work to understand their leadership strengths and weaknesses and to develop the potential of their own direct reports.

Based upon Linde’s Winning Together strategy is conducted in collaboration with Duke University Continuing Education.

In 2022, more than thirty 30 Linde Leaders from across the globe engaged in sessions to address real world challenges and opportunities for Linde, take part in a business simulation, hear from Linde’s senior leaders as well as leading business and learning educators.

In today's competitive and complex business environment, investing in our talent is essential for the organization's success, said.

David Strauss, Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer.

At Linde, we are proud to offer our employees the opportunity to gain new skills through in person and online learning platforms.

We believe that programs like our new Executive Leadership Program, XLP, will help us continue to deliver sustainable results while also providing our Linde colleagues around the world with more opportunities to grow their careers.

In 2022, the company also introduced Leadership Pathways, a collection of curated pathways on key leadership topics that support learning and development along the career journey.

The program is targeted to develop the skills necessary for first level managers, mid level managers and leaders of leaders.

The series is open to all employees and is easily accessible.

Linde also makes investments in employees so that they are prepared for the increasingly fast moving and data intensive world and better grasp opportunities from digitalization.

Over the last 4 years, Linde has introduced digital transformation programs covering a range of levels of learning.

The cornerstone program involves a 1 3 month session, which includes coaching, immediately followed by opportunities to put the concepts into practice.

The program includes digital boot camps, introduction to AGILE frameworks, demystification of digital technologies and use cases.

The team’s focus is on solving real business challenges utilizing new methodologies, tools and digital technologies.

They also explore alternative and more efficient modes of technology platforms.

A key goal of the sessions is to simplify processes and to build digital solutions, products and tools that move decision making from descriptive to predictive.

This program continued in 2022, and to date, more than 7,000 employees from all areas of the business have participated in these programs and increased their digital capabilities.

Projects implemented have resulted in productivity improvements and new ways to solve business challenges.

Linde’s digital exchange and digital practitioner platform dX has become the umbrella for digital upskilling, best practice exchanges and networking for Linde’s digital practitioners.

Linde businesses are responsible for HR management at their respective regional level.

Key metrics are consolidated at the global level and reported here.

Linde offers a wide variety of training programs to different groups of employees to support their professional development and help them advance in their respective functions.

Linde provided training programs and university courses with a work experience element for young people, as well as training opportunities in various technical and commercial areas.

In Germany, the company has offered vocational training in dozens of different professions.

Many of the apprentices and student trainees have been offered job opportunities.

The Emerging Leader Program is targeted at managers in transition (from first line managers to middle managers).

Eligible employees receive tuition reimbursement for eligible studies, such as an MBA.

Linde Engineering’s Project Execution Academy (PEA) provides an opportunity for project managers to gain industry recognized Project.

This fosters a better understanding of the project execution process and leads to better preparation to lead company construction projects.

Several learning and development tools are made available to employees, allowing them to develop professional and interpersonal skills.

Employees participate in industry conferences and seminars that facilitate best practice sharing and professional networking.

The company’s financial services vendor routinely offers on line and in office seminars on financial planning, including financial planning for employees approaching retirement, in some areas.

In the U.S., under the company's generally applicable severance plan, if employment terminates for certain reasons, U.S. employees are generally eligible for severance benefits of up to a maximum of 26 weeks of base pay, depending on their completed years of service.

In addition to retirement savings plan benefits, the company offers access to financial planning tools and resources to aid in transition to retirement.

At least annually, all eligible Linde employees meet formally with their supervisors to review their performance and development opportunities.

Employees receive a performance appraisal through the systematic use of agreed upon measurable targets and a multi dimensional performance appraisal.

Performance reviews and development plans are a part of a global talent management system, which is designed to effectively utilize and advance employees across all regions.

Every year, Linde ensures that managers and employees measure the results of individual objectives, creating a transparent link between performance and rewards.

All employees around the world are expected to obtain results and demonstrate a series of competencies and behaviors that support the local business strategy.

Ensure alignment between employee and BU function goals.

Enhance communication between employees and managers.

Promote meaningful assessment and evaluation of individual performance.

Promote alignment between individual performance and pay.

The focus on continuous improvement allows employees to update goals based upon business needs.

This fosters collaboration between managers and employees.

Goals are the driving force behind achievement and provide an opportunity to challenge employees and improve their skills.

Goals serve the needs of the company and aid in the development of employees.

Talent Management, Inclusive Culture, Managerial Training and Marketplace Branding.

Linde's Board of Directors, CEO and Executive Leadership Team monitors results by business group in diverse representation at all levels of the talent pipeline, including senior leadership, talent acquisition, talent development and advancement, managerial training and workplace culture and engagement.

This oversight, which includes quarterly reviews, provides accountability for business leaders and ensures that diversity and inclusion is sustained as a top priority for the organization's long term growth and viability.

Subsidiaries and businesses are held accountable through the development and implementation of an annual Diversity Action Plan that includes both qualitative and quantitative aspirational goals.

Among other things, Linde (1) sponsors talent pipeline initiatives, including Employee Resource Groups, for diverse talent segments (2) celebrates heritage days and cultural awareness events (3) offers Inclusive Leadership and Unconscious Bias training to employees and (4) brands itself through social media and other forms of external communications.

SOC (10) provides current and historical information on diversity to the Board, global senior leadership team and CEO senior management team.

The Linde Board of Directors consists of 10 members, including its CEO.

Of the 10 Board members, two (20 percent) are female, one board member is African American, and one board member is Asian.

In 2022, three quarters of executive officers were over the age of 50, and one quarter was 50 or below.

Globally, the percentage of women employees is 28 percent.

Linde is committed to sourcing and retaining local talent, particularly in its emerging economy countries.

The company does not currently report global diversity breakdowns in all the ways requested in the GRI Standards.

In addition, Linde reports on the age distribution of its global workforce in the following categories: silent generation (those born in 1945 or before) baby boomers (those born from 1946 to 1964) generation X (those born from 1965 to 1980) millennials (those born from 1981 to 1996) and generation Z (those born in 1997 or later).

Linde’s compensation policy assigns jobs into pay grades based on job descriptions so that employees with comparable functions and responsibilities are compensated appropriately, regardless of age, sex, race or other prohibited characteristics.

As part of its compensation program, Linde conducts annual pay equity analyses in the U.S. and in other countries where required by law.

Linde disclosed compensation information for named executive officers, both men and women, as well as the ratio of CEO pay to the median employee.

See Linde’s 2023 Proxy statement, pages 65 and 88.

Other specific salary information is confidential.

The Board of Directors has approved the CBI and related program(s) to provide additional, specific business conduct guidance to employees.

Linde is committed to recruiting, hiring, compensating and promoting people based solely on their abilities, performance and qualifications for their jobs, and to maintaining a professional work environment in which employees are treated with respect and dignity.

As part of its commitment to equal employment opportunity, the company prohibits discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy or gender identity or expression.

This prohibition is applicable to all employees worldwide whether such behavior is prohibited by the laws in the regions where it operates.

The company is also committed to complying fully with applicable labor and employment laws wherever it operates.

The company takes these standards very seriously, and any non compliance, depending on the circumstances, can result in serious disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Information was distributed to employees worldwide to outline management's expectation of ethical conduct and integrity wherever Linde does business.

Employees are required to annually certify that they have read and understood the material.

Employees are expected to report suspected complaints, concerns and violations through several channels, including the Linde Integrity Hotline.

All reports to the hotline are appropriately investigated and satisfactorily closed.

It is a violation of company policy for any person to retaliate against any individual who has reported such a matter in good faith.

Reports to the company’s Integrity Hotline include, but are not limited to, potential human rights violations and potential incidents of alleged discrimination involving internal and or external stakeholders across operations in the reporting period.

The year 2019 was the first year Linde reported for the consolidated company.

In 2022, 546 reports were made to the Linde Integrity Hotline.

The range of issues were appropriately investigated and addressed.

Internal Audits is responsible for maintaining and retaining complete records about the receipt of all targeted complaints and their reporting, investigation and final resolution.

Internal Audits develops and maintains a control and follow up system for targeted complaints, including to the extent he she deems appropriate, a written tracking system to ensure that each complaint is promptly followed up and resolved, accountabilities are assigned and communicated, and each step in the handling of the complaint is described in detail.

Linde’s CBI, Human Rights Policy, Corporate HSE Policy and Supplier Code, as well as other corporate and country level policies, make clear the company’s commitment and management processes to address relevant areas of potential human rights concern.

These include: freedom of peaceful assembly, including freedom to choose whether to engage in collective bargaining, and employees’ participation in works agreements in various countries.

Linde's Supplier Code of Conduct makes clear that suppliers are expected to recognize, as far as legally permitted, the right of free association and collective bargaining of employees.

Linde’s CBI, Human Rights Policy and Corporate HSE Policy, as well as other corporate and country level policies, make clear the company’s commitment and management processes to address relevant areas of potential human rights concern.

These include prohibition of any form of child labor.

Supplier Code of Conduct makes clear that suppliers are expected to prohibit child labor and comply with minimum working age requirements prescribed by national laws and international conventions.

Linde’s CBI, Human Rights Policy and Corporate HSE Policy, as well as other corporate and country level policies, make clear the company’s commitment and management processes to address relevant areas of potential human rights concern.

These include prohibition of any form of forced labor, including human trafficking.

Linde's Supplier Code of Conduct makes clear that suppliers are expected to prohibit any form of forced labor, including forced prison labor, indentured labor, bonded labor, slave labor or any form of human trafficking.

Linde security personnel were trained in Linde’s CBI, which contains a section on human rights.

In 2022, there were no determinations of Linde's operations precluding employees from their rights to freedom of association, there was no likelihood of incidences of child labor or forced labor, and Linde was not involved in any incidents of violation of the rights of indigenous people, so action was not required.

Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments An adverse human rights impact occurs when an action removes or reduces the ability of an individual to enjoy his or her human rights.

Both because it is consistent with the company's values and because of potential risk, Linde actively seeks to avoid causing or contributing to adverse human rights impacts through its own activities with its employees, contractors and suppliers, and also with JVs, including those over which the company does not have management control.

Linde may be required to address human rights impacts when required by national regulation and may choose to take voluntary action to support its values and reputation, even if the company has not contributed to those impacts.

These are assured as part of the company's normal management processes in its sites and offices globally, as well as in JVs where it has management control.

Human rights issues also may arise in Linde’s value chain among Linde’s suppliers, customers or communities.

For these and general human rights issues management, see 414 1 and 414 2.

Employee training on human rights policies or procedures All targeted employees receive training annually in Linde’s CBI, which deals specifically with human rights.

In 2022, the recorded percentage of those completing the training was 100 percent.

Assuming a minimum of a half hour per person, this amounts to a minimum of 20,000 hours.

In addition, 100 percent of employees are trained in relevant issues pertaining to safety and diversity and inclusion.

Training in Human Rights Relevant to Linde’s Value Chain One hundred percent of construction contractors and 100 percent of contract truck drivers are trained in Linde’s operational safety requirements.

Linde has identified a salient human rights risk that it has an opportunity to help mitigate the crime of sex trafficking along long haul truck routes.

Linde has worked with leading non governmental organizations (NGOs) in the Americas to bring awareness of this crime to its drivers, contract drivers, management and employees.

The program is active in Canada as well as in the U.S. where Linde Gases renewed its training plans in 2021.

Since 2012, more than 5,000 employees and contractors have been trained across Linde Americas.

Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening One hundred percent of significant investment decisions incorporated human rights screening in keeping with Linde’s CBI.

Potential investment agreements that would violate this policy are not pursued.

This includes capital investments and acquisitions.

We are committed to improving the communities where we live and work.

Our charitable contributions, along with employee volunteerism, support initiatives that make important and sustainable contributions to our world.

Community engagement represents employee and corporate led programmatic efforts in communities where the company has a presence.

Charitable contributions through Linde's Global Giving Program, which provides financial, philanthropic support in the form of scholarships, contributions and support for employee volunteerism and matching gifts.

Both of these strategic arms are aligned and work together to provide a significant, lasting value to local communities, to positively impact the company's reputation, and to develop and engage employees.

Strategically, the programs work to deepen impact, engage employees and drive business goals, complementing the corporate mission of making our world more productive.

In Linde, many community engagement projects are also supported by the Global Giving Program.

This financial support helps volunteer projects to potentially have more far reaching, long term impact.

One hundred percent of Linde businesses participated in employee volunteer community engagement activities in 2022.

Businesses also provide charitable development through the company’s Global Giving Program.

Impact assessments are performed on all reported community engagement efforts and on significant and long term projects supported by the Global Giving Program.

Since being formally launched in 2009, community engagement remains strong.

In 2022, all Linde businesses participated in employee volunteer community engagement activities, and Linde employees spearheaded 489 projects across the globe.

These projects represent the efforts of approximately 451 sites.

In 2022, 28 percent of Linde community engagement projects were sponsored by more than one site.

The incidence of volunteerism a measure of the number of times individual employees engaged with the community reached nearly 14,000.

The company has a healthy mix of established projects and a growing pipeline of new efforts launched to address changing needs.

Community engagement projects are classified by focus areas: environment, health, education, diversity and general community support.

These focus areas parallel the focus areas of the Global Giving Program.

Nearly half (48 percent) of community engagement projects are in the priority focus areas of education, diversity and environment.

These support the strategic priorities aligned with the business: Education especially STEM education and diversity are critical to a robust, talented pipeline.

Environmental responsibility is also a key priority for the company.

In addition to several climate change targets, the SD 2028 targets include targets for diversity and increased philanthropic spend in the area of environment.

Education, where many teams globally engage with local schoolchildren through mentoring programs and donations of school supplies.

Diversity, including projects which help girls, minorities and other underrepresented populations in STEM fields.

Environment, including projects to promote biodiversity and to protect ecosystems in our communities.

See more about Linde community engagement activities on the company website at: https: www.linde.com about linde community.

Community engagement efforts seek to make a lasting impact on communities and to address enduring problems.

Linde has tracked projects against the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for the past several years.

Linde's Community Engagement Program supports the SDGs.

These foci also reflect congruence with Linde's priority areas, focusing on development in the areas of environment, diversity inclusion and education.

Several programs contribute to SDG 8: Decent work and economic growth (to achieve decent work and employment for men and women by 2030) and its subsets.

The company’s SKILLS PIPELINE workforce development program is directly tied to the SDG for decent work and economic growth (to achieve decent work and employment for men and women by 2030).

In 2016, the program was expanded from the Louisiana inaugural effort to China.

In 2017, the program was expanded to Indiana in the area of advanced manufacturing.

In 2018, the program was further expanded to other geographies in welding.

In 2019, the program expanded to professional truck driving, in a program focused on transitioning soldiers.

The program saw the graduation of the one hundredth soldier at the end of 2021.

In addition to the driving program, with the help of collaborating colleges, three other programs continued during the pandemic.

First, the program’s offering for dual credit students in East Chicago, IN, which provides an early start to college and preparation for careers in production maintenance technology, continued into 2021, graduating the first class.

In addition, the advanced manufacturing program in Danbury, CT, and the technologist program in the Buffalo, NY area welcomed new cohorts in 2021 and 2022.

In 2023, Linde looks forward to further geographic and skills area expansion for this program, including a welding program in California.

Enthusiasm for community engagement is complemented by Linde's global award for Community Engagement.

Introduced in 2009, this recognition from Linde's CEO honors successful efforts that demonstrate a high level of commitment and impact.

In 2022, exemplary projects from each business or region were recognized, along with five global winners.

Award winning project teams are honored and receive a significant charitable donation.

Projects are recognized for outcomes as well as strategic alignment with company goals.

Charitable awards, when possible, are designated to the original beneficiary organization to enable the project teams to deepen their efforts, and, ultimately, to increase the impact on communities.

Three strategic elements for community engagement are deepen, engage and drive.

Community need is a primary driver of community engagement.

Projects are dictated by the needs of local communities combined with the desire and ability of local project teams to help address these needs.

Linde community engagement is a proactive outreach to help build community resilience.

Linde 2022 Sustainable Development Report company has conducted training on incorporating community needs assessments when determining projects, and guidance for needs assessments is included in the community engagement reporting tool.

Sites are encouraged to build strong relationships with local communities.

In order to identify and meet local needs, community engagement is frequently conducted with partners, including local government agencies, suppliers, customers and community groups.

These partnerships help deepen and extend the ability to help build resilient communities.

Community engagement is considered a leadership activity and is initiated by volunteers.

It is also a way to increase awareness of community needs.

Linde often incorporates community engagement at company sponsored meetings and conferences, and the company uses these events to develop employee skills and company networks the company has done so formally since 2012.

With the support and participation of business leaders, these events continue to spur additional community engagement participation in locations around the globe.

A hallmark of engagement at Linde has been the annual Earth Week celebration.

In place formally since 2012, Earth Week is an opportunity for employees and teams worldwide to engage in personal and corporate acts of environmental responsibility, mirroring the culture at Linde every day.

Projects often involve community activities, including tree planting, roadside clean ups and school educational events.

Employees also share individual environmentally friendly acts.

Linde's Global Giving Program then matches each act with a donation.

The 2022 Earth Week celebration at Linde reflected the theme: Restore Our Earth.

Thousands of employees worldwide participated in Linde’s Earth Week celebration.

These voluntary actions resulted in donations to Seed Programs International, supporting funds for seeds to grow vegetables in areas where hunger is a pressing concern.

Linde’s Earth Week past donations have supported irrigation and gardening projects with the AMDAE organization in Colombia (Asociaci n Mutual para el Desarrollo integral de la Afrocolombianidad y el Empresarismo).

The goal of the project is to help integrate displaced members of the Afro Colombian community into their new homes in other parts of Colombia.

The goal of the farm is to house, feed and economically support 40 people.

They integrate knowledge and customs from their past into modern farming techniques.

The farm is a cultural learning center available to all Colombians.

The model farm shares all aspects of Afro Colombian culture with the general community.

Such programs not only have social impact, but also environmental impact.

They also support Linde’s strategic goal to engage employees.

In addition to the camaraderie, community engagement also helps to develop leadership and other beneficial skills for all employees.

Employees participate in design contests for museum exhibits and help to build skills by organizing activities in local communities.

Employees continue to affirm the value of time spent in these activities, and community engagement has been cited as a factor that contributes to choosing to join Linde for employment.

Employees also direct much of the spending from Linde's Global Giving Program.

Global Giving Program helps employees benefit charities in their communities.

About 12 percent of the Global Giving Program is employee directed.

The matching gifts program also includes countries outside of the U.S.

Driving impact through community engagement is the third main strategic objective.

Along with employee led efforts, Linde's corporate led community engagement efforts work to confirm its mission and align with business drivers through strategic initiatives, especially in the STEM fields.

These programs directly help to increase the number of skilled men and women in the workforce.

In addition, both illustrate that the Linde community engagement program and Linde's Global Giving Program work hand in hand.

The skills gap comprises problems for many stakeholders: Workers: Lack of preparedness for the underemployed and unemployed.

Colleges: Disconnects between training and industry expectations.

Industry: Increased cost or project delays due to training or retraining.

In certain programs, students also earn college credit, allowing students to stack credits transferable to degree programs, in addition to gaining industry relevant credentials and exposure to potential employment opportunities.

The SKILLS PIPELINE program offers a multi faceted approach to workforce development, including community awareness campaigns, scholarships to provide training for skilled workers, professional development opportunities, support to increase the skills of incumbent workers and instructorships for teachers.

In 2022, Linde also saw the graduations from workforce development efforts, including transitioning soldiers in the company’s SKILLS PIPELINE workforce development program in driving.

Linde businesses, demonstrating the ability of programs such as those in the SKILLS PIPELINE family to address the skilled crafts gap that exists in industry.

Going forward, the company continues to consider expansion to other skill areas critical for Linde, and to more geographical locations outside of the U.S.

Linde has supported schools and training centers for welding technology outside of the U.S., especially in regions with low levels of average income, by providing the necessary equipment and expertise.

Such programs contribute to improving local living conditions and enhancing equal opportunities.

Community Input With a presence in more than 80 countries, Linde is, at its core, a local company.

As the company is a member of numerous individual local neighborhoods, communities are one of its relevant stakeholders.

For the process for determining Linde stakeholders and engaging those stakeholder groups, see the Engaging Stakeholders section.

Linde integrates their feedback into its process to determine PFs, KPIs and the company’s SD 2028 targets.

Community relations begin with the initial entry into a new area, and the company continues to be part of the neighborhoods where its facilities have a presence and where its team members live and work.

Being a good neighbor includes not only understanding community needs to set up or volunteer in suitable community engagement activities, but also to communicate crucial information, and to listen to and consider opinions, questions and concerns.

In its Responsible Care Global Policy, the company defines general guiding principles regarding communications with external stakeholders like communities and procedures to periodically assess their questions and concerns, implement suitable communication processes and measure performance.

The policy also provides the responsibilities for business heads and operations heads, accordingly.

Linde communicates information about product hazards and safe handling, and safety, health and environmental programs and performance, as appropriate.

This also includes sharing emergency preparedness plans with community representatives.

The effectiveness of the company’s stakeholder communications programs is evaluated regularly.

As for all other stakeholders, the company’s standard of responsible behavior towards communities is confirmed by Linde’s CBI.

Formal ways to contact Linde are available on its website, for both email and phone inquiries.

Linde employees and teams pay close attention to local needs through activities, such as joining community committees, attending local town meetings, providing public safety awareness, hosting educational community events and engaging with relevant nonprofit and or community organizations.

Linde hosts community informational events in neighborhoods near operations and builds close relationships with local providers of emergency services.

Community events are often a part of workforce development programming as well as engagement between businesses and neighborhoods.

In addition, the company's pipeline business has frequent events to educate the community about the business and the importance of safety.

As part of the continuing focus on community relations and as part of its SD 2028 goals, Linde has committed to including community needs considerations in 100 percent of its large engineering projects.

Linde 2022 Sustainable Development Report alongside impactful organizations.

The Community Impact Assessment will be made by the business and project execution teams during the planning of new and or significant expansions of Linde sites.

It includes a discussion with key stakeholders in the community, which may include representatives from municipalities and community organizations understanding community needs and a proposal of potential ways to address these community needs and bring positive impact, especially through social, educational or environmental initiatives.

Linde assesses the short and long term impacts generated by its philanthropic activity.

By understanding community needs and how the company can best help address them, impacts are anticipated at the beginning and then measured at appropriate times during projects.

The company assesses the impact of its Community Engagement and Global Giving Programs and performs environmental impact assessments.

Impactful projects are the goal of all community engagement efforts.

Linde's most recent Sustainable Development Materiality Assessment (SDMA) identified community engagement as a priority for Linde and its stakeholders.

SDMA, managed and reported in the SDMS and published in this report and in the annual Community Engagement Brochure.

Linde's strong culture of execution complements its efforts to measure the impact of community engagement.

As in prior years, Linde measures and reports the social and environmental impact and outcomes, as well as the employee and company benefits, of community engagement based upon a methodology developed by the United Kingdom based LBG report, Making a Difference.

Before the start of community engagement efforts, project teams focus on desired outcomes from the projects.

At the conclusion of each project, the teams measure benefits, as reported by volunteers and or beneficiaries.

Increasingly, third parties help to validate project benefits.

Inputs are measured by the number of hours, number of sites participating and incidence of volunteerism.

Participation grew from 2021, both in hours and incidence of volunteerism.

Outputs are measured by the number of beneficiaries, money raised and goods donated.

Linde volunteers brought direct benefits to approximately 350,000 people, including approximately 140,000 students.

Additionally, projects reported funds that employees and facilities raised or donated in support of community engagement.

In addition to funding from the Linde Global Giving Program, employees and facilities raised or donated more than 3.5 million in cash and in kind donations, including food, clothing, trees seedlings and other forms of in kind support.

This contribution included approximately 3 million in cash contributions from employees and facilities.

As a part of efforts to continually validate the program, the cash component of this reported contribution was independently verified by an external party for 2022.

Key impacts are reported as benefits to project recipients, employee volunteers and to the company.

Linde has compared the performance of these metrics over time and continues to see a positive impact overall.

In 93 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement created a positive impact on the attitudes of recipients.

In 82 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement provided recipients with job skills or opportunities for personal growth.

In 92 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement had a direct impact on the recipients' quality of life.

In 90 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement helped to increase their own personal growth and effectiveness.

In 94 percent of projects, employees reported that volunteering helped increase their interpersonal development.

In 82 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement helped to increase their management effectiveness.

Further, in 54 percent of projects, employees reported learning and or developing skills that were transferable to the workplace.

Community engagement affects how employees view both Linde and their communities.

In 93 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement positively impacted their outlook on Linde and or their job.

In 89 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement gave them a better awareness of the community.

Benefits to Linde are measured in terms of increased engagement with customers and employees and impact on reputation.

In 66 percent of projects, volunteers reported that the community engagement projects provided opportunities to engage with customers.

In 95 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement helped to build employee engagement.

The impact on reputation is also assessed separately: In approximately 60 percent of projects, volunteers reported that community engagement projects were likely to increase awareness of Linde.

In about one third of these instances, teams reported that third parties have provided validation of their efforts or the positive impact of their project(s).

Longer term, Linde assesses the impact on multiple stakeholders from signature efforts.

Considered impacts are both qualitative and quantitative.

For example, students who have participated in the company’s SKILLS PIPELINE program have reported high levels of preparation and increased quality of life and self sufficiency.

Linde has seen increased engagement with customers and suppliers, and, ultimately, available skilled talent to meet current demands for workers.

Community engagement programs often give employees opportunities to build leadership and other skills, such as project management.

Prior voluntary offerings at Linde included training where employees can learn more about voluntary board service and the multiple skills offered through such experiences.

Several employees have expressed interest or have joined non profit boards after attending such training, increasing engagement with the community.

Linde has seen increased engagement with customers and suppliers, and ultimately, available skilled talent to meet current demands for workers.

Graduates from the company’s SKILLS PIPELINE program have been hired by Linde, its customers and other members of industry.

Graduates leave the program with industry recognized credentials.

The program also introduces skills to diverse populations, including women and veterans.

The program is marketed broadly across the community at large, increasing awareness of opportunities for those who may be historically underrepresented in career fields.

For example, the graduating classes for the welding programs in Louisiana included a significant number of women graduates: The first graduating class in Louisiana was comprised of approximately 21 percent women.

The second class, which graduated in 2017, was comprised of approximately 17 percent women.

The East Chicago cohort, which graduated in 2021, was comprised of a majority of first generation college students.

Since 2014, the company's Global Giving Program has strategically performed impact assessments, also based upon the LBG methodology.

Large contributions above a predetermined threshold and long term contributions are assessed to ensure that outcomes have been achieved.

The result of such assessments is annually reviewed by the Global Giving advisory board.

Community impact is a broad consideration at Linde and extends beyond employee philanthropy.

Environmental impact assessments are performed in advance of all Linde capital investments.

Plant leadership often participates in town meetings to provide information and answer questions.

Ongoing monitoring is provided through Linde's cycle of safety and environmental internal assessments.

Linde continues to consider ways to further reach and align with local communities.

Linde is unaware of situations where it has had a negative impact on local communities.

The company exercises great care to ensure that its investments in local communities are positive, and that local communities perceive the company as a safe place to work and as a good employer.

Linde has had no reports of significant potential or actual negative impacts on local communities.

Rather, community engagement efforts have demonstrated tangible positive outcomes.

Tree planting projects around the globe, such as those conducted by Linde teams in conjunction with the Arbor Day Foundation, not only help to beautify areas but also combat erosion.

In 2022, Linde teams planted more than 20,000 trees through community engagement efforts.

Linde's pipeline community education events, STEM programs and workforce development programs are examples of the ways that Linde aims to make positive, relevant impact in communities.

Programs also provide opportunities to develop skills and increase quality of life.

Notably, Linde’s SKILLS PIPELINE workforce development program presented new opportunities to community members traditionally underrepresented in some career fields, for example, women in welding.

Through the workforce development program in commercial truck driving, soldiers exiting from the military gain skills and credentials before they transition to civilian life.

Linde conducts community events in many neighborhoods, including those near its pipelines.

Linde’s pipeline safety team typically joins industry peers, traditionally co hosting approximately 30 such events each year.

These help to introduce communities to the importance of safety and to increase familiarity with the industry, facilities and products.

The company’s SKILLS PIPELINE workforce development program is indicative of this collaboration with local communities as well as other members of industry, academia and or government.

These programs are intended to have positive economic impact for communities and for individuals and have been well regarded by legislators, industry groups and academic leadership as offering a creative solution to address a recognized need.

These programs build communities by providing resources that potentially impact long term quality of life.

Many projects also help to address basic needs in the community, such as food insecurity.

In Tonawanda, New York, for example, team members volunteer over their own lunch breaks to deliver food to elderly, homebound members of the community.

The company’s teams also work with local communities as they enter new geographies.

As part of its SD 2028 goals, Linde has a target to include community needs assessments in 100 percent of new, large execution projects, with pilots starting in the Americas.

Plant leadership often participates in town meetings to provide information and answer questions, and new projects are often an opportunity to learn about and help address community needs.

Linde Engineering has increased engagement for several years, working cooperatively with communities to establish new schools.

These types of needs assessments and conversations continue to formalize.

Additionally, charitable funds, in kind donations and resources contribute to the overall positive impact on local communities.

Cash contributions from the Global Giving Program: 10.4 million.

Approximate value of service by Linde volunteers: 1.6 million.

Approximate value of management support overheads: 500,000, including fees paid to external organizations for vetting and processing organizations, included in cash contributions above, as well as an approximation of the staff time to manage the Global Giving and Community.

Linde employees’ generosity is displayed through their personal donations of approximately 1.2 million, which was matched by the Global Giving program as part of the cash contributions above.

Suppliers are key to Linde’s ability to meet its customer needs.

New suppliers are screened at the prequalification stage for social issues, including compliance with labor and employment laws, ethics and integrity, safety, human rights, environmental topics and financial stability.

For qualification, suppliers and contractors must agree to ensure compliance with their contractual commitments and Linde’s CBI and Supplier Code of Conduct, including its Human Rights commitments therein, or demonstrate a comparable commitment to business integrity and human rights via their own policies.

The company's supplier agreements routinely include language that requires its suppliers to obey international conventions and national and regional statutory requirements in the countries in which they operate, including any applicable national laws regarding human trafficking, forced labor and other forms of modern slavery.

It is currently developing standard language for terms and conditions, which will be included, where applicable, in future contracts.

The Procurement organization regularly discusses these expectations with suppliers upon qualification contracting and during any audits conducted, including for 100 percent of critical Tier 1 suppliers.

The executive management team communicates with the company's top tier suppliers annually to reinforce its commitment to its policies and to remind suppliers of their obligations in contracting with the company.

In particular, the executives reaffirm that the company expects business dealings with suppliers to be based on fairness, honesty, lawfulness, safety, environmental stewardship and social consciousness.

It continues to assess the effectiveness of its strategy and, where appropriate, adopt policies and practices that improve its program.

Suppliers are assessed for social impacts broadly defined, including safety and compliance, which are included within Linde’s basic operational policies and procedures.

In the areas that are integral to these operational policies and procedures, such as safety, integrity and compliance, labor standards and anti discrimination, issues such as non compliance and remediation are dealt with on an ongoing basis, and no additional action is required.

For steps taken regarding potential suppliers of materials from conflict zones see below.

Due Diligence Linde’s Human Rights Due Diligence Process is summarized in Table SOC (17).

This process is informed by the UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework.

A set of human rights risks relating to contractors relate to Linde’s CBI and HSE Policy (safety, non discrimination, ethics and integrity).

As with employees, well established processes assess and address these contractor risks, and mitigation action, if and where required, is taken.

Suppliers are assessed on a planned schedule through Linde Procurement and through SHEQ internal audits.

Country management and functional leaders participate in quarterly enterprise wide global risk assessments.

In 2022, human rights as a specific topic was not identified as a top risk, directly or indirectly, nor was it so identified in the last several years.

The CCO, together with the businesses and the vice president, Sustainability, have the responsibility to stay current with emerging regulations in the area of human rights.

In 2022, Linde reported, as required by regulation, in compliance to comply with the disclosure requirements of Section 1502 ( Conflict Minerals Provision ) of the 2010 Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd Frank Act ).

The CCO oversees compliance with the CBI and related policies, including human rights.

The CCO coordinates activity with business CRBs and with senior management to oversee emerging regulatory issues, review hotline reports and take appropriate action.

If these reviews indicate an emerging potential risk, proactive measures are put in place.

In 2022, there were 546 reports to the Linde hotline, of which none related to potential human rights issues (which would be listed within concerns about Other Policy Violations ).

See Linde’s Integrity Hotline Reports at: http: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center hotline reports.

No reports were made about potential human rights concerns to the hotline from internal or external parties, and Linde has no knowledge of systematic discrimination by Linde employees against Linde colleagues or third parties (e.g., potential recruits, suppliers, customers) or potentially vulnerable groups (e.g., children, indigenous people, migrant labor or local communities) on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, political opinion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy or sexual orientation, and it has no knowledge or reports of unfair compensation or hours of work, lack of access to a safe and sanitary work environment, restrictions on the right to choose or not choose employee organizations, or the use of child, compulsory or forced labor.

All of these areas are protected under Linde’s CBI.

The CBI prohibits any form of retaliation against any individual for good faith reporting what he she believes to be non compliance with this policy to his her management, to the appropriate staff group or to the confidential Linde Integrity Hotline.

Individual cases of misconduct are promptly investigated.

Linde does not tolerate verified misconduct: appropriate measures are taken, up to and including dismissal.

Reports to the hotline are reviewed locally by the business CRBs and by the corporate CRB.

The Linde CRB identifies human rights as a potential issue in its hotline classifications, among Other Policy Violations.

In 2022, Linde reported 27 substantiated incidents of Other Policy Violations none was a human rights issue.

If any issue was to arise and be substantiated, it would be managed in the company's standard process.

Substantiated violations of the CBI are escalated to the Executive Leadership Team and are subject to a root cause analysis.

In such cases, a corrective action plan is implemented.

As part of an annual process, the vice president, Sustainability, reviews trends in human rights risk on a country basis in countries where Linde operates.

Groups that are specifically assessed include Linde employees, suppliers, third party contracted labor and children adolescents, women, migrant and minority populations.

In 2019, this review was expanded to include all Linde countries.

For 2022, it was determined that these reports did not indicate new human rights risks, and no new action was taken.

Human Rights Risk Assessment There is concern that a small portion of suppliers, or their suppliers, including Linde’s Surface Technologies business and the company’s engineering business, could be sourcing materials from conflict zones where there is a risk of human rights violations.

Conflict Minerals: Based on Linde's commitment to governance, compliance and human rights, the most salient human rights issue associated with.

Linde activities and business relationships is the issue of potential conflict minerals in its supply chain.

Certain minerals (including tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold) have been linked with funding killings, violence, rape and other human rights abuses in the Democratic Republic of Congo and other conflict zones.

These affect all citizens in these regions, particularly women, children and adolescents.

Linde has determined that approximately 12 percent of its 2022 consolidated sales relate to products that Linde manufactures, or contracts to manufacture, that may contain necessary conflict minerals.

To mitigate potential human rights violations in the conflict minerals supply chain, Linde’s due diligence process conforms, in all material respects, with the framework set forth in the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict Affected and High Risk Areas (OECD Guidance) and the related supplements for gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten.

Linde has adopted a Conflict Materials Supply Policy.

This policy is available on Linde’s website at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents global procurement linde conflict free materials supply policy.pdf la en.

Linde’s due diligence process includes monitoring the performance and continual improvement of its suppliers, and, where relevant, with their suppliers, and reporting to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), on Linde’s website at: https: irpages2.eqs.com websites lindeplc English 3210 us sec filing.html secFilingId 26b3d83c ac59 4fc6 afb6 5944331622f9 format html shortDesc Specialized%20Disclosure%20Report.

Linde continues to work with these suppliers to ensure conformance with its policy and standards and with applicable law.

Slavery in Supply Chain: Linde has policies in conformance with country regulation.

For example, in the U.K., Linde has published a policy in conformance with The U.K. Modern Anti Slavery Act of 2015 that reiterates its opposition to the use of all forms of child, compulsory or forced labor at our operations and establishes the expectation that our business partners, suppliers and contractors will demonstrate similar intolerance for such practices.

Sex Trafficking on Truck Driving Routes: Linde works with major NGOs active in this area to train its network of employee and contractor truck drivers to help mitigate this crime.

Voluntary action is ongoing in Brazil, U.S. and Canada, and in 2019, was extended to Mexico.

Regular reviews are conducted across all regions to confirm that processes are set up to ensure compliance with corporate policies, including human rights, compliance, safety and employment, and labor standards.

Many of these themes fall under regular Linde management and are managed through those functions.

Current procedures in place would allow for up to termination (for employees) or discontinuation of contracts (for suppliers), if any confirmed human rights violations were found.

See 404 1 for a description of training and other programs to reinforce compliance, safety and fair labor practices.

To Linde's knowledge, in 2022, there were no grievances related to human rights filed through formal organizational grievance mechanisms by individuals or groups, internal or external to the organization, and none through the Integrity Hotline.

CBI (2): Adherence is required by employees employees are trained annually and certify acknowledgment.

HSE Policy (1): Through ongoing training of employees and contractors and regular auditing of health and safety management, the company ensures that the requirements for health protection and safety precautions are systematically and sustainably implemented in its processes.

Compliance, HR, SHEQ and business management ensure compliance with uniformly high safety standards and initiate necessary guidelines, strategies and programs.

Wide ranging measures to promote health and wellbeing at company sites (e.g., medical check ups, training on stress management lifestyle options, availability of fitness centers).

No actions required as no issues occurred that would require measures beyond the already established mitigation plans.

Remediation actions are integral to the Compliance and SHEQ programs.

Linde businesses record worldwide incidents that occur.

A root cause evaluation is performed, a report is provided to Executive Leadership and best practices are shared.

No actions required as no issues occurred that would require measures beyond the already established mitigation plans.

Diversity Inclusion (D I) initiatives to enhance respect and diversity, including worldwide training in the CBI, D I principles and policies, unconscious bias.

Corporate goal established to increase the proportion of women overall and in management monthly review with business and functional leaders and corporate management Integrity Hotline (3).

A range of avenues provided to report potential discrimination issues, including anonymously through the Integrity Hotline.

No actions required as the company received no indications of human rights violations that would require measures beyond the already established mitigation plans the company has no reports or knowledge of any systematic discrimination.

Verified misconduct is not tolerated and results in appropriate disciplinary measures, up to and including termination of employment.

No remediation actions as the company received no indications of human rights violations that would require measures beyond the already established mitigation plans.

In case of material breach of the SCOC, Linde’s Ts Cs note that may terminate the business relationship, subject to contract conditions or other rights or legal grounds.

Where applicable, general procurement Terms Conditions (Ts Cs) (4) include Linde’s.

By accepting applicable Ts Cs, the supplier acknowledges Linde's SCOC and is required to comply with the SCOC (e.g., through self assessments).

As part of the standard documentation for all new and renewing contractors, suppliers under applicable Ts Cs must confirm conformance with the SCOC and with Linde’s CBI or equivalent policies of their own.

Contractors working at Linde plants are required to receive safety induction training.

Linde is committed to maintaining long term relationships with its suppliers where they contribute continued business value.

Certain suppliers are audited on a planned schedule and on a broad scope.

If deviations are discovered, Linde is committed to working with suppliers on remedies through capacity building, education and training.

Continued, material and or willful non conformance are grounds for contract termination.

Linde may inspect or appoint a third party inspector if it believes a supplier may be in material breach of the SCOC.

Material breaches of Linde’s applicable Ts Cs include, but are not limited to, incidents of forced or child labor, corruption and bribery, and failure to comply with the SCOC’s environmental protection requirements.

Integrity Hotline (3) provides various ways of reporting potential issues for employees or third parties.

Product safety management steers product stewardship.

Worldwide tracking of relevant products and their application with respect to potential.

No actions required beyond the already established mitigation plans.

Safety Data Sheets provided in 40 languages to inform customers about relevant safety measures.

Integrity Hotline (3) provides various ways of reporting potential issues for employees or third parties.

Linde connects with community members by fostering activities that support community life and development, principally through Linde’s employee Community Engagement activities.

A new SD 2028 target is that the U.S. engineering organization conducts community relations outreach as part of pre project planning.

Integrity Hotline (3) provides various ways of reporting potential issues for employees or third parties.

No actions required beyond the already established mitigation plans.

This is reported annually in Linde’s Form SD and in its Sustainable Development Report, both posted on Linde’s website at: http: www.linde.com.

In the U.S., employees have formed a political action committee (PAC).

Under the umbrella of this independent registered committee, employees collect donations to politicians, political parties and associations and make their own decisions as to how the funds are used.

The PAC Executive Committee has broad employee representation and approves all political contributions made on behalf of the PAC.

The Linde PAC is governed by a series of internal policies and adheres to a strict set of by laws.

In 2022 to the beginning of 2023, total PAC contributions totaled 6.500 to local, state and federal candidates for elected office representing both political parties.

Policy related data reported below includes contributions to political campaigns (from the Linde PAC), and Linde’s contributions to trade associations, tax exempt organizations and lobbying firms.

In 2022, the total contribution was approximately 3 million, of which more than half was for trade associations and tax exempt organizations.

The actual amounts of the memberships that relate to policy is significantly less.

There was no spending on ballot measures or referendums.

Political contributions receipts and disbursements are reported in detail and disclosed publicly.

This detail can be found on the U.S. Federal Elections Commission website at: https: www.fec.gov data committee C00283440 cycle 2022.

Linde’s political contributions policy is provided at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents compliance policies political contributions lobbying policy.pdf la en.

The two largest public policy advocacy issues for 2022 related to the promotion of clean hydrogen production and carbon capture policies.

Linde and or its customers is to reduce GHG emissions or advance the use of low carbon fuels and energy.

See the Prioritizing Clean Energy and the Performance Towards Targets sections for more details.

Global progress and adoption of hydrogen and other alternatives to fossil fuels is key to global reduction of GHGs and Linde’s commitment to its own climate change targets.

Today, Linde has the largest liquid hydrogen production capacity and distribution system in the world.

It also operates the world’s first commercial high purity hydrogen storage cavern, which, coupled with an unrivaled pipeline network of approximately 1000 kilometers, enables the company to reliably supply our customers.

With more than 200 hydrogen refueling stations and 80 hydrogen electrolysis plants installed worldwide, Linde is at the forefront of the transition to clean hydrogen and clean energy and includes decarbonization investments within its SD 2028 targets.

For more information on Linde’s policy, also see its CDP Climate Change Response, which will be published at the end of July, at: https: www.linde.com media linde merger documents sustainable development 2023 cdp response climate change.pdf.

In addition to reporting political contributions, Linde also reports on trade associations in which the company is a member.

Two of the largest trade associations in which the company is a member include the ACC and Compressed Gas Association (CGA).

Linde has a team of business, engineering, operations and safety professionals that examine the potential environmental, health and safety risks of every new product.

The entire life cycle of the product from raw material procurement through manufacturing, distribution, use and disposal is reviewed.

Significant product or service categories are covered by and assessed for compliance with these procedures.

Risk Review: Identify the potential risks in each phase of the product's lifecycle and the design features and management systems that minimize those risks.

Product Design Safety: Consider how a product may be used or misused, and identify design features that could mitigate potential hazards.

Procurement Specification and Control: Verify compliance with purchased material requirements and specifications.

Manufacturing Control: Establish procedures and train personnel to ensure consistent product quality within product specifications.

Distribution and Installation Control: Establish procedures and train personnel to ensure safe product deliveries, storage and customer application.

Hazard Communication: Communicate information on the safe use and handling of each product in a timely manner through appropriate use of.

Safety Data Sheets (SDSs), product labeling, product use instructions, customer training and support.

Product Disposal: Establish procedures to identify products that are no longer suitable for customer use and refurbish, replace or dispose of them in an environmentally safe manner.

Incident Reporting and Investigation: Report, investigate and analyze incidents involving product misuse and disposal to learn more about product risks and to take corrective action.

Product Design Safety: Design reviews consider the ways that the product may be used or misused and include design features that mitigate associated hazards and help protect customer safety.

Risk Review: During Linde's product risk review process, new products are evaluated to identify potential health, safety and environmental risks associated with each phase of the product's life, and to identify product design features and management systems that will adequately control those risks.

R D evaluates commercialization projects, from ideation to launch, for environmental and health and safety impacts.

Linde's product stewardship conforms to the RCMS and is certified to applicable sections in the standard.

Manufacturing control procedures are established, and personnel involved in the manufacturing process are trained to help ensure consistent product quality within product specifications.

Procurement Specification and Control: The specifications for materials purchased from others are communicated to suppliers, and compliance with those requirements is adequately verified.

Linde's program on Safety Leadership: Training, Resources, and Personal Commitment, provides additional details.

Distribution and Installation Control: Procedures are established, and personnel involved in product distribution and customer site equipment installation are trained to help ensure safe product deliveries, storage and customer application.

Incident Reporting and Investigation: Incidents involving misuse and disposal of products are reported, investigated and analyzed to learn more about product risks and, if necessary, provide a basis for corrective action.

Hazard Communication: Information on the safe use and handling of each product, together with relevant health, safety and environmental protection information, is communicated to the customer in a timely manner through appropriate use of SDSs, product labeling, product use instructions, customer training and support upon request.

Product Recall: Procedures are established to help ensure that products already in the marketplace can be recalled or upgraded, if necessary, when previously unidentified risks associated with those products are discovered.

Product Disposal: When applicable, procedures are established to identify products or product components in inventory that are no longer suitable for customer use and, as appropriate, to refurbish, replace or dispose of them in an environmentally safe manner.

For 2022, the company is not aware of any reported substantial incidents of non compliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services during their lifecycle.

One hundred percent of Linde's significant product and service categories have processes in place with requirements for product and service information and labeling.

SDSs are prepared in accordance with either U.S. or European directives and are region or country specific.

Activities required for compliance with the Global Harmonized System (GHS) for Classification and Labeling are being implemented.

REACH and Chemicals of Concern: REACH and CLP regulations promulgated by the European Union require complete information on the chemical properties, hazard profile and uses of all products manufactured or imported into Europe.

The company tracks the status of all substances that must be registered through the European Chemicals Industry Association's REACH website.

This issue has been strongly prioritized in recent years because of new complexities being created by the proliferation of electronic communication.

Due to the high priority, policies and training are provided.

Dedicated cybersecurity teams conduct surveillance for potential threats and implement both procedural and technological controls to protect data and to ensure safe, uninterrupted operations.

There are also training programs for employees and cybersecurity awareness programs.

Linde provides data privacy awareness training as part of its offerings for employees.

As far as the company can determine, there have not been substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy and losses of data for 2022.

Monetary value of significant fines for non compliance with laws and regulations concerning the provision and use of products and services 2 27 The company is unaware of any significant penalties imposed in 2022 resulting from the use of its gas products.

The Letter from the auditor follows on pages 114 115.

Carbon Verification Service, LLC was engaged by Linde, Inc. to provide assurance of its global 2022 Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and other social metrics.

Upon being retained, Carbon Verification Service conducted a conflict of interest review to ensure that its review would be free of bias and would be done on an independent basis.

Carbon Verification Service provides only verification and auditing services to its clients, including Linde, Inc., to avoid conflict of interest concerns.

Carbon Verification Service is not owned or operated by any other entity.

The objective of the verification was to provide reasonable assurance of certain reported KPIs and limited assurance of other reported KPI values and to assess the accuracy, completeness, relevance, consistency and transparency of Linde, Inc.'s information and assertions.

Carbon Verification Service assessed conformance of Linde, Inc.’s GHG emission inventory with The Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

The level of assurance provided for each KPI is specified in the table, below.

The verification protocol employed for verification of Linde, Inc.’s 2022 GHG emissions was ISO 14064 3 (2006): Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions, and is consistent with the requirements for ISAE 3000.

Consensus protocols for the verification of the KPI metrics, other than GHG emissions, do not currently exist.

Carbon Verification Service utilized the same verification principles prescribed by ISAE 3000 to guide the verification of this data.

Carbon Verification Service, LLC reviewed selected quantitative KPIs.

The verification was based on desk audits of data from 46 sites that were, as in past years, selected so as to be representative of Linde, Inc.'s global geographies and businesses.

In person site visits were conducted at the Whiting, Indiana Hydrogen plant and the Cantarell, Mexico Air Separation Plant.

In addition, one virtual site visit was conducted at the Air Separation Plant in Yantai, China.

We did not review all information and supporting documentation associated with the KPIs for all of Linde, Inc.’s global locations and facilities.

Linde, Inc. management is responsible for the reported KPIs and for the process of assembling the data upon which the reported KPI values are based.

Based upon the verification work performed from March through May 2023, there is no evidence that Linde, Inc.’s KPI data assertions, which appear in the table below, are not materially correct and are not a fair representation of data and information and have not been prepared in accordance with accepted standards and practice.

Community Engagement: cash raised or donated by employees and facilities.

Community Engagement: cash raised or donated by employees and facilities, and including in kind donations.

These eKPI metrics were not fully verified they are calculated from the verified total electricity consumption value.

Linde has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.

Standards, and that the references for disclosures 2 1 to 2 5, 3 1 and 3 2 are aligned with the appropriate sections in the body of the report.

See pages 4 and 5 of the 2022 Annual Report (10K) at: https: investors.linde.com media linde investors docu ments full year financial reports 2022 linde annual report to shareholders.pdf la en.

See also pages 4 5 of the 2022 Annual Report (10K) at: https: investors.linde.com media linde investors doc uments full year financial reports 2022 linde annual report to shareholders.pdf la en.

See also pages 22 26 of the 2022 Annual Report (10K) at: https: investors.linde.com media linde investors docu ments full year financial reports 2022 linde annual report to shareholders.pdf la en.

See also https: www.linde.com abo ut linde board of directors.

See pages 21 and 29 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 8 and 14 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 10 12, 15 and 17 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See page 11 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 19 20 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See page 17 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See also page 2 of Linde’s Audit Committee’s Charter at https: www.linde.com media linde merger docu ments corporate governance audit committee charter.pdf la en.

See also http: www.linde.com about linde sustainable development reporting center hotline reports.

See pages 29 and 30 31 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 15 16 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 46 53 and 56 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 53 60 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See pages 88 and 65 of Linde’s Proxy Statement at: https: irpages2.eqs.com w ebsites lindeplc English 321 0 us sec filing.html secFilingId 958b5f ff 2966 427c 8cb6 c31bcb7e37b5 shortDesc Pr oxy%20Statement%20%28de finitive%29 format html.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 4 5 and 8.

See also https: www.linde.com abo ut linde vision mission values.

See also pages 8 and 9 of the Code of Business Integrity at https: www.linde.com media linde merger docu ments compliance policies code of business integrity.pdf la en.

See also Linde’s Human Rights Policy at https: www.linde.com sust ainable development policies and position statements human rights policy.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 48, 57 and 79.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 59 and 112.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 37 39 and 41 43.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 47, 57, 78.

See pages 22 and 59 of the 2022 Annual Report (10K) at: https: investors.linde.com media linde investors docu ments full year financial reports 2022 linde annual report to shareholders.pdf la en.

Also, voluntary turnover is disclosed, but not reported otherwise or by age group or by minority group.

Linde considers additional information regarding human resources data as business confidential and does not disclose this publicly.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 78 79 and 81.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 78 79 and 82.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 78 79 and 86.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 78 79 and 81 82.

The following is not disclosed: Percentage of employees by minority group.

Linde considers additional information regarding human resources data as business confidential and does not disclose this publicly.

The following are not disclosed: The percentage of discrimination incidents and their corrective actions is not completely reported, separately within the total number of hotline reports.

Linde considers additional information regarding human resources data as business confidential and does not disclose this publicly.

See Sustainable Development Report, pages 109 110.

At Linde, we are relentless in our mission of making our world more productive, sustainably.

We build on our pioneering past to shape the future, propelled by the power of today’s transformative technologies and our people’s ingenuity.

We believe in the benefits of collaboration and promote a culture of respect, integrity, recognition and inclusion, and take pride in delivering innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers.

Linde is a company name used by Linde plc and its affiliates.

The Linde logo, the Linde word and TRADEMARK are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linde plc or its affiliates.