At Qualcomm, we take our responsibility as a global leader seriously.

We believe technology can transform industries, businesses, communities and individual lives, and I am proud of our contributions and progress towards this effort this year.

With this report, I would like to introduce our new Purposeful Innovation Framework guiding our decisions and 2025 Corporate Responsibility goals as we use technology to positively impact how we live, work and thrive.

It lays out three strategic areas of focus: Empowering Digital Transformation, Acting Responsibly and Operating Sustainably.

I provide highlights of each below, and I encourage you to read the full report to learn more about our commitment to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) efforts.

The past year marked an important evolution in our long term vision of enabling a world where everyone and everything is intelligently connected.

We remain focused on transitioning Qualcomm from a wireless communications company for the mobile industry to a connected processor company for the intelligent edge.

Our one technology roadmap is allowing us to efficiently scale and diversify our leading technologies across new industries, applications and experiences accelerating digital transformation and changing the world for the greater good.

Our breakthrough innovations including advanced connectivity, high performance low power processing, AI accelerated solutions and more can help tackle the world’s biggest challenges and enable society to leap forward into the digital era.

The broad digital transformation at the edge will have a profound impact and we believe everyone deserves the opportunity to participate in this intelligently connected future.

We are addressing this imperative to bridge the digital divide by working with a broad ecosystem to deploy advanced technology and solutions at scale and bring programs that strengthen economic and social development to underserved communities globally.

Providing everyone with reliable fixed or mobile internet connectivity is a major first step in creating greater access to quality education, entrepreneurial and employment opportunities, health care and other services.

We also see our advanced technologies playing an essential role in enabling efficiencies through digital transformation.

Connected vehicles will help reduce congestion and pollution.

Smart factories will be able to deploy flexible manufacturing lines to improve productivity and energy use.

And precision agriculture will enable farmers to optimize the use of water and fertilizer to mitigate waste and reduce environmental impact.

In our own operations, we are doing our part as well.

Last year, to reflect our belief that environmental sustainability is imperative for our collective future, we announced our plans to achieve net zero global emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040 and committed to the Science Based Targets initiative’s (SBTi) Business Ambition for 1.5 C. During our first full year of implementing this strategy, we’ve already made progress by reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 4 percent, with a total reduction of 28 percent since 2014.

We also joined The Climate Pledge, a cross sector community of companies committed to be net zero by 2040, 10 years ahead of the Paris Agreement’s goals.

Further, we engaged with our suppliers to tackle value chain emission reductions in a collaborative and open manner.

In recognition of the positive impact our technology can have on society, we are proud to be included in the Fortune Change the World list for the third time since 2019.

The list recognizes companies that are making important social or environmental impacts through innovative business strategies.

We are also pleased to be acknowledged, once again, for our leading ESG performance and disclosures in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and Newsweek’s list of America’s Most Responsible Companies.

Additional awards and recognitions can be found in the Our Awards and Recognitions section of this report.

We believe in making the world smarter, more connected and more sustainable.

We will continue to build on our progress and remain centered around purposeful innovation to create a better future for everyone.

At Qualcomm, we believe that breakthrough innovation depends on the collective effort of the best and brightest minds.

Teams that bring a wealth of backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and skillsets are the driving force behind our innovation, strategy and success.

An inclusive and inspiring workplace where everyone is welcome and has the opportunity to succeed provides the foundation to further expand diverse talent and develop our future leaders.

This year, I signed Disability:IN’s CEO Letter on Disability Inclusion, to continue advancing equality and inclusion and to serve as a positive example for CEOs and organizations globally.

As part of our commitment to championing and empowering our people, we continue to make progress on our 2025 goals.

We increased our representation of women in leadership1 by more than 7 percent, our representation of underrepresented minorities (URM2) leadership by more than 5 percent and our overall representation of URMs by more than 12 percent, since 2020.

Further, we understand the importance of developing a pipeline of highly skilled science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) innovators.

In 2022, we achieved our 2025 goal to engage 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe.

As technology and innovation continue to drive a more connected world, it is imperative that we remain steadfast in our commitment to inspiring the next generation of inventors.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level.

For technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander and American Indian or Native American.

For non technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Native American and Asian.

Qualcomm enables a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected.

As the world’s leading wireless technology innovator, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to enable next gen experiences and drive digital transformation pioneering positive impact for a more connected world.

With our leadership in wireless connectivity, high performance, low power computing and on device AI, Qualcomm and our family of Snapdragon platforms are powering the connected intelligent edge.

Our one technology roadmap scales its leading portfolio of essential mobile innovations to advance the connectivity evolution and expand our breakthrough technology solutions to support virtually every connected device across industries and sectors, including automotive, edge networking and the Internet of Things (IoT).

Throughout our history, we’ve made the impossible possible.

We continue to inspire new inventions that help enable our customers and partners to create technologies and experiences we’ve yet to imagine.

We are proud to be the technology partner of choice to many of the world’s largest enterprises to enable their digital transformation at the edge.

When we break through, the ecosystem leaps forward and the world benefits forever transforming the ways society lives, works and connects with each other.

Other than for certain of our radio frequency front end (RFFE) modules and radio frequency (RF) filter products, QCT utilizes a fabless production model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made.

Therefore, we primarily rely on third parties to perform the manufacturing and assembly, and most of the testing, of our integrated circuits based primarily on our proprietary designs and test programs.

Our suppliers are also responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits.

The majority of our foundry and semiconductor assembly and test suppliers are located in the Asia Pacific region.

QCT primarily uses internal fabrication facilities to manufacture certain RFFE modules and RF filter products, and its manufacturing operations consist of front end and back end processes.

The front end processes primarily take place at manufacturing facilities located in Germany and Singapore and involve the imprinting of substrate wafers with the structure and circuitry required for the products to function (also known as wafer fabrication).

The back end processes include the assembly, packaging and test of RFFE modules and RF filter products and their preparation for distribution.

Our back end manufacturing facilities are located in China and Singapore.

Snapdragon is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and or its subsidiaries.

QCT is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuits and system software based on 3G 4G 5G and other technologies for use in wireless voice and data communications, networking, computing, multimedia and global positioning systems products.

QTL grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property (IP) portfolio.

QSI makes strategic investments primarily through our Qualcomm Ventures arm that are focused on expanding or opening new opportunities for our technologies as well as supporting the design and introduction of new products and services (or enhancing existing products or services).

Other revenues included revenues from non reportable segments.

At Qualcomm, purposeful innovation is at the heart of everything we do.

It guides our goals and decisions as we take on some of the world’s biggest challenges, using technology to positively impact society.

We believe technology can transform industries, businesses, communities and individual lives.

We invent solutions that are foundational to the advancement of the global wireless ecosystem, improving how we work, live and, ultimately, thrive.

We invest in our people, strive to always behave with integrity and implement governance standards that uphold our Company values.

We are committed to responsible business practices, from prioritizing diversity, equity and inclusion, to protecting privacy, to providing leading development programs and fostering an ethical culture.

We aim to maintain safe, healthy and productive working conditions and conserve natural resources.

Our environmental efforts center on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, optimizing energy consumption, managing water use and minimizing waste throughout our operations and the communities in which we work.

Paired with the ingenuity and dedication of our people, these focus areas guide Qualcomm’s approach to address future challenges, making the impossible inevitable.

We’ve integrated corporate responsibility throughout our business, from our daily operations to our executive leadership and our Board of Directors (the Board).

Our governance structure is designed to facilitate accountability, transparency and the ongoing improvement of our programs.

The Governance Committee of the Board provides oversight on corporate responsibility matters, including ESG policies, programs and initiatives.

The HR and Compensation Committee of the Board provides oversight on policies, programs and initiatives focusing on workforce and diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI).

The Audit Committee of the Board provides oversight on the Company’s information technology security cybersecurity policies, risk mitigation and recovery plans and other programs and activities.

Our ESG Leadership Committee reports at least annually on the Company’s corporate responsibility and ESG policies, programs, initiatives and reporting to the Governance Committee of the Board.

Our ESG Leadership Committee provides guidance on global ESG issues that are most important to Qualcomm and our key stakeholders so that it remains a central and visible component of our business strategy.

This Committee is composed of executives and senior management from functions across the Company, including Human Resources (HR), DEI Legal, Government Affairs, Supply Chain, Procurement, Licensing, Privacy, Cybersecurity, Risk and Compliance, Investor Relations, Operations and Finance, among others.

Our ESG Governance Committee implements directives from the ESG Leadership Committee into company wide programs, measures progress on achieving our goals and reports accomplishments and challenges.

This Committee includes managers and other subject matter experts from functions across the Company, including Investor Relations, Supply Chain Management, DEI, STEM Education, Operations, Human Rights, Privacy, Cybersecurity, Health and Safety and Legal, among others.

The ESG issues overseen by these committees include climate change mitigation and adaptation, STEM education, DEI, supply chain sustainability including forced labor risks, social impact programs, human rights, health and safety, sustainability reporting, policy and regulation and resource management, among others.

Our Board values insights brought through a broad range of perspectives, including diversity in professional experience and competencies gender and racial, ethnic and national backgrounds.

The Governance Committee of the Board is responsible for reviewing the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members within the context of prevailing business conditions and the composition of the Board.

Diversity with respect to gender, race and ethnicity including individuals from underrepresented communities is one of many criteria considered in the selection of director nominees.

As part of its efforts to create a diverse Board, the Governance Committee includes, and instructs any search firm it engages to include, women and individuals from underrepresented communities in the pool of candidates from which the Governance Committee selects director nominees.

The Board aspires to maintain a diverse composition in which, generally, at least three of its members are women and at least three of its members are from underrepresented communities.

Conversations with our key stakeholders are essential to assuring that our corporate responsibility strategy, priorities and efforts align with the current needs of our business and meet the expectations of the people, organizations and communities that have an interest in our Company.

Our primary stakeholder groups are our employees, investors, customers, suppliers, governments and communities where we operate, including civil society and non governmental organizations (NGOs).

We are committed to transparency in our engagements with stakeholders to develop trusted and constructive relationships.

We consistently seek ways to better communicate and obtain feedback on a variety of topics.

The following table provides some examples of our stakeholder engagement practices and topics in 2022.

Strategic engagement and consultation on specific issue areas.

Neighbor relations officers at our three manufacturing facilities.

Global regions account teams’ direct engagement and meetings.

Quarterly All Hands Meeting with executives, including a live Q A session.

Meetings with elected officials, heads of state and relevant policy influencers.

Leadership in trade associations and industry groups.

Attendance and presentations at forums and conferences.

Participation in U.S. government educational hearings.

Responding to surveys from ESG research and rating agencies.

Participated in major investment conferences to explain our business strategies, financial performance and commitment to stockholder value creation.

Supply Chain team direct engagement through various means (meetings, email, etc.

Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) analysis tools.

In addition to meetings, perception surveys and other direct and indirect engagement practices, we have several online channels that provide opportunities for different stakeholders to provide us with valuable and ongoing input about our corporate responsibility efforts.

Our corporate responsibility webpage provides additional information not found in this annual corporate responsibility report and allows all external stakeholders to ask direct questions of our team.

We respond to messages on a wide range of issues related to our corporate responsibility strategy and overall performance.

We can be reached at Sustainability.ESG qualcomm.com.

We also receive and respond to messages and feedback through our social media channels.

Since 2013, we have regularly engaged third party experts to conduct ESG materiality assessments, which identify and prioritize the corporate responsibility impacts, risks and opportunities that we address to help ensure our long term business success.

As part of the materiality assessment process, Qualcomm systematically engages stakeholders through interviews and surveys to capture a wide range of perspectives.

Recognizing that stakeholder priorities shift over time, we closely monitor our top issues for emerging developments and adjust reporting and programmatic efforts accordingly.

Our use of the word materiality throughout this report encompasses our whole value chain, both within and outside the Company, but it is not the same materiality relevant for U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) purposes.

Issues deemed material for the purposes of this report may not be deemed material for SEC reporting purposes.

Enrich the lives of 27 million people by continuing to bring technology to underserved communities around the world through Qualcomm Wireless Reach, from a 2006 base year3.

Continue to inspire the next generation of inventors by engaging 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe in our strategic STEM initiatives: our home grown Qualcomm Thinkabit Lab , our collaboration with FIRST and our STEM community partnerships, from a 2020 base year.

Ensure 100% of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers are audited every 2 years for conformance to the Supplier Code of Conduct, from a 2020 base year.

Increase representation of women in leadership5 by 15%, from a 2020 base year.

Increase underrepresented minorities (URM6) leadership representation by 15%, from a 2020 base year.

Increase overall URM representation by 20%, from a 2020 base year.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions by 30%, from a 2014 base year4.

Reduce power consumption by 10% every year7 in our flagship Snapdragon Mobile Platform products.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030, from a 2020 base year4.

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030, from a 2020 base year4.

Reach net zero global GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040.

For technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander and American Indian or Native American.

For non technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Native American and Asian.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level.

In a time when our breakthrough technologies can be the foundation for life changing products, experiences and industries, we believe we have a significant opportunity to positively change the world.

We believe that Qualcomm has a long standing reputation for conducting business with integrity, providing a great place to work, developing solutions for a sustainable world and much more.

The awards and recognitions we obtain reflect our steadfast commitment to continue to advance purposeful innovation.

Investor’s Business Daily, Best ESG Companies: 2021.

Forbes, America’s Best In State Employers: 2022, 2021.

Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE), in Technology: 2020.

National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), Chairman.

CEO World: The World’s Most Influential CEOs: 2022.

San Diego Business Journal, CEO of the Year List:.

CSR: Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality: 2022.

San Diego Business Journal, CFO of the Year List:.

Disability:IN, Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion:.

Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), North America:.

San Diego Business Journal, Women of Influence in Technology: 2022.

United Negro College Fund, Corporation of the Year: 2021.

Women Engineer Magazine, Top 50 Employers: 2021, 2020.

Qualcomm is an invention company that solves fundamental technology problems at the heart of everyday life.

The vast majority of cell phones on earth utilize our technology.

Our inventions have helped power the growth in smartphones, which have connected billions of people.

We make our connected world and future possible by pushing the boundaries of connectivity, artificial intelligence (AI), virtual reality (VR) and more.

We are a global leader in the development and commercialization of foundational technologies for the wireless industry.

Our technologies and products are used in mobile devices and other wireless products and are sold across industries and applications from mobile handsets to automotive to IoT and beyond.

We share our inventions broadly through our licensing program enabling wide ecosystem access to technologies at the core of mobile innovation and through the sale of our wireless integrated circuit platforms and other products.

We believe in good faith license negotiations and fair value for our patented technology.

We believe this approach to licensing creates efficiency in the ecosystem and reflects the value and innovation that our research, developments and contributions provide.

We collaborate across the ecosystem, which includes manufacturers, operators, developers, system integrators, cloud providers, tool vendors, service providers, governments and industry standards organizations, to enable a global environment to drive continued progress and growth.

We inspire the development of regionally relevant use cases of advanced 4G and 5G connectivity, AI at the network edge and IoT through deep technology incubators and mentorship programs for early stage startups in many emerging markets, including India, Taiwan and Vietnam.

We invest heavily in R D, have a long history of driving innovation and have developed foundational technologies that help drive the continued evolution of the wireless industry.

We bring advanced wireless technologies to people and communities who need it most, facilitating new business models and unlocking societal benefits that serve the greater good.

The technology development at the foundation of our solutions is governed by our Technical Business Review (TBR) process with oversight by our Chief Technology Officer (CTO).

The goal of the TBR process is to align long term technology development with product (application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) and software) roadmaps.

The output of the TBR results in guidance for the development of industry leading technology roadmaps across all our business units and the R D spend needed for key technology areas.

These technology areas feed into Qualcomm’s one technology roadmap and span processing, connectivity, visual technologies, rendering technologies, AI, security and system level technologies needed for various business units (e.g., mobile, compute, automotive, connected systems and networking).

Reduce power consumption by 10%, every year8, in our flagship Snapdragon Mobile Platform products.

Enrich the lives of 27 million people by continuing to bring technology to underserved communities around the world through Qualcomm Wireless Reach by 2025, from a 2006 base year9.

Continue to foster next generation of innovators by inspiring 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe through our STEM initiatives by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

The wireless communications industry is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and, with the use of 5G, the expansion into new industries or applications, such as automotive and IoT.

Staying at the forefront of so much change requires a continuous effort to enhance existing products and technologies and to develop new products and technologies.

To enable this continuous evolution, we have made significant and long term investment in R D with more than 20 percent of revenues invested in R D since 2006.

Our investment already exceeds more than 70B more than 140,000 patents and patent applications, and more than 35 years of innovation in chipsets, software, services and integrated platform solutions.

We have research and development centers in various locations throughout the world, but primarily in Europe, China, India and the United States.

Just as we make long strides in our R D efforts to drive leading contributions to technologies powering the connected intelligent edge, we make long term investments to drive growth in countries and markets by investing in STEM talent, universities, startups and operators and by collaborating on government initiatives and with our licensees.

From being a trusted knowledge advisor in spectrum selection and 5G development, deployment and commercialization, to supporting startups around the world at multiple stages of their lifecycles, to developing research collaborations designed to cultivate critical new technologies, to offering tens of thousands of hours of technical and intellectual property (IP) rights training programs, we help broader technology ecosystems flourish.

Since our founding, we have prioritized supporting innovative academic research with a range of university programs helping the academic community to develop new ideas and solutions in a broad range of technological research areas at leading universities around the world.

Annually, we engage with more than 100 research faculty, award more than 50 student research fellowships and sponsor more than 70 academic conferences and academia initiatives.

In our engagements with academia, we share our expertise and tools across a range of technologies to facilitate research and encourage talent development.

We also support regional innovation through incubation and mentorship programs that cultivate promising startups in vital technology areas.

We offer engineering guidance, business coaching and IP programs and trainings to help startups grow and prosper into successful technology businesses.

Our programs which take zero equity in the incubated startups have a proven record of helping startups receive venture funding, file patent applications and expand their business beyond their home countries.

Our incubation challenges are complemented by other Company programs that support startups at different levels of their lifecycles including late stage venture capital investment.

These Company supported programs have incubated or mentored more than 162 startups since 2016 in emerging markets, particularly those with an intensifying design talent pool and growing supply chain and local manufacturing expertise, such as India, Taiwan and Vietnam.

The startup incubation programs in these countries were launched in 2016, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

In many markets, we have a special emphasis on helping startups founded or led by women entrepreneurs.

For instance, the 2020 2021 and 2021 2022 Qualcomm Women Entrepreneurs India Network (QWEIN) programs mentored 14 and 11 early stage women led startups, respectively representing diverse sectors, including healthcare, IoT, robotics, clean technology, agricultural technology, extended reality (XR) and logistics.

The 2022 2023 program will mentor an additional 11 women led startups.

In many countries, we run the annual startup incubation programs in a competition style format, during which a set of top startups are initially identified through a rigorous selection process, subsequently incubated through a period of several months and finally invited to compete in a pitch and demo stage in front of a jury comprising of industry and government members, where three winners are selected.

In the 2021 India startup cohort, the top winners announced in March 2022 were Dhruva Space Pvt.

Ltd. (a space tech startup with its low Earth orbit satellite to enable 5G Radio Access Network), Ossus Biorenewables Pvt.

Ltd. (with their innovative smart autonomous bioreactor generating green hydrogen from industrial effluents) and Nimble Vision Pvt.

Ltd. (with their Ni Smart manhole product to monitor sewage flow).

Twelve additional startups are being incubated in the 2022 India program and are expected to participate in the final stage in March 2023.

Separately, responding to the country’s renewed focus on semiconductors, a new program for semiconductor design startups is expected to mentor up to 10 startups in 2022 2023.

In the 2022 Taiwan startup cohort, the top winners announced in November 2022 were APrevent (specializing in the development of edge AI based solutions for accurately recognizing the speech.

Ten additional startups are being incubated in the 2023 Taiwan program, commencing in calendar Q1 2023, and are expected to participate in the final stage in Q4 2023.

In the 2022 Vietnam startup cohort, the top winners announced in September 2022 were MiSmart (agriculture drone solutions), VPTech (high end Make in Vietnam portable DAC AMPLIFIER) and GraphnicsMiner (cardboard legged robot toy kits accompanied with an AR platform).

Ten additional startups are being incubated in the 2023 Vietnam program and are expected to participate in the final stage in September 2023.

In addition to providing the startups with mentorship in advanced technology through state of the art laboratories with expertise and equipment for 4G 5G, robotics and AI machine learning, Qualcomm provides them mentorship in business areas and training on the importance of securing IP rights.

These startups have cumulatively filed more than 300 patent applications in regional and international patent offices to protect their own inventions.

Qualcomm is an expert in training partners across the ecosystem on different aspects of mobile technology from teaching world leading handset original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) core concepts that underpin 5G, to explaining the technical benefits of millimeter wave technology to multinational carriers, to training startups on IP protection and filing patent applications.

Qualcomm Wireless Academy, supported in part by QTL, is an industry leading virtual education platform that shares the world class knowledge and expertise of Qualcomm Technologies’ engineers with the greater mobile ecosystem.

As a champion of IP protection and holder of a world class patent portfolio, QTL also supports IP Rights (IPR) training programs in multiple countries.

In Europe and India, Qualcomm has collaborated with regional governments and other entities to offer IP programs called Learn to Protect (L2Pro).

These programs have helped more than 5,000 professionals understand the importance of IPR types such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets.

In the U.S., Qualcomm and the Invent Together alliance collaborated on the creation of an online learning platform called The Inventor’s Patent Academy (TIPA), which is aimed at guiding American inventors from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds through the benefits of the patent system and the process of turning their breakthroughs into patented inventions.

TIPA is part of a broader effort to foster a more inclusive patenting environment.

Since its launch in July 2022, this platform has registered more than 500 U.S. based students.

In 2022, we launched the Snapdragon Metaverse Fund to invest up to 100 million in innovative developers and companies building immersive experiences with AR, mixed reality and VR.

It is anticipated that the fund will deploy capital through a combination of venture investments in leading XR companies by Qualcomm Ventures and a grant program by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. for developer ecosystem funding in XR experiences, such as gaming, health and wellness, media, entertainment, education and enterprise.

Inventing technological breakthroughs that are taking on some of the world’s biggest challenges.

We strive to enable a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected.

As one of the world’s leading wireless technology innovators, we continue to push the boundaries of what’s possible across devices and networks to enable next generation experiences and drive digital transformation.

We design platforms, chipsets, software, tools and services that help OEMs and developers bring those technologies into products and create experiences that change how we live and work.

And we do this at scale, building technologically advanced, in demand end products that support everything from low to high complexity devices helping us serve virtually every industry at the connected intelligent edge.

Our innovations are driving the 5G standards and the benefits that define 5G, including speed, responsiveness, reliability and capacity.

Our products are accelerating the expansion of 5G, and our work behind the scenes is enabling the growth of the broader 5G ecosystem.

In addition to consumer applications, such as smartphones, 5G is also bringing increased efficiency across industries, enterprises and educational institutions.

And now, with 5G Advanced, we are entering the second phase of the 5G decade, bringing a new wave of wireless technology innovations.

We’re continuing to lead the industry in 5G Advanced with our unique expertise that spans connectivity, multimedia, AI and computing technologies.

Looking into the longer term future, we’re also leading research into foundational technologies for 6G to realize the full benefit of emerging trends in cloud computing, spectrum sharing and machine learning.

We believe that the convergence of the physical, digital and virtual worlds in 6G will enable new and transformative use cases across numerous industries, deliver next generation experiences and continue to address societal, sustainability and economic challenges into the next decade.

Some examples of the societal benefits of 5G are provided below.

Like the Internet and electricity, 5G serves as a foundation to connect everything, helping to develop a more resilient, equitable and sustainable society.

Building on our broad technology portfolio, we’re at the intersection of transformative trends that are creating new and diverse opportunities for promoting sustainability across industries.

Our help solutions improve efficiency, enable enhanced capabilities, improve safety and equity, create jobs and much more.

Qualcomm is helping to enable the digital transformation of the energy industry to create a more modern, resilient and sustainable grid.

Our smart sensors, smart meters and edge gateways offer electric utilities cost and power efficient solutions for the monitoring of grid assets and management of decentralized resources, enabling faster decision making for improved reliability and energy efficiency.

Using the power of the connected intelligent edge, network infrastructure is deployed without costly infrastructure upgrades, while security, reliability and resiliency are enhanced.

We help utilities and their customers increase the efficiency of power distribution and consumption and integrate renewable energy resources.

While preparing for the electrification of everything, 5G, which offers faster data transfer, higher reliability and lower latency, can help utilities accelerate their transition to a more sustainable grid with cleaner energy to better serve their communities.

In particular, we improved the 5G modem power by 20 percent from Snapdragon 8 Gen1 in 2021 to Snapdragon 8 Gen2 in 2022.

The efficiency and power savings advances in each processor functional block add up to considerable potential battery run time savings.

We are leveraging our strong foundation in building power efficient smartphone devices into all our product categories.

Our solutions for AI, vehicular autonomy and network infrastructure each have leading performance for power consumption.

In addition to fostering power efficiency for mobile devices, we are collaborating with wireless network and service providers in creating technologies targeting improved power efficiency in communication networks, thereby enabling greener wireless communications.

Qualcomm Cellular Vehicle to Everything (C V2X) solutions, which include vehicle to vehicle (V2V), vehicle to infrastructure (V2I), vehicle to pedestrian (V2P) and vehicle to network (V2N) communication, can complement use of 5G networks and provide direct communications connectivity for low latency, safety critical and mobility benefiting applications.

Together, these technologies can increase safety and equity for vehicle passengers and vulnerable road users and advance sustainability.

Connected transportation systems are designed to support new roadside and driver services that mitigate roadway incidents and improve trip planning, transportation mode choice and traffic efficiency enhancements that also lower emissions and reduce fuel consumption.

Examples include real time route guidance to bypass congestion, adjusting vehicle dynamics for optimal speed with less braking and idling for lower emissions and fuel use and personal mobility services for additional travel options.

With wide scale market penetration, the annual environmental impact of C V2X could be equivalent to more than 46 million acres of U.S. forests sequestering carbon10.

C V2X applications can improve safety and travel mode options for vulnerable road users, such as pedestrians and pedal cyclists in underserved communities who are disproportionately impacted by fatalities in both urban and rural areas.

Cyclist fatality rates are 23 percent higher for Latinos and 30 percent higher for African Americans11.

Low income, Black and Latino communities also have higher vehicular traffic volumes, trucking routes, major arterial roads, intersections that are unsafe or impassable by foot or bike and an overall lower level and quality of walking and cycling infrastructure12.

In addition to preventing collisions for enhanced safety, information exchanged between road users and infrastructure can also inform mobility on demand to increase transportation equity in these communities.

In rural areas, the fatality rate per 100 million vehicle miles traveled is 2 times higher than in urban areas13 and the lack of connectivity to support emergency response could be a major cause of rural deaths.

Complementary network coverage on rural roads is key to addressing these challenges.

Vehicles equipped with connectivity can communicate with their surroundings to enhance safety for road users.

Connected vehicles communicate safety information to reduce road incidents and potentially save lives a notable example involves providing emergency vehicles the ability to pre empt traffic signals as they approach, turning them green while also alerting surrounding vehicles of their approach, providing them with advanced notice to safely move out of the way.

Connectivity also benefits automated vehicles, such as allowing a robotaxi to communicate with passengers and emergency responders in the event of a malfunctioning vehicle.

In circumstances where automated vehicles are unable to understand their environment and make decisions, connectivity also allows for remote driving to support continued operation.

Vehicles used for last mile deliveries also benefit from connectivity when operating in restricted areas with low mobility.

In addition to cellular networks, satellite connectivity can provide communication in a multitude of scenarios to support safer roads everywhere.

With 37 percent14 of the world population still offline, people without broadband Internet connectivity are cut off from information and opportunities, including access to work, education and healthcare.

Our pioneering work in millimeter wave and devices with large antenna counts allows FWA technology to meet today’s challenging customer needs.

It has already been launched in 45 countries or territories by 83 operators16.

If deployed fully, FWA could provide home Internet access for the first time to 850 million people around the world within the next decade16.

This would almost close the home Internet divide in high income countries and connect the homes of 750 million people in emerging and developing countries16.

As connectivity facilitates access to work, income, information, markets and services, this holds the potential to facilitate global economic growth in 2023.

As each generation of device gets smarter more power is typically required.

The additional power must be drawn from a device’s relatively small battery.

Mitigating this energy challenge has always been a chief focus at our Company, and commitment to power efficiency runs deep in our Snapdragon Platforms.

Qualcomm C V2X is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and or its subsidiaries.

Bringing advanced wireless technologies to people and communities who need it most.

Wireless Reach, our technology for good initiative, brings advanced wireless technologies to people and communities who need it most.

The initiative focuses on pioneering uses of mobile innovations to demonstrate how leading edge technologies, coupled with flexible connectivity solutions, including 4G LTE and 5G, can accelerate sustainable and inclusive development.

Through Wireless Reach, we provide grant funding to support programs that use Qualcomm enabled technologies to improve people’s lives.

To be eligible, programs must address a widespread community need in a strategic market for our Company be aligned with government information and communication technology (ICT) goals in education, healthcare, environmental and or other relevant policy objective(s) include strategic stakeholders and have measurable outcomes and a viable plan to reach scalability and sustainability.

Education: Support high quality education for all communities, regardless of income status or location, and the potential of always on, always connected mobile devices to dramatically improve teaching and learning.

We are bringing economic benefits of wireless connectivity to entrepreneurial ventures around the world by encouraging solutions that promote capacity building, scalability and longevity with micro, small and medium sized enterprises (MSMEs).

Entrepreneurship: Enable financial inclusion and reduce inequalities by empowering entrepreneurs to sell products across geographic areas, reach new consumers and access market information and mobile payment systems.

Public Safety: Aid access to critical information and communication between mobile users and law enforcement, decreasing crime rates, decreasing emergency response times and supporting disaster preparedness and response.

Environmental Sustainability: Address various factors exacerbating climate change, from informing individual level actions regarding resource management to using data to transform industry practices and policies.

Our 2025 goals serve as milestones to our long term success, and Wireless Reach is a key part of these efforts.

Through Wireless Reach, we aim to enrich the lives of 27 million people by continuing to bring technology to underserved communities around the world.

In Senegal, where 30 percent of rural household’s experience food insecurity, fish are a critical source of nutrition.

The fishery industry employs 17 percent of Senegal’s workforce (more than 600,000 people), and approximately 90 percent of the country’s fish are caught by small scale fishers who are reliant on traditional methods17.

The Wireless Solutions for Fisheries in Senegal (WISE) program was launched, in collaboration with FHI 360, to use advanced wireless technology to improve fish catch and processing practices in the country’s artisanal fish industry.

The program is designed to make the practices of fishermen and fish processors safer and more efficient and can positively impacted the income and lives of those in the sector.

In 2022, the Senegalese government announced it will be officially adopting and expanding the program nationwide.

Senegal’s ministries of fisheries and maritime economy and digital economy and telecommunications plan to institutionalize the WISE platform and support it in fishing regions across the country.

At scale, WISE can provide services and resources to 52,000 artisanal fishers and 20,000 women fish processors throughout the country and be a valuable tool in advancing Digital Senegal 2025, the government’s strategy to increase GDP and create jobs by leveraging digital technology18.

According to a February 2022 report by fhi36018, our collaboration has supported more than 200 low income economic interest groups (EIGs), serving more than 6,486 fishermen and fish processors by providing smartphones and Internet access to enable them to use WISE services.

A third party final assessment demonstrated that fishers and fish processors increased their annual income by an average of West African CFA franc (XOF) 176,923 235,400 (US 300 400), respectively, as a result of using WISE.

Women’s economic empowerment is fundamental to gender equality, poverty eradication and inclusive economic growth.

Women face barriers to start and grow businesses, including lack of confidence and access to training, networks and knowledge.

Foundation for Women (CBFW) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to implement the Women Entrepreneurs Amplifying Ventures and Economies (WEAVE) program in Vietnam and Indonesia.

WEAVE aims to increase the availability of flexible training and services and develop the business skills and confidence needed for women to grow successful MSMEs through digital technology.

We supported the development of HerVenture, a free award winning mobile learning app, engaging more than 12,000 women entrepreneurs.

The app is designed to provide women entrepreneurs of small and growing businesses with the knowledge, skills and confidence needed to successfully start and grow their enterprises by offering essential business training and support on the go.

Many HerVenture users then progressed to the Road to Growth program, a fully online learning program to develop business management and investment readiness skills.

Following Road to Growth, women entrepreneurs participated in the CBFW’s global Mentoring Women in Business program, which pairs them with dedicated mentors who provide one to one support for six months.

The HerVenture app was first piloted in 2018 in Vietnam and has since been rolled out throughout the world.

HerVenture is highly scalable, can be adapted to any geography or language and has reached more than 65,000 women globally.

It is currently available for free on iOS and Android in Vietnam, Indonesia, Kenya, South Africa, Nigeria and Guyana, with plans to expand further.

During 2022, Wireless Reach actively managed education programs designed to close the digital divide in Brazil, China, Italy, Japan, Philippines, Portugal, Spain, Taiwan, Turkey, the United States and Vietnam.

The 21st Century Classroom program is a collaboration with the China Children and Teenagers’ Fund (CCTF), a mobile broadband based learning program supports the Chinese government’s use of mobile technology to modernize education and reduce poverty, paving the way for expanded access to educational materials, and enabling greater opportunities for enriched teaching and learning.

As a result of COVID 19, demand for remote learning and online teaching increased, particularly in China.

In collaboration with CCTF, Wireless Reach expanded the program by providing 125 always connected personal computers (PCs) in 2022.

More than 200 teachers and 9,000 students benefitted from the use of these PCs in the Quannan County of Jiangxi province this year.

Since 2015, more than 1,500 teachers and 34,000 students have accessed the program’s wireless technologies and teachers’ training.

Our 5G breakthroughs are accelerating digital inclusion by enabling ultra reliable connections, seamless interactivity and expanding opportunities for collaboration among students and teachers.

In 2022, the program began creating an immersive smart school experience expected to reach 1,000 students and 45 teachers across three schools in different regions of Italy.

The program utilizes our Snapdragon 5G enabled PCs, TIM’s 5G network and WeSchool’s training on innovative and digital teaching methods.

In the 2022 2023 school year, the initiative plans to expand by doubling the number of schools where students can experience engaging and immersive educational methods.

We continue to find new areas of collaboration to help drive human and economic progress.

In 2022, we pledged our support of the Partner2Connect Digital Coalition, an alliance launched by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a United Nations specialized agency that develops programs in Africa.

STEM drives the breakthrough technologies and inventions we bring to life.

As technology leaders and a Company of inventors, we are committed to developing a highly skilled and inclusive workforce that stands ready to meet global demand and address the most pressing challenges of our time.

A diverse pipeline of STEM professionals is vital for our continued leadership in breakthrough technologies.

Help to bridge the STEM skills gap among students globally.

Leverage our employees as STEM ambassadors in our communities.

In 2022, we achieved our 2025 goal to engage 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe.

This rapid growth is partly due to in person instruction and student engagement ramping up to almost pre pandemic levels.

Additionally, we also saw strong growth across several initiatives, including our Thinkabit Lab sites and our collaborations with Million Girls Moonshot and FIRST.

Our STEM programs have reached just over 2.3 million students and over 110,000 educators since 2020.

Below are a few highlights from our initiatives, collaborations and program beneficiaries.

Our ongoing collaboration with FIRST is another important way that we are increasing access to STEM education and investing in the development of our future workforce.

FIRST is the world’s leading youth serving non profit organization advancing STEM education.

It engages students in grades PreK 12 in hands on, mentor based robotics programs to help them become science and technology leaders and well rounded contributors to society.

We have been a proud supporter of FIRST since 2006.

As a FIRST Strategic Partner, we are a thought leader along with several Fortune 500 companies that are helping to advocate for equitable access to these programs and drive innovative thinking in how programs are delivered.

We also directly support FIRST programming, events and thousands of teams globally through both funding and time donated by hundreds of employees.

Presenting Sponsor of the 2021 2022 Future of Transportation season, which reached approximately 534,0000 students in 90 countries.

For the first time since 2019, FIRST was back in person for its 2022 World Championship event in Houston, Texas.

Approximately 33,000 students and guests from more than 40 countries were in attendance surpassing the 2019 numbers.

Sponsor of the Global Innovation Awards 2022, in which 110 teams from across the world identified a problem or opportunity connected to the season’s transportation theme, designed a solution, created a business model and advanced their skills by using technology.

Students developed new ways to address cargo packaging, vaccine and medicine delivery, remote transportation, shipping efficiencies and more.

Qualcomm employees helped to mentor students along their innovation journey and provided workshops on Sustainable Design and Patent process.

FIRST programs with help from local leadership and employees.

The season’s virtual and in person programming made it possible for our Company to maintain our high level of employee engagement in FIRST programs.

Employees across the Company donated more than 9,500 hours of their time as coaches, mentors, judges and volunteers to support students in nine countries.

Looking ahead, we are excited to be the presenting sponsor for the 2022 2023 youth robotics season, FIRST ENERGIZE, which focuses on reimagining the future of sustainable energy and powering new ideas forward.

Thinkabit Lab is our homegrown STEM engagement program that introduces students to the invention process through hands on engineering activities.

Since 2014, Thinkabit Lab has engaged students from diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds to wire circuits like an electrical engineer, code like a computer scientist and build and design IoT themed inventions that address a real world problem.

These and other career exploration activities give students an idea of the variety of jobs that can be found at technology companies like Qualcomm, while helping them understand how they can use technology to shape a better world.

Adding a new sustainability theme to our projects to encourage these future inventors to integrate a sustainability mindset as part of their design and invention process.

Revamping our Wearable Tech curriculum to expand across multiple IoT sectors.

By utilizing sensors, students were able to create IoT devices that show how wearable technology can improve healthcare and public safety and make our lives more efficient.

Developing a guided experience for educators at all skills levels, providing them a suggested lesson flow, guided videos and instructional tips.

This guide is easily accessible for educators to implement our free activities in their classroom or after school program.

Incorporating a career exploration component using O NET resources and a lesson led by a Thinkabit Lab instructor.

These materials help anyone who goes to our Learning Center to engage in STEM learning, even outside of our formalized programs.

Sites are de ned as collaborating organizations that deliver the Thinkabit Lab program in either a virtual or physical capacity.

Engineering was not something that I thought was accessible to me and going through the Porterville program really opened my eyes.

The Thinkabit Lab has really affected my growth and development.

Qualcomm gave me the confidence to start dreaming about a career in engineering.

We will also focus on opportunities to provide educational resources to educators throughout the network.

At Qualcomm, we believe that bringing diverse talent together is key to unleashing creativity, innovation and breakthrough technologies.

As part of our efforts to grow the innovation economy, we’re collaborating with organizations like VentureWell to create a pipeline of diverse inventors and patent holders.

VentureWell helps cultivate the entrepreneurial skills and creativity of university students who are passionate about solving the world’s biggest challenges.

In 2022, we proudly continued funding of the VentureWell E Team program, which supports diverse student teams from across the nation who are aiming to bring their innovations out of the lab and into the marketplace.

This three stage program provides training on essential topics, such as business model development and validation, customer discovery and IP.

Students learn what it takes to launch and scale a venture, while having access to expert mentors (like Qualcomm employees) and thought leaders in social impact entrepreneurship and technology innovation.

With our support of the E Team program, VentureWell was able to train 190 diverse early stage innovators from across the U.S.

In 2022, we also collaborated on efforts to advance DEI by launching our first Innovator Stipend Program.

This program helps remove financial barriers that might prevent students from participating in the innovation ecosystem.

In total, 19 individuals from underrepresented groups were provided with stipends that would help them to continue to develop their innovations or secure a patent for their product while enrolled full time in school.

All awardees were also matched with hand selected Qualcomm mentors who provided relevant guidance in areas of IP and patenting, marketing, business model validation and more.

The Million Girls Moonshot (the Moonshot) is a transformative, nationwide initiative that’s re imagining who can engineer, who can build and who can invent.

It aims to inspire and prepare the next generation of innovators by engaging one million more girls in STEM learning opportunities through after school and summer programs by 2025.

The Moonshot aligns with our Company’s goal to increase diversity of talent in the STEM workforce pipeline.

Through a collaborative funding model, the Moonshot provides grants to every state in the United States through the 50 State After school Networks to help them support equity focused, hands on STEM learning experiences to students in after school programs.

In 2022, the Moonshot launched the 2022 Flight Crew, featuring 16 remarkable youth from across the country as STEM ambassadors.

These young leaders have been working in their communities to break down stereotypes and spark their peers’ curiosity in STEM.

The Flight Crew are committed to using after school learning to build a better future where young girls everywhere can envision a place for themselves in STEM, and they are amplifying youth voices in the national conversation around STEM equity.

The Moonshot’s second year impact includes connecting more than 1.1 million students in after school STEM programs and engaging 94,399 teachers across 50 states.

We will continue to support the Moonshot’s efforts to provide STEM programming in the 50 State After school Networks.

We are committed to operating ethically, holding ourselves and those with whom we do business to high standards of integrity.

We strive to make Qualcomm a diverse, inclusive and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities.

We promote a diverse workforce, knowing that our varied backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and ideas enhance our ability to innovate and execute on our goals.

We maintain leading development programs and offer employee incentives, wellness options and compensation packages to attract and retain top talent from around the world.

We manage data and privacy responsibly, always striving to uphold the trust of our customers and employees.

We evaluate and reduce our cyber risk profile through continuous assessment of the cyber threat landscape and the operation of our cyber vulnerability management program.

We embed cybersecurity, by design, in everything we do.

We know that for technology to fulfill its promise, it must support robust, extensible security while avoiding compromising user experience.

We believe that creating an ethical culture where employees take pride in ethical behavior is imperative.

All our employees must strive to follow the letter and spirit of the Qualcomm Way: Our Code of Business Conduct (CoBC).

We support public policies that encourage innovation, foster the proliferation of mobile technology and enable business friendly environments.

Increase representation of women in leadership19 by 15% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

Increase representation of underrepresented minorities (URMs20) in leadership by 15% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

Increase overall representation of URMs by 20% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

Ensure 100% of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers are audited every 2 years for conformance to the Supplier Code of Conduct, from a 2020 base year.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level in technical roles, and Director and above in non technical roles.

For technical positions, underrepresented minorities include Black, Hispanic Latinx, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, and American Indian or Native American.

For non technical positions, underrepresented minorities include Black, Hispanic Latinx, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Native American and Asian.

Our Company’s success is rooted in the hard work and dedication of our workforce.

We’re a diverse group of employees from varied backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and ideas.

We strive to be a workplace that reflects the world in which we do business.

Our diversity helps us increase our global awareness, create an authentic sense of belonging and accelerates our ability to innovate.

We will continue building an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone feels inventive, welcome, respected, valued and part of the team.

To that end, we have created interim goals that we aim to achieve on our way to creating a more diverse workforce.

Increase representation of women in leadership21 by 15 percent, from a 2020 base year.

Increase representation of URM22 in leadership by.

In 2022, we remained on track to meet our interim goals, making important strides by diversifying our talent pipeline and increasing development opportunities for our employees from diverse and historically underrepresented communities.

Our efforts also include expanding our global hiring and recruiting practices as well as readying our current employees for advancement through education, training, encouraging stretch assignments and mentorship.

We will also continue to engage across Qualcomm particularly with leaders, managers and our eight employee networks to achieve our goals.

Our DEI Policy highlights our promise to sustain a work environment that is inclusive, respectful and free of harassment, discrimination and retaliation.

The policy also highlights our efforts to cultivate innovators who have varying backgrounds, ideas and points of view.

We’re proud to be recognized as a leader in inclusion and diversity.

Our commitment to DEI includes providing equitable pay to our employees, promoting employee development, celebrating various heritage months and special days with our employees and building and sustaining collaborations with external organizations to provide resources and best practices to support our employees.

To build global momentum in DEI, we expanded our presence in Asia Pacific and India.

This increased representation of our DEI team translated into several successes.

In June 2022, we joined The Diversity Charter in Germany, a corporate initiative to promote employee diversity in companies and institutions.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level.

For technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander and American Indian or Native American.

For non technical positions, URM includes Black, Latinx Hispanic, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Native American and Asian.

The program aims to promote the recognition, appreciation and integration of diversity into Germany’s business culture.

In October 2022, our Company proudly sponsored and our employees and their family members marched in the Taiwan Pride Parade hosted by the Taiwan Rainbow Civil Action Association in Taipei.

This is the largest Pride event in the APAC region and is an extension of our Company’s decades long support for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning queer and others (LGBTQ ) community across the globe.

DEI is also a key part of our internal processes, including the annual employee review process.

We train our managers on job related performance assessment and bias avoidance, broadly gather feedback from managers and co workers for annual performance evaluations, calibrate ratings across managers and provide performance feedback to our employees.

Our open door policy encourages employees to ask questions or voice any concerns they may have regarding their performance assessment or their compensation.

Our employees and their values in the workplace are important to Qualcomm.

We see diversity as an opportunity to showcase the talent and individualism of our employees.

Being part of this association is extremely important for us and a step in the right direction to promote diversity, equity and inclusion throughout the Company and the world.

Employees are encouraged to join these discussions and actively participate with questions and comments.

Our far reaching DEI efforts have earned our Company prestigious external recognitions.

Qualcomm is regularly named on many best places to work lists.

In 2022, these awards included Forbes’ America’s Best Employers for Women and Best Employers for New Grads, Top 50 Employers for STEM Workforce Diversity Magazine, Disability: IN’s Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, Glassdoor’s Best Place to Work, America’s Best Large Employers and Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.

Every employee at our Company is responsible for supporting an inclusive, respectful and harassment free, discrimination free and retaliation free work environment.

All U.S. based employees are required to complete harassment prevention training at their time of hire and every two years thereafter.

While harassment prevention training is a legal obligation, we have elected to create a live training session that goes above and beyond the minimum legal requirements and includes sections on the importance of civility and empathy in the workplace, subtle acts of exclusion and the impacts that they can have on minority groups.

We also conduct mandatory training for new hires on DEI as part of the employee onboarding process and provide company wide access to a library of online and in person trainings on interpersonal topics, such as soliciting feedback, articulating your value, reducing team burnout, becoming an ally at work, building a diverse professional network and more.

We continue to empower managers by providing training on topics such as unconscious bias and creating inclusive teams to help positively influence decision making and people management.

These concepts, which are woven into the foundation of our processes including those related to promotion and annual reviews support inclusive and equitable treatment amongst employees at all levels.

We offer dynamic leadership development programs such as the Leadhership1 Program, BetterUp Coaching, Women Unlimited, Inc.,.

Qualcomm’s SMART Mentorship and Qualcomm’s Mentoring Matters.

These programs provide effective coaching and mentoring and, for optimal personal development, are often tailored specifically for the employee’s job level and reporting organization.

They are highly sought after by employees who wish to participate in regular sessions, cohort group meetings and or networking opportunities.

Through participation in these programs, our employees can increase self awareness and career ownership, and access tools to achieve their personal goals.

Our collaboration with organizations that champion diversity, equity and inclusion are vital to our success in providing additional resources, support and capacity building to our employees.

We continued to work with the National Center for Women Information Technology (NCWIT) as an investment level collaborator to promote opportunities for gender diversity in technology and computing.

As part of this, we continued to participate in Technolochicas, a national initiative of NCWIT, and we announced our very own Technolochica.

Technolochicas uses the powerful stories of Latinas from diverse backgrounds in technology fields to raise awareness among young Latinas and their families about opportunities and careers in technology.

Our Technolochica will contribute to the initiative by helping to promote our Company’s commitment to hiring diverse candidates and will also serve as a role model for future generations of Latina technologists.

We celebrated our fourth year of membership with Reboot Representation Tech Coalition, including our continued support for Reboot’s mission to close the gender gap for underrepresented women of color in tech.

Reboot and its coalition company members seek to design solutions to include the most underrepresented communities to increase Black, LatinX and Native American women’s participation in technology and STEM.

These solutions involve developing a pipeline from K 12 schools to colleges and graduate institutions, and to develop skills to prepare these young women for professions in tech.

We also participated in Reboot’s inaugural mentorship program, which aimed to introduce Black, Latina and Native American women undergraduates in computing to role models who look like them.

We continued to be an Inclusion Works Partner with Disability:IN, the leading nonprofit resource for business disability inclusion worldwide.

Our collaboration includes participating in speaking engagements for global audiences and implementing recommended best practices across our workplace.

In 2022, our CEO signed Disability:IN’s CEO Letter on Disability Inclusion, to continue advancing equality and inclusion and to serve as a positive example for disability inclusion for CEOs and organizations globally.

We were also recognized as a Disability Equality Index Top Scorer and Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the eighth consecutive year.

We held the Racial Justice Giving Initiative (RJGI) as part of our ongoing effort to collaborate with our employees to support racial justice in the United States.

Through the RJGI, employees nominate nonprofit organizations that are working to drive.

The RJGI Committee then evaluates the nominations based on pre determined criteria and selects organizations to participate.

Beyond awarding funding from the Qualcomm Foundation and the DEI team, the initiative culminates in a TED Talk style event for all employees during which the selected organizations share presentations about their work.

In 2022, the recipients of the RJGI were ACLU Foundation of San Diego Imperial Counties Center for Effective Public Policy Creating Coding Careers Friends in Need Children’s Center, Inc. Front Porch Arts Collective of Boston Girls Inc. of San Diego County Greater Than Tech La Maestra Family Clinic, Inc. Motus Theatre and RISE San Diego.

In 2022, we increased awareness and understanding of our Company’s inclusive and diverse culture by hosting events across the globe and by expanding our DEI programming and activities.

After moving to a virtual format in the past two years due to the COVID 19 pandemic, in 2022, we were able to again celebrate with several large, in person events.

In July, we celebrated San Diego’s LGBTQ Pride Parade in person with a custom designed float and 300 participants including employees, members of the Qualcomm Equality Employee Network, family and friends who walked in unity with the LGBTQ community.

We also provided hybrid programming and engagement opportunities for heritage months and days of remembrance, such as Black History Month, Hispanic Heritage Month, Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month, Native American Heritage Month, International Women’s Day, Memorial Day and Disability Employment Awareness Month.

Innovation is at the core of our business and critical to our continued success.

Our diversity of thought, people and practices is crucial to our ability to innovate.

We actively seek and recruit candidates with varied backgrounds and perspectives for positions at the Company.

Diverse teams built around different perspectives, experiences and skill sets fuel creativity and innovation.

We’re developing leaders and shaping future talent pools to help us meet the needs of our customers worldwide.

This means we are taking a broad yet focused approach to finding a diverse group of candidates.

Our approach to finding top talent and our use of training and development as key recruitment tools have helped us increase our hiring rate for women and underrepresented minorities.

We continued to collaborate with AnitaB.org, which provides women in technology with year round opportunities to connect with and inspire one another, develop their professional skills, find mentors and gain recognition.

This includes participating in their annual Grace Hopper Celebration, which is the largest technical conference of its kind and results in collaborative proposals, networking, mentoring and increased visibility for the contributions of women in technology and computing each year.

During 2022, we hosted an exhibitor booth where talent acquisition employees, engineers and hiring managers held 1:1 conversations with candidates interested in learning about our Company.

We also hosted a student networking session for candidates, as well as conducted interviews for intern and full time positions.

Our Qualcomm Women Employee Network (Qualcomm Women) has grown to nearly 10,000 members in 25 chapters around the world representing approximately 20 percent of our global workforce.

Qualcomm Women focuses on promoting inclusion of our Company’s women across the globe, increasing their representation, voice and perspectives encouraging mentorship, leadership opportunities and career development for them collaborating with other internal groups to further promote their perspectives and engaging in community outreach initiatives to foster the interests of women and girls in STEM careers.

Qualcomm Women is governed by a Board of employee volunteers and is championed by executive sponsors.

Qualcomm Women offerings include mentorship programs at all levels, peer groups, executive talks, Lean In Circles and outreach initiatives.

Qualcomm Women also piloted the Male Allyship program to engage men as advocates and champions of gender inclusion.

One of the signature programs of Qualcomm Women is peer groups, a collective of action oriented employees within the same department or same function, who work together towards the common goal of promoting gender diversity and inclusion opportunities within their specific organizations.

The collective is designed to serve a multi fold purpose, such as providing speakership opportunities for women within an organization and give women an opportunity to network, build their skill sets and connect in areas that are unique to their immediate roles.

As of 2022, Qualcomm Women’s 15 Peer Groups comprised more than 1,000 employees and had organized more than 600 events.

Qualcomm Women is a strong network where employees feel a sense of community and can get peer support on facing unique challenges and developing themselves and their careers.

In 2022, we organized a Shadow Day and welcomed college students from San Diego State University, San Diego City College and Southwestern College, as well as college prep students from San Diego and Imperial Valley counties.

We also held a panel session featuring six of our employees and members of the Qualcomm LatinQ Inclusion Group and Qualcomm Black Inclusion Group discussing their experiences and roles at our Company to encourage students to pursue similar paths.

We are dedicated to building an environment where people re entering the workforce feel welcome and excited to return to work.

We understand that there are many reasons to take a career break.

Through the global Qualcomm Returnship Program, we work with qualified individuals who are looking to re enter the workforce and help them gain professional experience and build their skill set for a successful career.

Previously, Returnship candidates were hired within our engineering teams, but in 2022, we continued to evolve the program and opened it to other areas of the Company.

We joined the National Society of Black Engineers.

This annual convention resumed virtually and in person and welcomed approximately 7,500 STEM students, professionals and employees of corporate sponsors.

As an active member of NSBE’s Board of Corporate Affiliates, our Company had representation through a career fair booth, interviews with candidates, a speakership and more.

Specifically, we sent 29 employees to the conference, had more than 500 booth check ins from candidates interested in learning more about roles at our Company and hosted a candidate VIP session for 75 individuals.

We also participated in NSBE 48’s corresponding career fairs to share more information about our Company’s culture, objectives, values and open positions.

Navy’s Tours with Industry Fellowship Program and the United States Air Force Education with Industry (EWI) Program.

These programs offer service members opportunities to learn from leading industry organizations to improve their leadership, management and communication skills, while also providing valuable perspectives to the civilian business world.

We champion these fellows and welcome their varied perspectives as well as the insights they provide regarding our efforts to recruit military veterans and their spouses.

These valuable service members further support our outreach and collaborative efforts with organizations such as The Honor Foundation and programs such as Fleet Week San Diego and Los Angeles Fleet Week.

Wealth: We believe that good financial health is important for our employees, both in the present and as they look forward to retirement.

Our wealth resources provide financial education and strategy so our employees can feel confident about where they are and where they are going.

We offer our employees participation in an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, savings and retirement tax advantaged accounts, life and disability insurance, tuition assistance, employee discounts, commuter benefits and a wireless device subsidy program, where applicable.

We also host financial seminars and provide access to financial counselling for interested employees.

By providing employees with a healthy, safe work environment and personal and professional development opportunities, we strive to cultivate a company culture that celebrates continued growth and creativity.

In doing so, we believe that we foster an environment in which innovative problem solving and ideas propel today’s most important technological advancements.

Qualcomm’s success would not be possible without our dedicated employees, and our compensation and benefits programs are an important part of how we recognize and reward them for their contributions.

These programs are designed to attract and retain talent and to deliver on our commitment to equitable pay.

Base pay provides non variable pay based on role and individual performance.

Bonus provides an additional cash compensation opportunity based on Company performance and individual contributions.

Stock awards allow for participation in the long term success of the Company.

Grants are awarded to new hires and to employees in many roles each year based on future potential.

In 2022, we held regional Compensation and Benefits Town Halls to increase communication and ensure transparency around our programs.

More than 22,000 employees, almost half of our global employee base, attended one of the 15 town hall sessions.

These sessions covered a range of topics including our compensation and benefits philosophy and foundational components, how base pay and increases are determined during our Annual Review cycle, annual bonus, share based compensation and overviews of our benefits programs and benchmarking.

In 2022, we consolidated our signature well being and benefit programs under the Live Well, Work Well program.

It is our goal for our employees to be equipped to unlock their full potential at home, work and everywhere in between.

Live Well, Work Well has five core pillars: Health, Wealth, Self, Connections and Productivity.

Health: Our health programs, resources and tips offer ways to help our employees and their families maintain and improve their physical health.

We provide onsite health centers, fitness centers and classes, as well as lifestyle and chronic condition coaching in some countries.

Where applicable, we provide our employees around the globe with comprehensive healthcare coverage, with no employee premiums for employee medical coverage and low or no premiums for family members.

We are continuously reviewing and benchmarking our benefits programs to ensure that we are listening to what our employees want and that our programs are positioned competitively.

In support of employee self care, we provide an Employee Assistance Program, vacation and or flexible time off, a resiliency resource program, family care resources, accommodations for mothers returning to work and a mental health allies network, where applicable.

In 2022, we continued to designate four additional global holidays each year to enable the majority of our people to take the same day off, which greatly contributes to the ability to fully unplug, relax and recharge.

Since their inception in 2020 during the COVID 19 pandemic, global holidays have been exceptionally well received by our employees as a mental health boost.

Connections: We believe that the connections made with colleagues, family, friends and community influence overall well being.

Our Company’s culture of inclusion and passion for our people and their careers have inspired programs that promote building and sustaining our personal networks.

We support employee driven networks, employee led interest and hobby groups (known as Qclubs), mentoring programs, community volunteering by employees, service awards, an employee matching grant program and the Qualcomm Ambassador program, through which employees represent our Company in their local community and at internal events.

Our culture empowers employees at all levels to recognize each other’s great work and celebrate milestones.

Our online social recognition platform, ThankQ, enables all employees to create public recognitions for their colleagues.

Productivity: We believe that productivity means more than simply getting a lot of work done or done fast.

It means continuing to deliver world changing innovations and technology breakthroughs while operating with behaviors that promote balance and wellbeing.

We provide productivity resources for our employees related to flexible and hybrid work, effective meetings, time management, promoting ethical conduct, managing their email inboxes and supporting inclusivity.

Our workforce is our most valuable asset, and our continued success depends on our employees.

We prioritize opportunities for employees’ continuous learning with career development programs, tuition reimbursement and mentorship.

Our Accelerate program is designed to empower first time managers and new leaders to develop skills and knowledge that accelerate their readiness to manage and lead.

Accelerate is a global program that is customized regionally to ensure that local nuances are incorporated in the program design.

We developed the Mentoring Matters program to support career development and engagement among our employees.

The program matches mentors and mentees to create powerful mentoring experiences as part of our employees’ career journey.

Mentoring Matters includes an interactive eLearning course, relevant resources and practice forums to build mentor and mentee capabilities.

We provide employees with frequent opportunities to share their feedback on what it’s like for them to work at our Company.

We hold company wide and business unit All Hands meetings on a quarterly basis to give employees opportunities to ask questions of our executive leadership team.

We conduct full census engagement surveys, as well as pulse surveys.

These surveys provide employees the opportunity to give feedback and enable management to assess employee engagement.

We ensure that every employee gets the opportunity to participate in these surveys at least annually.

We use the results to drive change and engage, retain and develop our people.

Leaders receive a detailed report of the results for their organization within a few weeks after a survey closes to help them understand the strengths of their organization and to quickly begin acting on opportunities for improvement.

Each survey also includes a relevant focus area, such as inclusion, skill development or recognition.

Based on 2022 survey results, programs are developed to address opportunities for improvement.

My team has a climate in which diverse perspectives are valued 83 percent favorable.

I would recommend Qualcomm as a great place to work 82 percent favorable.

Our Qualcomm Wireless Academy (QWA) is a robust program that offers training worldwide on the latest wireless technologies.

The extensive 5G training course catalog includes courses for every level of learner, from non engineers and business support employees to seasoned wireless engineers.

The training is based on 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) standards and is developed and delivered by our internal technology experts.

Recent expansion of QWA course offerings include training in AI and machine learning and cellular and IoT device design fundamentals.

QWA courses are provided in a variety of formats, including instructor led, asynchronous eLearning and course books.

More than 55,000 students were trained on 5G topics.

Success in our workplace health and safety programs are critical for our employees, contractors and those with whom we do business.

For our employees and contractors, ensuring a safe and healthful workplace is vital to attracting and retaining top talent for the growth of our Company.

For our external stakeholders, we understand our obligations to maintain compliance with applicable legal and other requirements by incorporating industry best practices to meet expected health and safety criteria and to minimize adverse health and safety impacts that could be present in our operations and activities.

Our environment, health and safety management system, or EHS Code of Practice, builds on the foundation of The Qualcomm Way: Our Code of Business Conduct and our Environment, Health and Safety Policy.

Our EHS Code of Practice comprises a series of globally applicable business practices and assurance processes associated with our operations and activities.

It provides the framework for consistent methods of managing occupational health and safety, protecting the environment, supporting community health and safety, ensuring compliance with internal and external requirements and driving continuous improvements.

The EHS management system is structured using the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 frameworks.

Our three manufacturing facilities are formally certified by the internationally recognized ISO 45001 standard on occupational health and safety management and ISO 14001 standard for environmental management.

Compliance with these international standards is regularly audited and verified by external auditors annually.

Using our EHS Code of Practice and continuous improvement principles, we look for ways to learn from our experiences as well as industry best practices and share those lessons among our stakeholders to improve safety performance and safety practices.

One way we share lessons learned is through our incident management reporting system, a centralized global tool that is accessible to all employees.

We strongly encourage reporting incidents and near misses, no matter how minor they may seem.

We currently have an annual global target for Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) of less than 0.50 and a Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) target of less than 0.60.

We publish our performance on these indicators annually in the ESG Performance Summary.

As part of our annual compliance assurance process, we require health and safety self assessments of our laboratory sites using an internal scorecard.

Engineering lab management and local EHS engineers conduct periodic spot checks and inspections to assess compliance within the lab environment.

In addition, we require regular internal EHS gap assessments to assess the effective implementation of our programs and training, as well as periodic external audits to verify compliance with country specific regulatory requirements.

These channels include: current safety performance trends, review lessons learned from recent incidents, perform compliance evaluation and celebrate improvements.

Monthly regional safety and compliance reviews of relevant topics, with targeted calls to action to prevent incidents or negative trends.

Periodic management reviews of our certified EHS management systems to manufacturing facility senior leadership.

Workplace health and safety committees implement local safety management, safety culture programs and performance initiatives.

Committee membership consists of site leader(s) and employee representatives from various areas and levels of the organization, covering administration, operations and engineering.

We believe in giving our employees the autonomy and flexibility to manage their schedules.

We welcomed employees back to the office in 2022 and have since maintained a post pandemic hybrid work model, allowing employees to work from home as well as from the office depending on the nature of their job responsibilities.

We have continuously heard from our employees that work flexibility is the way of the future for our Company.

We intend to honor that sentiment while also ensuring that, as a Company built on innovation, we preserve our unique culture of collaboration and innovation.

We are embracing the experimental aspects of our hybrid model.

We ensure that we are listening to our employees by asking specific questions related to the hybrid work model in our company wide pulse surveys, as well as through employee focus groups and town halls, while also assessing overall productivity.

We will continue to consider our business needs and listen to employees in order to evolve and adjust the model when and if needed.

The importance of workplace safety and protecting the environment applies equally to our contractors.

Our contractors are expected to stop work when they see an unsafe condition and adhere to all applicable safety requirements.

The key safety standard that drives contractor performance is the Contractor Safety Management standard, which sets expectations for contractor prequalification and contract administration and management, as well as contractor monitoring.

Contractors who perform potentially hazardous work must have established contractor safety protocols and procedures that verify qualifications and outline required training for all contractors before beginning work.

This includes site and task specific safety training that must be completed prior to commencement of the contract.

As such, we strive to conduct business responsibly and expect the same of those with whom we do business.

As we continue to expand our technologies into more types of devices and applications, such as Automotive and IoT, the Company’s services and support structures have correspondingly grown.

In line with the Company’s growth, and under the office of the General Counsel, we have reorganized our compliance related functions to address the emerging issues posed by, among other things, new data services by appointing a Chief Risk and Compliance Officer.

Our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer is uniquely positioned to coordinate compliance and risk mitigation strategies that span various disciplines, including privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and incident response.

The compliance function is supported by a dedicated team of legal, technical, information security and other specialists.

We consider data protection and privacy to be critical for upholding the trust that our customers and our employees place in us.

We believe that the collection of personal information should promote trust, respect individuals’ privacy and be based upon a foundation of responsible security and privacy practices.

Our Qualcomm Privacy Policy provides information about how we collect, use, process and transfer personal data.

We maintain a privacy and data protection awareness and training program.

The awareness and training sessions cover our relevant internal policies and procedures, as well such as topics as lawful basis for processing data, transparency, privacy by design, data subject rights, data management, information security and data transfer.

We provide all new employees with privacy and data protection awareness training as part of the new employee onboarding experience, as well as targeted role based training.

We hosted a series of awareness raising events on privacy and security for our employees including our annual Data Privacy Day in late January.

In 2022, over 14,000 employees participated in at least one of our awareness or training sessions.

Our Privacy Steering Committee is focused on customer and consumer privacy and data protection issues.

The Committee is composed of relevant stakeholders from such departments as Engineering, Product Management, IT, Marketing, Government Affairs, Public Relations and Legal.

Creating transparency, to the extent possible, in the collection, use and sharing of personal information.

Providing or enabling meaningful choices over the collection, use and sharing of personal information.

Providing or enabling value to consumers when using their personal information.

Safeguarding personal information from existing and emerging threats.

Maintaining the accuracy, quality and integrity of the data we collect.

Exercising responsible stewardship of personal information, including limiting our collection, use, sharing and retention of personal information.

Our Internal Privacy Committee is focused on employee privacy and data protection and includes representatives from HR, IT, Payroll, Physical Security and Stock Administration, among others.

We prioritize working with business partners and suppliers who view data protection and privacy as critical to their business.

In 2022, we performed cybersecurity and privacy assessments for hundreds of our vendors and key suppliers to help ensure they meet our security standards which are informed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, among other inputs.

The assessment evaluates, among other items, whether vendors and key suppliers maintain appropriate security controls in line with the type of information being processed.

We see value in ongoing external engagement on developing privacy issues.

Qualcomm is a member or sponsor of many organizations that work to advance responsible privacy and security practices.

These include the International Association of Privacy Professionals, Cyber Information Sharing and Analysis Centers and Future of Privacy Forum.

We also engage with subgroups of industry associations focused on privacy and security issues, such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Information Technology Industry Council, Digital Europe and 5GAA.

Our participation and, in some cases, leadership, in these groups allows us to listen and advocate for privacy and data protection standards that pertain to our business and the semiconductor industry.

We place a high priority on cybersecurity, not only to protect our employees, customers and business partners, but also to protect our intellectual property, operations and products.

Qualcomm maintains a cybersecurity program based on the NIST Cybersecurity Framework with deliberate customizations to address Qualcomm’s environment (the Cybersecurity Program).

Specifically, we use such framework and customizations to assist us in prioritizing actions for reducing cybersecurity risk and aligning policy, business and technological approaches to managing such risk.

We evaluate our cybersecurity risk profile through continuous assessment of the cybersecurity threat landscape and the operation of our vulnerability management program.

We use the evaluation of our cybersecurity risk profile to determine our Cybersecurity Program priorities.

We track and measure these priorities using an associated cybersecurity risk register, which is updated as new risk information becomes available.

As a part of our Cybersecurity Program, we implement a set of policies, procedures and administrative, physical and technical controls that seek to protect, defend and mitigate effects to Qualcomm from cybersecurity attacks.

Our Cybersecurity Program is periodically reviewed for maturity and effectiveness by independent third party firms and is subject to internal audits.

We regularly conduct penetration tests to simulate attacks against our network to validate the efficacy of our security controls.

We conduct mandatory cybersecurity training regularly for all employees worldwide to help them better understand cybersecurity threats, our Company’s policies, actions and approach to managing this type of risk and how they can help increase Qualcomm’s security posture.

We maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity incident response process supported by an internal team of cybersecurity experts and integrated with business and senior management.

We conduct cybersecurity , privacy and data protection due diligence before close of an acquisition or merger During such due diligence, we identify potential risks and develop mitigation strategies.

Post close, we collaborate with applicable stakeholders to integrate the new operations and procedures into Qualcomm’s cybersecurity , privacy and data protection programs and align new operations and procedures with those of Qualcomm.

We also onboard new employees with Qualcomm’s privacy awareness training and conduct role specific training.

We test our processes through table top exercises and penetration testing.

The results of those activities typically include a discussion of continuous improvement opportunities and action items that are utilized to update policies and processes.

Our supplier community is critical to Qualcomm’s success, and we believe in working with our suppliers to help them protect against cybersecurity threats.

We operate a supplier cybersecurity assurance program, which is integrated with our procurement processes, to assess and attempt to remediate cybersecurity risks across our supplier community.

We follow a third party risk management process that includes the evaluation of cybersecurity related risks resulting from any integrations with suppliers.

Finally, we partner with our suppliers to help them improve their security posture, providing benefits to them and to Qualcomm.

We have a global team of internal experts dedicated to protecting the Company from cybersecurity threats.

Key elements of our Cybersecurity Program including key cybersecurity threats and risks are overseen by our Vice President of Cybersecurity, the Chief Risk and Compliance Officer and the supporting compliance and risk organization, which includes subject matter experts focused on identifying and managing cybersecurity threats and consequences of same.

The Cybersecurity Program is also supported by additional members of senior management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors through regular reporting and review.

Qualcomm did not experience any material cybersecurity incidents in 2022.

We annually report the number of such incidents in the ESG Performance Summary of this report.

We believe in developing our chipsets to support robust, extensible security as a complement to user experience.

Our security platform solutions secure data on devices in both hardware and software for OEMs, carriers and end users.

We work to provide robust security features to our customers, and our Secure Processor capability is certified to the Common Criteria (CC) Evaluation Assurance Level (EAL) 4 .

We support secured development and deployment of emerging technologies.

The evolution toward connected edge provides opportunity for more security differentiations on a device.

Our portfolio includes products for processors, modems, platforms, RF systems and connectivity, as well as products based on the end use application.

We offer a full range of purpose built, pre packaged software, hardware and tools that help our partners streamline their development processes while still integrating security by design.

We understand and endeavor to support our partners’ efforts to deploy a diverse set of devices.

There is no one size fits all solution for security, and we are implementing multiple solutions.

For example, our Secure Processing Unit (SPU) is a security platform solution on our chipset, which passed Germany’s Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) certification to provide a security force multiplier and set that security bar.

Qualcomm participates actively in the industry led global standards development efforts and industry activities for cybersecurity.

Our participation in these efforts allows us to advocate for security standards that pertain to our business and industry.

We educate our developers on secure software design and development lifecycle practices and have implemented a range of security controls to detect and address security vulnerabilities across our products.

We operate a responsible disclosure program for invited security researchers designed to improve the security of the Snapdragon family of processors, 5G modems and related technologies and software.

We place a strong emphasis on sustainable supply chain management to maintain product quality, improve sustainability and minimize risk.

Making appropriate supplier selections, conducting comprehensive onboarding, assessing for risks and monitoring adherence to our Supplier Code of Conduct are integral to how we achieve a sustainable and responsible supply chain.

We want our products to be distinguished not only by their capabilities but also by the responsible way in which we design and produce them.

Because we primarily utilize a fabless production model, we rely on suppliers to perform the manufacturing of our integrated circuits.

We work closely with the primary semiconductor foundries and assembly suppliers that manufacture our products to regularly assess risks and monitor for supplier code of conduct conformance.

As a Full Member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), we require suppliers to adopt either the RBA Code of Conduct or a similar code.

By leveraging RBA tools and resources in our supply chain management program, we can focus on driving our suppliers to conform to high standards in relation to labor issues, health and safety, the environment, ethics and management systems.

The RBA Code of Conduct, which serves as our Supplier Code of Conduct, and The Qualcomm Way: Our Code of Business Conduct have been cornerstones of our commitment to the RBA and responsible supply chain management for many years.

Understanding risks and ensuring supply chain sustainability is a key part of acting responsibly.

As part of our risk based approach, we require our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers to complete the RBA Self Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) annually.

The SAQ is a risk assessment tool that enables companies to evaluate specific supply chain risk in areas such as labor, health and safety, environment and ethics.

The SAQ results from our suppliers have indicated that 100 percent of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers have all low risk manufacturing facilities.

Regularly assessing and monitoring suppliers for compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct allows us to minimize potential harm to individuals, communities and the environment, as well as create more resilient supply chains.

In addition to completing the SAQ, our suppliers are subject to RBA Validated Assessment Program (VAP) audits and or customer managed audits.

Our supply chain management team maintains RBA Lead Auditor trained personnel who conduct on site audits of selected suppliers for their adherence to our Supplier Code of Conduct and other corporate responsibility requirements, including product environmental governance and conflict minerals.

We have a 2025 goal of ensuring 100 percent of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers are audited at least every two years.

As of 2022, 88 percent of them are receiving biennial audits.

On an annual basis, we assess current and future water risks at the global and local levels using the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool.

The combination of the use of this tool with internal company knowledge and guidance from external consultants has helped us to better understand physical water risks in our operations, including our supply chain.

Each of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers is required to have an ISO14001 certified environmental management system, and all report meeting this requirement as of 2022.

Many of our direct semiconductor suppliers provide us with information about their GHG emissions and water use.

We use this information to help us set benchmarks for potential future corporate responsibility strategies.

Many of these suppliers also have clear goals for reducing their water consumption and GHG emissions, and we work with them to help achieve their goals.

To ensure their continued effectiveness, we’ve designed corrective action processes, including the potential removal of deficient suppliers from our supply chain.

We believe helping our suppliers build greater knowledge of corporate responsibility issues, such as human rights, responsible minerals sourcing and selecting less harmful substances for manufacturing, can create and improve corporate responsibility throughout our supply chains.

We share our knowledge through on site visits, business meetings, written communication and other efforts.

We are committed to promoting and respecting all internationally recognized human rights and avoiding complicity in any human rights abuse throughout our Company, our operations and our business relationships, including our subsidiaries, partners, customers and supply chain.

Our efforts are informed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the eight Core Labor Standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Principles and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Our Company’s respect for human rights is enshrined in The Qualcomm Way: Our Code of Business Conduct and our Supplier Code of Conduct.

Our approach is explained in further detail in our Human Rights Statement.

We require all employees to complete training and certification on The Qualcomm Way: Our Code of Business Conduct, including the subsection on human rights.

As part of our human rights due diligence efforts, we regularly conduct formal, third party human rights impact assessments (HRIAs) of our operations as a whole or at the market level.

These assess potential risks across our operations and or value chain, including risks related to employees, manufacturing facilities, supply chain and communities.

HRIAs help us identify our salient human rights issues those human rights at potential risk of negative impact due to our Company activities or business relationships.

Because we primarily rely on third parties to perform the manufacturing, assembly and most of the testing of our semiconductor products, we do not generally encounter issues with child labor, forced labor or human trafficking in our direct operations.

Indirect salient human rights risks exist primarily in our supply chains and with local community members.

Although we may not have direct control over or causal relationships with these risks, we are committed to raising awareness of our expectations and working toward mitigating any potential link or contribution to these risks.

Due to our reliance on suppliers, our Company has taken specific steps to prevent human rights abuses in our supply chain through our engagement with the RBA.

Our efforts to prevent, mitigate and remediate our human rights risks and impacts in our supply chain include annual assessments of suppliers’ operations in accordance with the RBA SAQ, engagement with suppliers to ensure conformance to our expectations, risk based onsite audits and participation in multi stakeholder initiatives.

As previously discussed, we require our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers to complete the RBA SAQ, which includes human rights risks, such as working hours, child labor, freedom of association and more.

All our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers comply with this requirement, and all have low risk manufacturing facilities according to the SAQ ratings.

In addition, we encourage our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers to complete an RBA Validated Assessment Process (VAP) audit.

During VAP audits, certified third party auditors conduct record reviews, manager interviews and worker interviews for conformance to all standards of the RBA Code of Conduct covering labor, health and safety, environment, ethics and management systems.

For more information on the VAP, please see the RBA VAP guidance documents.

Our internal Human Rights Working Group focuses on strengthening our management of human rights risks.

This cross functional team includes representatives from departments including Legal, Procurement, Corporate Responsibility, Government Affairs, Environment, Health and Safety, Security, DEI, Supply Chain, Risk and Compliance, Privacy and Cybersecurity.

The working group is responsible for implementing, improving and supporting adherence to our human rights practices and for engaging external stakeholders on our human rights approach.

We are committed to providing remedies for individuals or communities where we have identified that our Company or third parties acting on our behalf caused or contributed to adverse human rights impacts.

As such, we have a formal, third party operated grievance and remedy mechanism, Business Conduct Hotline.

The hotline is a comprehensive and confidential reporting tool available to anyone external or internal to raise concerns, ask questions or seek guidance anonymously.

We believe that ethical conduct is a cultural imperative, and all employees are responsible for following the letter and the spirit of the CoBC.

We bring The Qualcomm Way to life through our culture of innovation, our ability to meet challenges and persevere and the passion and dedication of our employees.

The CoBC serves as a guide, helping us build integrity in everything we do as a Company.

Compliance with global anti corruption laws also continues to be a top priority for the Company.

To this end, our Global Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and Anti Corruption Policy applies to the entire Company, including all employees, agents, consultants and representatives, wherever they are located.

It is our policy to obey all laws, including those laws that regulate the Company’s conduct in the marketing and selling of Company products, services and technologies in the international marketplace.

We strictly prohibit all bribes, corrupt payments, kickbacks and other forms of commercial bribery involving private individuals or government officials.

We obtain the commitment of our third party contractors and service providers that may act as Qualcomm agents or intermediaries by contractual obligations relating to compliance with applicable anti corruption laws and regulations.

We also conduct risk based due diligence for contractors and service providers that will act as Qualcomm’s agents or intermediaries with external parties.

Our corporate compliance program (Program) including policies, procedures, controls, risk assessments and training is evaluated for efficacy by our Internal Audit function regularly.

We also commission a third party expert program assessment every three years to ensure the program is maturing in line with the risks of our business.

We use the findings and recommendations from these program assessments to stay apprised of best practices and pursue continuous program improvement.

In 2022, our Program was audited by Internal Audit and was also assessed by Ernst and Young as to the maturity of the Program and alignment with the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and Securities and Exchange Commission guidance released in November 2020.

These reviews confirmed the Program and compliance controls are operating effectively and in alignment with regulator guidance.

Ethical conduct and decision making are expectations of all employees and core elements of our performance assessment framework for leaders.

Team managers and senior leaders are encouraged to create an environment where employees can feel free to raise ethical questions or concerns.

They are also reminded to have purposeful conversations with their organizations around the importance of ethical conduct and decision making, as we believe this is the key to trustful relationships with our key stakeholders, as well as the long term success of the Company.

Training, education and employee outreach are essential to reinforce an ethical culture.

In addition to mandatory Program and ethics training during the onboarding process for employees and temporary workers, we require the completion of a policy training and certification process every 12 24 months covering our CoBC, FCPA and Anti Corruption policies and Program.

These training requirements are mandatory for all our regular and temporary employees.

In 2022, we issued company wide mandatory training on our revised and streamlined Global FCPA and Anti Corruption Policy to help employees recognize and understand potential FCPA and anti corruption compliance risks and the policies and procedures that are in place to ensure compliance and protect both the Company and our employees.

Ensuring that we adhere to these policies is critical to maintaining our long standing reputation for conducting business with the utmost integrity.

Beyond mandatory company wide training, employees who have externally facing roles are required to complete instructor led Anti Corruption and Compliance training on an annual basis.

In 2022, a total of 60 instructor led sessions on our Global FCPA and Anti Corruption Compliance Program were offered and attended by more than 2,700 employees in externally facing business functions (Sales, Business Development, Marketing, Government Affairs and Ventures) and assurance partners (Procurement, Legal, Finance Accounting and HR Talent Acquisition).

To gauge ethical culture and comfort in raising legal or ethical concerns, we include ethics related questions in employee engagement surveys.

We target an average response favorability rating of more than 77 percent for the ethics elements of the survey.

This target is based on benchmark information that we received from multiple ethics and compliance working groups in which we participate.

In 2022, we achieved the desired favorability response rate for employee sentiment relating to ethical company culture and organizational justice.

They also serve as trusted peers that employees can reach out to in their local office for guidance, decision support or the application of compliance related policies and program requirements.

With most employees coming back to the office in a hybrid model in 2022, our Risk and Compliance team saw an opportunity to reiterate the importance of compliance and ethical behavior across our workforce.

With the launch of the We all initiative as part of the New to Campus Open House events organized at our headquarters in San Diego in April 2022, the team welcomed employees back to campus with engaging activities that showcased the importance of exemplifying Company values, connecting with the Compliance team and being familiar with the Company’s compliance program.

We also launched the Ethics Liaison program to extend the reach of our risk and compliance program and reinforce and promote a positive ethical culture in our operations across the globe.

Our open door culture is designed to empower employees and other stakeholders to voice any concerns they may have about our Company, without fear of retaliation.

Concerns may be submitted anonymously (where permitted by law) through our Business Conduct Hotline, via phone or via email to other reporting groups, such as Management, HR, Legal and Compliance, and we strive to respond promptly and as appropriate.

Ethics concerns are reviewed and investigated by a centralized cross functional team composed of seasoned Internal Audit, Employee Relations, Risk and Compliance, Information Technology, Global Security and Legal personnel.

Case outcomes and remedial action plans for incidents that are substantiated are reviewed and approved by our Corporate Ethics Committee.

Business Conduct Hotline data, including the number of cases and issue types, can be found in our ESG Performance Summary.

We are committed to helping policymakers at all levels understand our business model and role as an ecosystem enabler.

We have been a committed partner to countries around the world for more than 30 years, supporting policies that encourage innovation, foster the advancement of mobile technology and enable business friendly environments globally.

With each new generation of wireless connectivity, we strive to create shared success in collaboration with lawmakers and regulators, and to create new opportunities for local industries and communities.

Participation: We engage in policy discussions with governments, organizations and industries around the world to advocate for policies that promote innovation and protect and foster new ideas in.

Responsible Governance: We abide by all applicable laws and regulations regarding political contributions and expenditures, and our contributions are subject to the approval of our senior management with oversight by the Governance Committee of our Board of Directors.

Transparency: We publicly disclose to the Federal Elections Commission all political contributions made by our Company and our Political Action Committee, and we abide by all legal obligations of the FCPA and similar legislation around the world.

Policy Guides: We carefully monitor and evaluate developments that affect the world of wireless connectivity.

Our key public policy topics are 5G, invention and IP, spectrum, privacy, immigration and taxation.

Our general positions are outlined below and published on our public policy website.

To achieve these benefits, we believe governments must adopt policies that support a comprehensive 5G rollout plan.

Invention and IP Invention, innovation and protection of IP are core drivers of economic growth and competitiveness.

Without robust patent systems and strong global protection of IP, innovation would be significantly weakened.

Spectrum The benefits of wireless connectivity depend on the availability of adequate and appropriate radio spectrum.

We believe in freeing new spectrum in a responsible way to meet the demands of consumers and businesses.

Privacy We believe that cultivating consumer trust through a foundation of security and privacy practices helps drive broader adoption and more personalized wireless technology offerings.

Immigration Highly skilled talent, especially in the areas of math, engineering and the sciences, is vital to the success of our Company and to the future of technological innovation around the world.

Taxation We support policies that incentivize innovation and enable American technology companies to compete in today’s global marketplace.

Our approach to tax is consistent with our CoBC and Code of Ethics and is premised on complying with applicable tax laws, maximizing stockholder value and delivering transparent tax reporting and disclosures.

We also seek to pay the requisite taxes on profits generated from the activities performed in each jurisdiction.

Implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations.

To ensure that we can attract top talent, we must be able to hire the best engineers, regardless of their country of origin.

Beyond fierce competition for talent across our industry and with our competitors, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign nationals, making the pool of available talent even smaller.

We engage in public policy efforts to support regulations that are aligned to today’s economic reality.

Our Government Affairs team participates in diverse advocacy efforts that contribute to helping us ensure that immigration laws support our Company’s ability to develop leading edge technologies specifically and our innovation based global economy in general.

Our advocacy efforts, as they relate to immigration laws and recruiting a global workforce, are generally implemented through collaborations with trade associations and diverse coalitions of employers.

For more information on our approach to managing a diverse highly skilled workforce, please see our Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index.

Fostering a more inclusive patent ecosystem for all inventors foundation for future inventors of all backgrounds and why, in 2022, we partnered with Invent Together on the launch of TIPA.

TIPA, which formally launched during the summer, is an online learning platform aimed at guiding inventors through the benefits of patenting and the process of obtaining a patent particularly potential inventors with backgrounds that provide them little or no exposure to the world of IP.

The educational modules of TIPA are designed to show potential patentees what they can gain from patenting their invention and what the process looks like from the inventor’s point of view.

Most importantly, the free course aims to make patenting more accessible for groups historically underrepresented in the patent heavy science and engineering fields, including women, people of color, people who identify as LGBTQ , people from lower income communities and people with disabilities.

We have long championed strong patent rights because we know the personal, national and global transformative power they bring.

In developing TIPA, we were motivated by the belief that everyone can invent, that every inventor can learn to patent and that strong patent rights empower individual inventors to transform the world in ways that benefit us all.

We believe that the United States patent system should reflect the diversity of this country, and if we can diversify who is inventing and patenting, we can create more jobs, boost the U.S. economy, close wage and wealth gaps and ensure the U.S. remains a global leader in innovation.

We are actively working within our Company and externally to create more equitable opportunities for women and people of color in innovation.

We are a founding partner of Invent Together, a campaign supported by organizations, universities, companies and other stakeholders that are dedicated to understanding the gender, race, income and other diversity gaps in invention and patenting and supporting public policy and private efforts to close them.

With Invent Together, we are advocating for greater study of historical exclusion from patenting and for policies and programs aimed at making patent heavy STEM fields more inclusive.

For example, we advocated for passage of the Inventor Diversity for Economic Advancement (IDEA) Act, which would direct the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) to collect inventors’ demographic data on a voluntary basis and make this information available in the aggregate for research.

The story of engineering breakthroughs by our Company is a case study for how the U.S. patent system helps inventors get their ideas into the marketplace, while funding future risk taking and innovation.

Growing a global company on a planet with finite resources demands fresh thinking.

We’re working to be a positive and creative force in protecting the environment by continually looking for ways to conserve water, minimize energy consumption, lower emissions and reduce waste.

We conduct our operations and activities in a manner designed to provide and maintain safe, healthful and productive working conditions, protect the environment and the communities in which we work and conserve natural resources.

We work together to fulfill relevant and applicable legal and other requirements and strive to continually improve our resilience and environmental, health and safety performance.

We believe that environmental sustainability is extremely important, with significant social and economic benefits that require collective action and leadership from our Company and other corporate citizens.

The Governance Committee of our Company’s Board of Directors provides oversight on corporate responsibility matters, including sustainability and climate related issues.

The Company’s ESG Leadership Committee is composed of executives and senior management from across the Company, including HR, Legal, Government Affairs, Supply Chain, Risk and Compliance, Investor Relations, Operations and Finance.

Our ESG Leadership Committee provides guidance on global corporate responsibility issues that are most important to our Company and our key stakeholders so that corporate responsibility remains a central and visible component of our business strategy.

This Committee reports at least annually on our corporate responsibility policies, programs and performance, including climate change and water related issues, to the Governance Committee of our Board of Directors.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 30% by 2025, from a 2014 base year24.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030 from a 2020 base year24.

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030, from a 2020 base year24.

Reach net zero global GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040.

In fiscal 2022, we announced our plans to achieve net zero global emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040 and committed to the Science Based Targets initiative’s (SBTi) Business Ambition for 1.5 C. These goals reflect our belief that environmental sustainability is extremely important, with significant social and economic benefits that require collective action and leadership from our Company and other corporate citizens.

In line with our commitments, our strategy to achieve net zero includes transitioning to renewable energy in our top operational footprint regions via long term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), decarbonizing our operations through the replacement of high global warming potential gases in our manufacturing processes and reducing natural gas usage at our San Diego, California, headquarters.

We also joined the Climate Pledge, a cross sector community of companies committed to be net zero by 2040 10 years ahead of the Paris Agreement’s goals.

During our first full year of implementing this strategy, we’ve already made progress.

Our 10 year renewable energy agreement with Shell Energy North America (US), L.P. (Shell Energy) has reduced our emissions by 25,785 tCO2e, or 10 percent, of our total Scope 1 and 2 emissions since last year.

Our solar PPA in Bangalore, India, (which began in 2018) continues to make a substantial contribution to our Scope 2 emission reductions in the amount of 15,284 tCO2e (17,855 MWhrs) annually.

Furthermore, in 2022, we reduced our consumption of natural gas at our German manufacturing facility by 50 percent by shutting down our combined heat and power plant.

The remaining 50 percent of natural gas is used in waste air treatment to reduce emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and GHG emissions from manufacturing processes exhaust.

To mitigate the climate impact from the remaining natural gas, we offset our consumption through green biogas certificates, which are produced in Europe from renewable plant material.

Following the successful test phase of our Plasma Enhanced Chemical Vapor Deposition (PECVD) chamber clean project in 2021 at our German manufacturing facility, we continued to implement gas replacement in all PECVD chamber clean processes.

The project replaces high global warming potential gases such as sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) with a fluorine based gas mixture that has a global warming potential of zero, thereby reducing our Scope 1 GHG emissions.

Finally, we also implemented an internal carbon price across our three manufacturing facilities, as appropriate.

This carbon price creates an assumed cost per ton of carbon emissions with an annual rate increase per year, with the objective of changing our internal behavior toward low carbon innovation.

As water sources around the world become increasingly stressed, we are acutely aware of the need to treat water as the precious resource it is.

We prioritize assessing our water footprint and conserving water, particularly in California, the location of our headquarters and a state perennially challenged by water scarcity.

In our facilities, we make our greatest gains in water conservation by using reclaimed water instead of potable water for irrigation and our cooling plant systems, whenever possible.

In fact, we decreased our freshwater dependency at our San Diego headquarters by 51 percent from 2016 to 2022 by expanding our recycled water system.

These improvements help reduce our dependency on potable water and increase resiliency in our operations.

At our manufacturing facilities, we conduct water audits to assess usage and share best practices between our locations.

Additionally, we also have an internal price for water that makes the real cost of water usage and water treatment transparent and evident.

This facilitates a strong motivation to develop cost effective and water efficient processes.

At our Singapore manufacturing facility, we implemented numerous water savings projects in 2022, resulting in more than 200,000 cumulative cubic meters (m3) of annual water savings.

For example, we conducted a utilization study to determine opportunities for system integration and enhancement, resulting in an improvement of our deionized (DI) water supply systems, which has increased the amount of reclaimed water by approximately 80,000 m3 per year.

We also replaced our water plant electrodeionization (EDI) system with a continuous electrodeionization (CEDI) system, allowing for water to be recycled into raw water tanks, saving approximately 30,000 m3 per year.

Through our Environmental Program Management Standard, we focus on identifying activities, services and processes that generate waste and strive to reduce the impact of our waste disposal practices on the environment.

We assess and classify waste generation sources to prioritize our waste mitigation efforts, such as implementing initiatives to eliminate waste at the source and maximize recycling, as well as promoting opportunities to utilize less toxic, more durable, reusable and recycled materials in our operations.

In addition, waste reduction and recycling help us decrease the waste we send to landfills.

We have active recycling and food composting programs, which help reduce waste to landfills at our major sites.

Our Company depends on a robust information technology (IT) infrastructure for all aspects of our daily operations.

We take steps to minimize energy consumption and waste in our IT system, keeping costs and environmental considerations in mind.

Measures like powering down printers, connecting through wireless backhaul and deploying modular and performance optimized data centers have made a significant difference.

Furthermore, our waste management service vendors are viewed as partners in sustainability to help minimize waste through a shared goal and vision of waste reduction and recycling.

Waste disposal service partners and disposal sites are assessed through a preliminary evaluation and periodic audits to determine sufficient assurance of acceptable performance and compliance with our disposal standards, especially when it comes to hazardous and other regulated wastes.

Our Operational Resilience function orchestrates the Company’s Emergency Management (EM), Business Resilience (BR), IT Incident Response (IR) and IT Service Resilience (ITSR) disciplines.

The proper adoption of these resilience disciplines enhances our capability to mitigate, prepare for, respond to and recover from operational disruptions.

Disasters include local incidents such as building fires, regional physical incidents such as earthquakes, or technology disruptions and national incidents such as pandemic illnesses, and events that occur due to climate change.

Operational resilience leads evaluate the effectiveness of plans, assessments and risks identified with training and simulations.

The overall program is aligned with ISO 22301, an international standard for business continuity management systems.

In 2022, we expanded our ISO 50001 certification to our Singapore and Wuxi manufacturing facilities.

ISO 50001 is the global standard for energy management systems, which demonstrates the commitment of our leadership to efficiently use energy in our manufacturing facilities.

ISO 50001 helps to evaluate and prioritize the adoption of new energy efficient technologies and improve energy efficiency, promote best practices and behaviors in energy management, provide a framework for promoting energy efficiency throughout the supply chain, and facilitate improvements in energy management for projects to reduce GHGs.

An essential element of ISO 50001 is continuous improvement.

This applies for the improvement of management processes as well as technical processes.

To stay informed, our German manufacturing facility joined an industry network organized by FfE.

A research institute for energy economics and industry, FfE has experience in supporting companies in energy efficiency projects and enabling the design of sustainable energy systems.

FfE organizes regular meetings between cross industry companies, enabling us to connect with peers and exchange best practices.

We have also implemented more than 50 energy savings projects across our manufacturing facilities.

The projects range from building infrastructure improvements, such as upgrading to state of the art windows, to technical infrastructure improvements, such as rectifying compressed air leaks and upgrading vacuum pumps, resulting in more than 10,000 MWh of energy savings.

We have established a forward looking vision and holistic approach to operational resilience based on leading industry standards.

Our program is designed to provide for agile decision making in the face of potential threats and during an event.

Our approach is driven by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) assessments, Company strategy, and regulatory and stakeholder requirements.

We utilize a threat risk assessment process to identify and evaluate risks on a regional basis that may affect the Company’s resilience.

The threat risk assessment process ranks more than 30 environmental, operational and man made risks (including climate related risks) based on the likelihood and impact of an occurrence.

We consult with resilience leads based on the potential size and scope of specific impacts.

This process is completed annually, with the results presented to executive sponsors and the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

Unallocated revenues in fiscal 2020 were comprised of licensing revenues from Huawei resulting from the settlement agreement and royalties for sales made in the March 2020 and June 2020 quarters under the new global patent license agreement.

As a result, the revenues by country presented herein are not necessarily indicative of either the country in which the devices containing our products and or intellectual property are ultimately sold to consumers or the country in which the companies that sell the devices are headquartered.

For example, China revenues could include revenues related to shipments of integrated circuits for a company that is headquartered in South Korea but that manufactures devices in China, which devices are then sold to consumers in Europe and or the United States.

Includes new employee privacy awareness training, targeted training for employees who process personal data as a significant part of their role, and legally required privacy training.

In 2022, we revised 2020 and 2021 data in accordance with our GHG base year emissions recalculation policy.

In 2022, we revised the employee survey question associated to this metric.

Management in revenue generating roles is defined as individuals at the manager and above level and employees with direct reports in QCT and QTL.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level.

Junior management is defined as individuals at the manager level and employees with direct reports below Principal roles.

These are often thought of as traditional philanthropy or grant making.

For 2021, data represents summer program data only.

For 2021, data represents summer program data only.

Enrich the lives of 27 million people by continuing to bring technology to underserved communities around the world through Wireless Reach by 2025, from a 2006 base year48.

Ensure 100% of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers are audited every 2 years for conformance to the Supplier Code of Conduct by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

Continue to inspire the next generation of inventors by engaging 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe in our strategic STEM initiatives: our home grown Thinkabit Lab, our collaboration with FIRST and our STEM community partnerships by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

In 2022, we launched five new projects and, since 2006, have enriched the lives of more than 25 million people.

Reduce power consumption by 10%, every year51, in our flagship Snapdragon Mobile Platform products.

As of 2022, 88% of our primary semiconductor manufacturing suppliers have received audits for conformance to the Supplier Code of Conduct.

In 2022, we achieved our 2025 goal to engage 1.5 million students and teachers across the globe.

But our work and our efforts don’t stop there, as we remain committed to ensuring students have equitable access to STEM education opportunities.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions by 30% by 2025, from a 2014 base year52.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030, from a 2020 base year52.

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030, from a 2020 base year52.

Reach net zero global GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040.

Year over year, we reduced power consumption by at least 20%51 in our flagship Snapdragon Mobile Platform products when averaged across all use cases.

We’ve reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by approximately 28%, and we achieved The Climate Registry’s (TCR) Climate Registered Platinum status.

We engaged with our primary manufacturing suppliers to obtain direct emissions data and collaborate on expectations.

Increase representation of women in leadership49 by 15% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

We've increased representation of women in leadership by more than 7% since 2020.

Increase underrepresented minorities (URM50) leadership representation by 15% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

Increase overall URM representation by 20% by 2025, from a 2020 base year.

We've increased our representation of URM leadership by more than 5% since 2020.

We've increased our overall representation of URMs by more than 12% since 2020.

Leadership is defined as individuals at the Principal and above level.

For technical positions, URM includes Black, Hispanic Latinx, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander and American Indian or Native American.

For non technical positions, URM includes Black, Hispanic Latinx, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Native American and Asian.

None of our United States employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

Outside the United States, less than 50% of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

At least annually, we evaluate our Company for risks related to corruption.

We also assess additional risk areas on a case by case basis.

Qualcomm has never been found by a court to have unlawfully discriminated against any of our employees.

Qualcomm is unaware of any operations in which the right to exercise freedom of association and or collective bargaining are at significant risk.

Qualcomm is unaware of any operations in which there is a significant risk for incidents of child labor.

Qualcomm is unaware of any operations in which there is a significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor.

We did not receive any substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy or data in 2022 or in the three years prior.

Other than for our RF front end modules and RF filter products, our QCT semiconductor business utilizes a fabless production model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made.

Because we are primarily fabless, our Scope 2 emissions are more significant than our Scope 1 emissions.

Thus, our GHG goals represent a company wide absolute target related to both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

We believe that climate change is a serious environmental, social and economic threat that calls for immediate and concerted action among all sectors of society.

To reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030 from 2020 base year.

To reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030 from 2020 base year.

To reach net zero global operational GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040.

We also maintain our 2025 GHG reduction goal, consistent with science based reductions required to keep global warming well below 2 C, to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 30% compared to a 2014 base year.

Balancing these ambitions while also growing a global Company demands forward thinking.

Our three part emissions mitigation strategy to meet these targets includes transitioning to renewable energy in top operational footprint regions via long term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), decarbonizing our operations through the replacement of high global warming potential gases in our manufacturing processes and transitioning our cogeneration plants at our San Diego, California headquarters to back up power, and a minimal amount of Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) and carbon offsets for residual emissions.

We are on track to meet our 2025 GHG goal and achieved a reduction of approximately 28 percent.

One of the ways we are achieving our GHG reduction is by designing energy efficiencies into our facilities infrastructure.

As part of these efforts, we have successfully completed the test phase of a Plasma Enhanced Chemical Vapor Deposition (PECVD) chamber cleans project.

The project, conducted at our German manufacturing facility, replaces high global warming potential gases used in our processes, such as SF6 and NF3, with a Fluorine based gas mixture that has a global warming potential of zero, thereby greatly reducing our direct Scope 1 emissions.

In 2021, we signed a 10 year structured renewable energy agreement with Shell Energy North America (US), L.P. (Shell Energy).

The deal enables us to secure approximately 115,000 megawatt hours of 100% renewable energy annually to power our headquarters campus in San Diego, reducing our Scope 2 emissions.

The agreement includes an annually increasing portion of renewable power and RECs generated from resources located in California.

It also supports the further development of the Shell Maverick 4 and Maverick 7 solar installations, which will improve the mix of green energy sources flowing into the California Independent System Operator (ISO) grid.

Additionally, our manufacturing facilities in China, Germany and Singapore have been International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 (Environmental Management System Standard) certified since 1999 and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety standard) certified since January 2021.

Our facility in Germany has obtained ISO 50001 (Energy Management System standard) certification since 2014, and we plan to expand this certification to our Singapore and China facilities by 2023.

Qualcomm’s strategy for complying with regulatory carbon trading systems in both California and the EU is to follow all applicable guidance and directives issued by the California and EU systems.

Qualcomm has also proactively collaborated with regulators to ensure compliance for example, by determining which of our California operations are subject to Cap and Trade (CaT) regulations, in consultation with regulators, and which are exempt.

We continue to deploy activities and invest in programs that support our advancement in the reduction of our emissions.

We intend to continue to opt, where possible, for the generation of clean energy and the deployment of new technologies to reduce our environmental impact, among other measures.

We are committed to acting and making a positive contribution in the fight against climate change.

None of our manufacturing sites are in regions declared as High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress Areas according to the World Resources Institute (WRI).

Workplace health and safety is one of Qualcomm’s highest priorities.

We integrate environment, health and safety (EHS) principles and practices into our everyday operations, ensuring a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, contractors, visitors and communities.

Our EHS Policy highlights our commitment to proactively manage workplace health and safety risks while continually improving our established management system.

We maintain compliance with applicable legal and other requirements, regularly monitor and improve EHS performance, mitigate hazards and risks and incorporate industry best practices.

The EHS Policy also provides a framework for setting and reviewing EHS objectives.

Our EHS governance framework and global EHS management system, which are overseen at the highest levels of the Company, enable us to effectively manage risk, ensure regulatory compliance and address the health and safety needs of our employees and contractors.

Starting with our EHS Policy as the foundation, our EHS management system (code of practice) comprises of a series of globally applicable Core Principles, Standards and assurance processes that are structured using the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 frameworks as a foundation.

The EHS Code of Practice serves as a guide for developing a broad range of programs for the protection of workers and the environment into our day to day business management systems.

It provides the framework to establish an overall strategy and an organizational structure for managing Qualcomm EHS program.

Qualcomm requires all its worldwide offices, labs and manufacturing facilities to apply the EHS Code of Practice to avoid, mitigate and manage health and safety risks.

The EHS Code of Practice is periodically reviewed and updated to maintain alignment with industry best practice and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, and ensure continuous improvement.

Qualcomm sites are required to conduct self assessments as part of our annual compliance assurance process.

Lab management and local EHS engineers conduct more frequent spot checks and inspections to assess compliance.

In addition, we require regular internal EHS audits to verify the effective implementation of our EHS programs, as well as periodic external audits to verify the compliance status of country specific regulatory requirements.

Particularly for our manufacturing facilities, which demand the usage of hazardous substances to produce wafers, we conduct risk assessments for all workplaces and production sites to attempt to mitigate risks from these substances and to control other risks from our manufacturing activities.

Any applicable threshold of dangerous substances is regularly monitored.

This applies to workstations of our employees as well as emissions to our environment.

In addition, we are continuously checking possibilities and options for substitution of hazardous substances with materials of lower risk characteristics.

Regardless, any new substances undergo extensive review and approval processes before application can begin.

At Qualcomm, we address the sustainability of our products through the Company’s Environmental Management System and various hazardous substance elimination programs.

We seek to take preventative measures regarding certain chemicals, even if science has not definitively indicated clear environmental or health hazards.

Our own requirements are often more stringent than applicable law.

Qualcomm has been proactive in removing lead from our products since 1999.

Since then, we have been incorporating a lead free design into our new integrated circuit products whenever technically and economically feasible.

Regulations do not prohibit the use of all brominated and chlorinated compounds in our products.

Nevertheless, we’ve been proactive in eliminating them because of the potential hazards they pose.

Implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations.

Our future success depends on our ability to continue to innovate which includes our ability to identify, attract, retain and motivate qualified employees.

Highly skilled talent, especially in the area of STEM is vital to the success of our industry and to the future of technological innovation around the world.

Thus, the market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive.

Finding top engineering talent is key to our success at Qualcomm.

More than two thirds of our employees are engineers.

To ensure that we can attract top talent, we must be able to hire the best engineers, regardless of their country of origin.

Beyond fierce competition for talent across our industry and with our competitors, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign nationals, making the pool of available talent even smaller.

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed.

Additionally, increased competition to recruit highly skilled and talented individuals can increase costs.

At Qualcomm, we address this risk by supporting existing and future employees through a dedicated team of talent acquisition specialists, including immigration specialists.

We also have experts in immigration law across our legal team and outside legal firms that support our Company’s hiring and recruitment efforts and help our in house immigration team.

Qualcomm has been a committed partner to countries around the world for more than 30 years, supporting policies that encourage innovation, foster the proliferation of mobile technology and enable business friendly environments globally.

We engage in public policy efforts to support regulations that are aligned to today’s economic reality.

Our Government Affairs team participates in diverse advocacy efforts that contribute to helping us ensure that immigration laws support our Company’s ability to develop leading edge technologies specifically and our innovation based, global economy in general.

Our advocacy efforts, as they relate to immigration laws and recruiting a global workforce, are generally implemented through collaborations with trade associations and diverse coalitions of employers.

We do not disclose single percentages for these product categories as defined by this metric.

Due to the numerous and diverse types of products in our portfolio, as well as the continued release of new products to the market, we believe it is more relevant to report on our efforts around product efficiency in performance and discuss our sustainable product design efforts.

Qualcomm Quick Charge is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and or its subsidiaries.

Qualcomm is aware of concerns that minerals mined in conflict areas in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries (collectively, Covered Countries) may be making their way into the electronics industry supply chain and may be fueling human rights violations and environmental degradation in the Covered Countries.

Qualcomm strives to provide DRC conflict free products.

We support industry wide efforts to drive transparency in the supply chain.

As part of our commitment to sourcing excellence, we’re working to ensure that the minerals in our products were not mined in ways that contribute to human rights violations in the Covered Countries.

We expect our suppliers to obtain materials from environmentally and socially responsible sources, including conflict free sources within the Covered Countries.

Our conflict free minerals policy communicates the expectation that our direct suppliers obtain materials from environmentally and socially responsible sources, including conflict free sources within the Covered Countries.

Our due diligence measures have been designed to conform, in all material respects, to the framework provided by the OECD Guidance.

Information related to litigation and legal proceedings is disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10 K and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q.

This documentation is publicly available through our Investor Relations website and on SEC.gov.

The Governance Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board) provides oversight on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including climate related issues.

The Qualcomm ESG Leadership Committee is composed of executives and senior management from across the Company, including Human Resources, Legal, Government Affairs, Supply Chain, Risk and Compliance, Investor Relations, Operations and Finance.

This Committee reports at least annually on the Company’s ESG policies, programs, initiatives and reporting, including climate change and water related issues, to the Governance Committee of the Board.

The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).

The CFO provides overarching guidance on ESG matters, including climate related issues, and has these responsibilities due to holding the highest management level position on the ESG Leadership Committee and due to being part of the Company’s Executive team.

Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning a) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term.

To date, we have not identified any material climate related risks with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on our business.

However, increased climate change regulation and climate change caused natural disasters outside of our scope of consideration could increase our operating costs and or lead to business disruption.

Opportunity type and driver: Products and services.

Primary potential impact: Increased revenues through access to new and emerging markets.

Description: Our 5G breakthroughs are helping transform industries, like telemedicine and remote education, and driving efficiencies with always connected mobile PCs, smart cities and smart factories.

These innovations can have profound effects from the positive impacts for human and machine productivity, to increasing performance while using less power, to helping to transform industries and enrich lives around the world.

Through smart infrastructure, we’re helping to reduce hazards, complications and costs associated with water and lighting, for example, by enabling cities and regional governments to better maintain and manage city infrastructure and efficiencies.

Cities are preparing to use 5G to monitor air and water quality in real time, while also utilizing connected car technology that’s designed to minimize traffic jams and reduce emissions while improving safety.

Disclosure Source a) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term.

Opportunity type and driver: Development of new products or services through R D and innovation.

Primary potential impact: Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for products and services.

Description: Qualcomm is developing technologies designed to improve energy efficiency in mobile devices and other applications.

For example, the Snapdragon 5G Mobile Platforms feature a comprehensive modem to antenna system solution for 5G multimode devices, designed to intelligently work together to consistently deliver high cellular speeds, superior coverage and outstanding power efficiency across numerous applications.

Similarly, Qualcomm C V2X technology is designed to enable vehicles to communicate with one another and with their surroundings and promote improved safety, traffic efficiency and support for automated vehicles.

This technology allows vehicles to work closely with traffic signal controllers, which can help reduce carbon emissions and improve traffic efficiency.

Opportunity type and driver: Resources efficiency through the use of more efficient production and distribution processes.

Primary potential impact: Reduced indirect (operating) costs.

Description: Recognizing the growing importance of efficient, low emission operations, Qualcomm has implemented a number of more efficient building systems across its facilities portfolio.

In 2020, we conducted our first company wide climate scenario analysis (CSA).

Our qualitative evaluation included 1.5 C, 2 C and 4 C warming scenarios.

Under the 4 C scenario, global warming reaches 4 C by 2100, relative to pre industrial temperatures, and climate policy is less ambitious.

In the 2 C scenario, global warming reaches 2 C above pre industrial levels, and climate policy is more aggressive compared to the 4 C policy.

In the 1.5 C scenario, global warming will be limited to rising well below 2 C above pre industrial levels by the end of the century, and it is generally assumed that society will act rapidly to limit GHG emissions.

We assessed a limited set of risks: price of carbon (transition risk), coastal flooding, high heat days, water stress, extreme cold days, average temperature and air pollution (physical risks).

As we evaluated the possible impacts to our Company under these three scenarios, we focused on the potential for increased operating costs and increased business interruption across our operations.

We leveraged standardized, third party climate modeling data, such as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs), and applied internal data sources such as our global GHG emissions, water use and facilities data.

Water stress in India, China, Germany, Singapore and the United States, where high value operations are located, may pose an escalating risk of business interruption and increased operating costs, regardless of the future climate warming scenario.

An increased number of high heat days in the United States, Singapore and India may pose an escalating risk of business interruption and increased operating costs in both 4 C and 2 C CSAs but is expected to occur earlier and be greater in magnitude in the 4 C CSA.

An increase in average temperatures in the United States and Germany may pose an escalating risk of business interruption and increased operating costs in both 4 C and 2 C CSAs but is expected to occur earlier and be greater in magnitude in the 4 C CSA.

Coastal flooding and sea level rise threaten cities in Taiwan, China, India, the United States and the United Kingdom with an escalating risk of business interruption and increased operating costs, regardless of the future climate warming scenario.

Information on our climate scenario analysis can be found on our Corporate Responsibility Website and in our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report.

Qualcomm Disclosure c) Describe the potential impact of different scenarios, including a 2 C scenario, on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.

Workforce exposure to air pollution in the United States, China and India may continue to pose a moderate risk of business interruption and increased operating costs, regardless of the future climate warming scenario.

The risk of increased operating costs due to the price of carbon primarily occurs for facilities in Germany and China in the 4 C CSA and the 2 C CSA.

This risk is greater in magnitude in the 1.5 C CSA for high emissions facilities in India, China and the United States.

Based on the results of this analysis, we don’t recognize any current material risks and, therefore, have not initiated any immediate mitigation pathways.

We plan to continue to monitor these assessments on a regular basis to stay ahead of any emerging risks.

Information on our climate scenario analysis can be found on our Corporate Responsibility Website and in our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report.

To determine which risks and or opportunities could have a substantive financial or strategic impact, potential risks are classified either as company level, when evaluated during the materiality assessment process (see below), or asset level, when evaluated through Qualcomm’s Business Continuity Program.

Company level risks: Qualcomm regularly conducts materiality assessments to determine which corporate responsibility impacts we consider to be substantive at the corporate level.

During the materiality assessment process, risks are evaluated based on a combined score from two indices of importance: importance to business success and importance to stakeholders.

Importance to business success includes considerations such as impact on manufacturing and operations, technology and innovation, revenues and cost.

Importance to stakeholders includes considerations such as governmental regulations, environmental agreements and corporate responsibility related investment decisions.

Materiality is determined by combining a risk’s scores on a variety of business and environmental indices according to a proprietary weighting formula.

A risk is considered to be material, in part, if it has a significant impact in any of these categories, and the magnitude of corporate responsibility risks (including climate related risks) are considered with equal weight as the risk’s importance to business success.

Asset level risks: Qualcomm’s Operational Resilience Program utilizes a risk hazard assessment process to identify and evaluate asset level risks on a regional basis.

The risk hazard assessment process ranks man made and environmental risks (including climate related risks) using quantifiable resources to determine the likelihood of occurrence.

Consultation with site leads is conducted to rate the potential size and scope of specific impacts.

This process is completed on a recurring basis, and the outputs are presented to the regional business continuity management teams.

Qualcomm manages risks based on the outcome of the risk analysis conducted.

The Operational Resilience Program helps document recovery guidelines and procedures to allow Qualcomm to continue critical business functions in the event of disaster.

Disasters include local incidents, such as building fires, regional physical incidents, such as earthquakes, and national incidents, such as pandemic illnesses and impacts based on climate change.

The output is presented to the regional operational resilience management teams.

Those management teams utilize the risk assessment process to mitigate, insure or accept asset risks.

In addition to risk management through the Operational Resilience Program process, Qualcomm also uses the results of annual sensitivity analyses around each identified risk to inform its strategic planning.

Metrics and Targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Total Scope 1 Direct GHG Emissions by Weight (includes purchased carbon offsets).

Our climate related metrics and targets can be found on our Corporate Responsibility Website and in our latest Corporate Responsibility Report.

In 2020 we expanded our reporting of Scope 3 emissions to include upstream and downstream transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel and employee commuting.

In 2021, we expanded our reporting of Scope 3 emissions to include all relevant sources: purchased goods and services, capital goods, fuel and energy related activities, upstream and downstream transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee commuting, use of sold products and end of life treatment of sold products.

We continually look for ways to reduce our GHG emissions.

To reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 30% by 2025, from a 2014 base year54.

To reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030, from a 2020 base year54.

To reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 25% by 2030, from a 2020 base year54.

To reach net zero global GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2040.

To date, we’ve reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by approximately 28%.

Qualcomm’s 2030 Vision is our roadmap to inform big picture thinking on corporate responsibility issues that are most important to our Company, and it will help us identify where we can collaborate with key stakeholders to create sustainability solutions.

Employ a workforce that more closely reflects the demographics of the communities in which we do business.

Be recognized as a global leader in business conduct and ethics.

Maintain adherence to our Supplier Code of Conduct in our extended supply chain.

Ensure that respect for human rights is integrated into all key business decisions.

Ensure sustainable and transparent management of our climate and water impacts across our value chain.

Actively engage stakeholders in our corporate responsibility programs.

Develop transformative mobile technologies that are widely adopted in support of a sustainable world.

Since our founding in 1985, Qualcomm has been committed to bettering the communities where we live and work.

We have been producing an annual corporate responsibility report since 2006.

This report covers our fiscal 2022: September 27, 2021 to September 25, 2022.

In some instances, data is collected and reported on a calendar rather than a fiscal year basis.

Such exceptions, as well as any other exceptions to the reporting period, are noted within the report.

The information and data in this report includes Qualcomm Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.

This report has been prepared with reference to the TCFD, GRI and SASB standards.

The content of this report was developed using the GRI’s principles for defining report content : materiality, completeness, stakeholder inclusiveness and sustainability context.

Our use of the materiality principle encompassed our whole value chain, both within and outside the Company, but it is not the same materiality principles relevant for U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission purposes.

Issues deemed material for the purposes of this report may not be deemed material for SEC reporting purposes.

Our energy, air quality and GHG emissions data have been third party verified.

The report as a whole has not been externally assured.

Non financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and methods used for determining such data.

The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements.

Information concerning external initiatives, partnerships or strategic programs is based solely on publicly available materials and has not been prepared, compiled, independently verified or assured by Qualcomm.

While such information is believed to be accurate and the sources from which it has been obtained are believed to be reliable, Qualcomm does not accept any responsibility for the content of such information and does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of any such third party information.

Additional information about our operations and financial statements is available in our Annual Report on Form 10 K.

Additional information about corporate responsibility at Qualcomm is available at https: www.qualcomm.

Forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements, except where we are expressly required to do so by law.

This report contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws.

Forward looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact.

These statements are often indicated by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, estimate, seek, plan, believe, could, intend, will, and similar words or phrases.

Forward looking statements represent our current judgement about possible future events.

In making these statements, we rely upon assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances.

We believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events, outcomes or financial results, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward looking statements.

While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.

Accordingly, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.

Qualcomm, Snapdragon, Wireless Reach and Thinkabit Lab are trademarks or registered trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated.

Other products and brand names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

References in this presentation to Qualcomm may mean Qualcomm Incorporated, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., and or other subsidiaries or business units within the Qualcomm corporate structure, as applicable.

Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL and the vast majority of our patent portfolio.

Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business.