At Lowe's, we take pride in being one of the most trusted brands in America, and I'm grateful for the 300,000 associates whose hard work and dedication make that possible.

We have earned this reputation by doing the right things for the right reasons, holding ourselves accountable for our words, decisions and actions, and being service minded in our business.

That's the our value chain, increasing product efficiency and transitioning to renewable energy sources.

For our efforts and advancements in environmental, social and governance foundation of our approach to being a good corporate citizen and educational resources and opportunities for homeowners to advance practices, we were named to our commitment to preserving our shared environment by acting their personal sustainability journeys.

To that end, I am pleased to share Lowe's 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report.

Excellence and our measurable, actionable commitments.

With total fiscal year 2022 sales of over 97 billion, with approximately 92 billion generated in the United States, and a more than 3 billion investment in incremental wage and share based compensation for our frontline associates since 2018, Lowe's is continuing our journey to become the employer of choice in retail and a world class, customer centric, omnichannel retailer.

This journey includes our goal to reach net zero emissions across the company's scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050.

Embarking on this journey demonstrates our commitment to a better, more sustainable future.

We have a responsibility to the customers and communities we serve.

That's why we've invested more than 400 million in local communities since 2018, which includes the newly launched Lowe's Hometowns grant program, a five year 100 million investment.

And our commitment to our people and communities extends beyond that.

Through financial grants, product donations, associate volunteerism, nonprofit partnerships and more, we are making meaningful and long lasting impacts.

Associate safety remains a priority enterprisewide with our Lowe's Safe initiatives yielding positive results.

We're pleased that in 2022, our lost time incident rate (LTIR) dropped to 1.78 from 2.21 in 2021.

In the year ahead, we'll continue to focus on what matters most: the safety and well being of our associates and customers.

Index for North America for the fourth consecutive year.

While we're proud of these accomplishments, Lowe's has a culture of continuous improvement.

We seek opportunities to improve operational efficiency, offer safer and more eco friendly products, support our local communities and maintain a diverse, healthy, skilled and engaged workforce.

The Lowe's mission is together, deliver the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve, and for us to achieve our mission, we are committed to the scalable strategies outlined in the pages to follow.

Our mission together, deliver the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve guides us and is carried out by our sustainability strategy and vision statements.

Today, we're proud to share Lowe's 20th annual corporate responsibility report, outlining our approach to sustainability and highlighting our goals, performance and progress to date.

People Our Communities, Product Sustainability and Operatio nal Excellence.

Industry Leaders Association (RILA), Business Roundtable and the National Retail Federation (NRF).

Distributors as well as Building Products Furnishings.

This repo rt excludes data from our Canadian retail business, the sale of which Lowe's completed February 3, 2023.

In a ddition, previous years' data exclude Canadian retail data.

A third party verified our 2022 scope 1 and 2 (location based and m arket based) GHG emissions and our water consumption data.

Chris Cassell, vice president, corporate sustainability, at socialresponsibility lowes.com.

Fiscal Year (FY) covers activities from January 29, 2022 February 3, 2023.

Lowe's proactively and regularly engages with our internal and external stakeholders those groups who impact or are impacted by Lowe's operations to better understand their needs and concerns, and to guide our strategic decision making.

Lowe's actively collaborates with suppliers, associates, shareholders, customers, local communities, industry associations, government entities, academia and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to monitor and respond to emerging challenges, trends and opportunities.

Understanding the priorities and expectations of our stakeholders plays an important role in how we set our strategies and goals as a responsible business.

We last refreshed our ESG priority topics in 2020 when we engaged a third party to assist with facilitating our assessment.

As part of that process, we conducted interviews (and validated our results) with Lowe's executives and researched sustainability topics important to suppliers, associates, shareholders, customers, local communities, industry associations, government entities, academia and NGOs.

The results of our 2020 prioritization form the basis of the three pillars of our strategy: Our People Our Communities, Product Sustainability and Operational Excellence.

As Lowe's strives to deliver the best products and solutions to our customers, our sustainability strategy focuses on responsible sourcing safer and more environmentally friendly products maintaining a diverse, healthy, engaged and skilled workforce supporting our local communities and operating efficiently, ethically and responsibly.

We also continue to find new ways to contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (p. 10) and expand our program to help us contribute to those targets.

Below are the ESG priority topics that guide the development of our sustainability strategy and reporting and highlights of our progress in 2022.

Strong safety practices protect our people while reducing claims and lost productivity.

Creating a strong sense of belonging within our operations drives engagement and helps associates better serve our customers and communities.

Increased diversity drives better ideas, positive business results and a greater connection with the communities we serve.

Engaged and healthy associates are more productive, miss less work, provide better service and have  longer tenure with the company.

Our associates are our greatest strength, and strong associate development programs help us attract and retain the best talent in the industry.

Strong, vibrant communities help us attract new talent, sustain our business and provide great places for our associates and their families to live.

Protecting workers and communities where our products are sourced and manufactured upholds our responsible sourcing commitments.

Promoting supply chain continuity while improving the environment for future generations is paramount to  our business practices.

Providing safe and environmentally friendly products helps us drive more sustainable outcomes in our  customers' homes.

Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy lowers operating costs while protecting the environment for future generations.

Reducing operational waste decreases costs and reduces the environmental impact of our operations.

Effective governance delivers better business results and improves public reputation.

Operating ethically is the foundation of being a responsible business and a good corporate citizen.

Promoting compliance throughout the business builds brand trust and customer loyalty.

Strong data security and privacy practices prevent financial and reputational loss for customers, associates and our company.

Preparing for the unknown reduces risks and increases stakeholder confidence.

Lowe's has committed to reaching net zero emissions by 2050.

The new target will include interim and long term GHG emissions reduction goals for Lowe's full value chain, including scopes 1, 2 and 3.

You can find more detailed information about our footprint on page 47.

We will work with our We will work with our suppliers to help them drive suppliers to help them drive efficiency, electrification and efficiency, electrification and renewable energy in their renewable energy in their manufacturing processes.

Investing in energy efficiency and Investing in energy efficiency and electrification projects will help us electrification projects will help us lower operating costs while lower operating costs while reducing our emissions.

By expanding our assortment of By expanding our assortment of eco friendly products, such as eco friendly products, such as rooftop solar and battery storage, rooftop solar and battery storage, we will help our customers reduce we will help our customers reduce their emissions at home.

We will continue to drive for We will continue to drive for greater efficiency in the greater efficiency in the products we sell by products we sell by using certifications using certifications such as ENERGY STAR such as ENERGY STAR and WaterSense .

We will partner with our We will partner with our transportation providers to transportation providers to move our products in cleaner move our products in cleaner and more efficient ways.

Using recycled and renewable materials in Using recycled and renewable materials in our products will reduce their environmental our products will reduce their environmental impact while promoting circularity.

Investments in renewable energy will Investments in renewable energy will help to eliminate emissions from our help to eliminate emissions from our operational energy use.

We will continue the transition We will continue the transition from gas powered to electric from gas powered to electric products across our portfolio.

Target 12.4 action to create a sustainable, equitable and just world.

Sustainable Development provides a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.

Although directed at governments, the private sector and civil society have important roles to play in accomplishing these goals.

Target 15.2 targets where we believe we can make the most impact.

Announced goal to reach net zero emissions across the company's scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions by 2050, in accordance with guidelines from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Announced Lowe's Hometowns, a five year, 100 million commitment to improving hometowns across the United States.

We have invested over 400 million in our local communities since 2018, surpassing our goal to invest 350 million by 2025.

Recognized Owens Corning with our vendor Sustainability Award for its commitment to building a sustainable future through material innovation.

Included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for the fourth consecutive year.

Lowe's has a history of supporting our associates and the communities where we live and work.

By building a diverse and inclusive culture where our associates feel safe, valued and equipped to grow, we increase their engagement and pride in Lowe's and simultaneously improve customer service.

By working with our local communities, we're able to make an even bigger difference where we live and work.

At Lowe's, we want to protect what matters, and we work hard to help associates and customers who work in or shop our locations return home safely, to the people they love and the projects they love doing.

Safety is a priority we've always had, and it's embedded in the decisions we make every day throughout the company.

The health and safety of our associates and customers is one of our highest vice president of stores and regularly included in executive business reviews.

Safety metrics are also reviewed by the priorities.

Creating a safety first culture leads to safe operations for our associates and safe shopping experiences for our customers.

Developing this culture starts with giving our leaders the right tools and training to allow sustainability committee of the board of associates to work safely while designing incident reduction strategies for our directors at least annually.

Communications Approach We continue to focus on creating engaging, relevant and useful safety communications for our store and DC associates.

Emphasizing our safety culture with compelling messages imparts current safety ideas and supports changes that embrace these improvements.

This method communicates our commitment to safety from leadership to frontline associates, leading to higher associate engagement and greater adoption of new procedures and equipment.

We're proud of how our associates take care of themselves and look out for each other.

TEAMS Leadership What it means to be a Lowe's Safe leader: TOOLS TRAINING: Providing the right tools in the right condition and training associates to do their job safely.

EXPECTATIONS: Setting Lowe's Safe expectations so all associates understand that they play an active role in fostering a safe environment.

ACCOUNTABILITY: Ensuring personal and peer to peer accountability by recognizing when additional training and expectation setting is needed, and having the courage to speak up.

MOTIVATION: Fostering the motivation to problem solve, identify safety root causes and honestly communicate improvement areas and solutions with teams to maintain associate motivation regarding Lowe's Safe.

SUPPORT: Driving the support of teams to reach their goals by teaching, training, involving associates in problem solving and encouraging them to have a voice about safety.

Lowe's Safe Review Program Establishing a safety first mindset and reinforcing safe behaviors are central to our incident reduction strategy, which directly helps reduce the number of injuries at our stores.

We employ the Lowe's Safe Review (LSR) program, a daily electronic safety inspection that is completed using handheld mobile devices.

LSR platform enables us to review analytics and data regarding the daily condition of stores and the steps taken to address issues.

As part of our LSR program, Lowe's uses a root cause analysis to help leaders take charge of safety at their stores.

Our store managers create their own store specific action plan with support from leadership, including simple, coachable steps to make their operations as safe as possible.

In addition, the LSR is available to district managers and senior asset protection officers so they can provide documented feedback and support relating to safety.

The program is part of a larger management system that delivers daily questions to keep associates updated on safety practices.

The system captures participation and behavioral data to assess the effectiveness of our safety program.

Our Angel Award is given whenever a Lowe's associate saves a life while wearing their red vest.

In 2022, we recognized those efforts with 130 Angel Awards across the company.

OSHA Recordable Rate decreased from 5.15 to 4.3 over the same learning experiences for our platform to engage period.

Although both metrics are lower than the retail average, associates.

We also plan to expand the rollout we recognize that there is still room to improve.

This continued of equipment and tools designed to enhance downward trend illustrates the success of our safety management on site safety.

We'll continue to focus on programs and helps us expand our focus to prevent much rarer but reducing incidents and the severity of incidents.

Safety Videos This year, we expanded our internal safety communication platform with more safety videos for associates.

Almost 90% of our store associates engaged with the platform this year, producing relevant, timely and credible store level feedback that leadership can use to provide more insightful and topical safety communications and trainings.

New Equipment Through ongoing communication and collaboration, Lowe's evaluates potential investments in equipment to keep associates and customers safe.

In 2022, we invested more than 15 million in safety equipment aimed at reducing associate risk exposure, including new investments in electric pallet jacks, dock locks and paint carts.

In addition to the new equipment that is deployed, the safety team is also included in process design when others deploy equipment, displays or new processes throughout the organization.

Safety Training, Emergency Response In 2022, we trained nearly 7,000 associates in first aid and CPR, a two year certification provided to five associates per location.

Other plans include continuing to deploy our dock lock system at all DCs and developing and implementing additional safety equipment to better protect our associates.

We will also focus our safety communications and training on power equipment, including their safe operation and maintenance.

We are committed to developing an inclusive culture that invites and encourages diverse opinions and ideas, prioritizing listening and responding to associates' needs.

By providing our associates with a sense of belonging at Lowe's, and focusing on our core behaviors, we can drive better outcomes for our customers, our associates and our business.

Developing a culture where we bring out the best in each other is management are reviewed quarterly by HR important at Lowe's.

We prioritize actions and mindsets that promote and senior leadership to monitor progress customer satisfaction, advocate for inclusion and inspire associate growth against benchmarks and identify key areas and development.

Additionally, our chairman and chief executive officer and board of directors receive regular updates on progress around key initiatives and objectives.

Lowe's seeks associates from diverse backgrounds and skill sets who are collaborative, self motivated and strong communicators, and we work with them to identify tasks and responsibilities that are suited to their career goals and skill sets.

This creates a positive and inclusive work culture, resulting in a healthy environment that allows us to best serve both associates and customers.

Lowe's Core Behaviors We provide world class customer service by fostering the values and behaviors we believe are directly responsible for our continued success.

F OCUS ON CUSTOMERS: We build strong relationships with our customers, deliver tailored solutions that meet their needs and are always thinking of ways to add more value.

D ELIVER RESULTS: We hold ourselves accountable for delivering results, even through challenging circumstances and ongoing change.

T AKE ACTION: We take immediate and decisive action with appropriate urgency and enthusiasm.

S HOW COURAGE: We address difficult issues and make tough decisions without fear or hesitation.

CONTINUE LEARNING: We're always learning, growing and working to meet individual and organizational goals.

Associate Engagement We are working to both measure and enhance associate engagement by providing multiple channels through which associates can share their experiences.

We will continue to expand our engagement tools by providing a and valuing associate input.

In addition, we instituted an exit survey across all business lines to gain a deeper understanding of what our associates more robust listening strategy that allows us to hear from associates on a more continuous basis, allowing us to act more quickly on opportunities as we continue to evolve Lowe's culture.

Success Together (BEST) Survey to better understand the environment to meet these needs and become the employer of associates are proud to represent Lowe's because they feel they are day to day experiences of our associates.

Our industry leading participation demonstrates that associates are sharing their perceptions and gives us the information needed to act on their feedback.

Employing our proactive associate listening strategy helps us to adjust to associates' priorities, such as offering associates the opportunity to prioritize work life balance.

For example, our new workforce management tools enable us to offer most full time, hourly, frontline store associates multiple scheduling options, including a shortened workweek, consistent shifts or consecutive days off.

Additionally, we strive to create an environment that potential candidates will feel inspired to join.

One way we aim to accomplish this is by developing career advancement opportunities at all levels of the business, demonstrating that everyone has a meaningful place at Lowe's.

Finally, we are enhancing our engagement survey strategy by moving to a quarterly pulse survey cadence.

This will allow us to continue gathering associate feedback on a broad set of topics while also allowing for a deeper dive into targeted concerns raised by our associates.

By building diverse and inclusive teams, we drive better ideas and positive business results, and we improve service through a deeper connection with our customers.

We continue to execute on our multiyear program to integrate diversity and inclusion initiatives into our corporate strategy across three areas: talent, culture and business.

Creating an inclusive and diverse workplace brings out the best in our associates, included in quarterly business reviews for each customers and the communities where we live and work.

By fostering an inclusive function to show progress against our efforts culture, building a diverse team and encouraging accountability, we increase our and identify opportunities for improvement.

Three Pillars of Our Culture, Diversity Inclusion Strategy with our chairman and chief executive experience they expect.

Understanding Our Associates' Perspectives We strive to foster an inclusive culture that provides associate support, where associate engagement and belonging are measured through a broad spectrum listening strategy.

Eight Business Resource Groups (BRGs) allow associates to learn about diversity and inclusion topics from peers while also acting as a support resource.

Lowe's is proud to host community conversations, provide resources and guidance to both associates and leaders and create opportunities to celebrate our diverse identities.

Additionally, each BRG provides training to help individuals demonstrate inclusive leadership.

TALE NT: Build a workforce that can provide the best products and services for all of our customers and understand how to best meet their needs.

CULTURE: Foster an inclusive culture that unleashes the unique abilities of our full workforce to serve and support our customers and communities.

BUSINESS: Innovate to provide better and more diverse services and solutions, resulting in strong business outcomes and investments in our communities.

Business Resource Groups In 2022, we continued to host meetings virtually to accommodate they bring.

While we're proud of the progress we've made in advancement for women, both in our SSCs and in the field.

Our developing a diverse and inclusive culture, we understand more associates and allow for on demand access.

Together, to help build connections for all generations within our workforce.

BRGs regularly collaborate to create intersectional events that continue to add value for our associates and the business.

Hire: Recruit talented women from all backgrounds.

Retain: Offer compelling benefits for women to stay.

Advance: Create career development programs and offer advancement opportunities.

We are committed to identifying and removing obstacles and as well as provide internal training and career development providing career opportunities for all of our associates, including opportunities for diverse associates.

One way we do this is by leveraging our internal HR data partners with universities that serve all students, including to understand the demographics and intersectionality of our team, there is still more work to be done.

In 2023, we plan to expand our Business Resource Groups (BRGs) experience to reach frontline associates in our store and supply chain locations.

We will continue to develop a holistic disability strategy to position Lowe's as a leading retailer in creating an inclusive and accessible culture for associates and customers alike.

We plan to relaunch the self identification program to learning and work experiences with the goal of bringing women for advancement.

Supporting Women Our strategy for empowering women focuses on hiring, retention, advancement and development.

We value having women at all levels of our organization and the unique skills and perspectives focus on providing additional options for associates to share their diverse backgrounds and highlight the impact of self identification on their experience at Lowe's.

This resulted in some subcategories not equaling 100%.

We are proud to have been recognized for our culture, diversity and inclusion efforts with more than 20 awards.

As we work to become the retail employer of choice, we are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people by creating valuable career opportunities.

Our goal is for our associates to view Lowe's as Home to Possibility, delivering good jobs, a sense of belonging and a promising future.

Retention programs are reviewed and approved by the HR governance board.

Processes and tools are in place to allow us to focus resources on the programs that provide the most value.

These processes help us identify and mitigate risks early, and our executive vice president, human resources, reviews these programs monthly.

For the 23rd consecutive year, Fortune magazine recognized Lowe's for our efforts to be an employer of choice and offer jobs that people seek out.

The criteria used for this award includes investment value, quality of management and products, social responsibility and ability to attract talent.

Attracting Top Talent Attracting top talent means providing our associates with opportunities to develop, thrive and progress at Lowe's.

With over 52,000 unique roles and a focus on retaining and growing our associates, people from all backgrounds and experiences can find their ideal role and achieve success at Lowe's.

As our business grows and adapts to changing customer needs, we will continue to adapt how we attract and retain top talent.

Career Development While attracting top talent is essential, Lowe's strives to help grow meaningful careers for our associates by supporting the development of skills and confidence needed to thrive in Lowe's roles.

In offering more than 3.5 million training activities per month, we develop our associates through upskilling and leadership training as they become more proficient in their current roles.

Our goal is to provide associates with the opportunity for a successful career with Lowe's as part of our focus on internal talent.

In 2022, this approach had outstanding results: We filled over 80% of our leadership positions internally.

Educational Opportunities We believe greater access to education leads to more opportunities.

Associates have access to select 100% tuition free educational programs and partially funded programs at high quality schools.

Whether starting with foundational learning, including high school completion, college readiness and language learning and literacy, or for associates ready to earn a degree or a technical certificate, associates may choose to pursue a variety of opportunities.

Lowe's has partnered with Guild to provide associates access to this benefit.

Stable jobs Competitive compensation Scheduling flexibility.

Empowering relationships Connection to community Safe place to be you.

Internal mobility Expanded leadership paths Training for advancement.

Indices funded textbooks and course fees and one on one support from education coaches.

All regular part time and full time Lowe's associates based in the United States are eligible after 90 days of employment.

Lowe's University Lowe's University provides all store associates with new learning and development opportunities that are tailored to their role, in addition to the standard onboarding courses.

Our leadership trainers often are former store leaders and executive leaders this leader as teacher model has produced positive engagement rates.

Last year, we also expanded training opportunities at Lowe's University through our Tech Institute.

Infrastructure Academy, UX Academy and Software Engineering and and appliance repair.

In addition, we launched the virtual department recognized skill set for participants as a pre apprentice in the skilled supervisor fundamentals series, delivering more than 175 classes with trades industry.

In 2022, we expanded the program to include earlier over 10,000 new to role department supervisors in attendance.

Since the program began, 4,500 associates have enrolled, and over 1,300 associates have graduated.

Associate Compensation We have a strong track record of investing in our workforce by offering locally competitive salaries and wages.

Since 2018, we have invested more than 3 billion in incremental wages and share based compensation for our frontline associates, which included creating manager and district manager cohort leadership development many new roles for our associates to grow into, inclusive of 1,600 new programs, completed by more than 800 store managers and 115 district assistant store manager positions and 10,000 department supervisor managers.

We also launched a field supply chain virtual, three day positions.

In fiscal 2022, we implemented 170 million in annual wage leadership development program.

In 2022, more than 100 directors and increases, effective December 2022, in addition to more than 580 managers and more than 750 supervisors completed the program.

In collaboration with the Charlotte Hornets and POTIONS PIXELS, we helped fund and deliver a 13 week workforce development program in the Grier Heights community.

In 2023, we plan to enhance and expand the training we offer to all associates.

We will continue evaluating training programs and training effectiveness.

They also received an hourly stipend, equipment, tools and a offering associates a path for apprenticeship opportunities while giving trades variety of industry certifications, including OSHA 10, Aerial and Scissor professionals a network of new talent.

Lowe's associates represent many generations, so we strive to create a workplace that embraces our associates holistically and provides support for complex issues affecting the various facets and stages of their lives.

Our goal is to provide comprehensive and competitive benefits that consider whole person health by supporting physical, financial and emotional wellness.

Offering comprehensive benefits to our associates is a key roadmap to create a comprehensive ecosystem of health component of our employer of choice strategy.

Our total rewards related and financial resources, tools and programs to package provides our associates with the resources needed guide our associates along their individual health and to live happy and healthy lives while working at Lowe's.

We regularly measure and evaluate regularly benchmark the industry and update our programs to our programs in accordance with both the needs of our align with best practices and the needs of our associates.

Our associates as well as industry standards while adhering to associates are the driving force behind our success.

We prioritize rapidly changing regulatory requirements.

Annually, our giving our associates a safe working environment, access to programs are reviewed for competitiveness, and proposed support services and fair compensation for their efforts.

Quarterly, the retirement administrative committee reviews fund and retirement plan performance measures.

Monthly, we conduct financial reviews to confirm that our health care programs are operating within expected financial results.

Health care and retirement plan utilization highlights are shared with the compensation committee of the board of directors annually.

Our Whole Person Standard All regular full time and part time associates are eligible for a range of health and financial benefits.

The health insurance programs we offer include support for chronic disease prevention and management, weight management, expert medical opinions and mental vested match dollars up to 4.25%.

In addition, we are teaming up with Catapult Health to offer year round, virtual health checkups delivered directly to our associates to provide bariatric care.

Now associates can order a kit that is shipped directly for treatment, and Lowe's covers all expenses, including to their home to be completed on their own time, even if they are transportation to and from the facilities.

We also offer associates not enrolled in a Lowe's medical plan.

Once finished, they can access to expert secondary medical opinions, giving them send this kit to the lab for analysis and schedule an appointment enhanced control over major health decisions.

Parental resources for children education benefits.

New Partnerships Through our partners at Hinge Health, we introduced virtual physical therapy opportunities for our associates.

By providing a tablet and wearable motion sensors to associates who opt in, physical therapists are allowed to observe and guide patients remotely through a series of movements and exercises.

This program is available to associates and their dependents who have insurance through the full time associates' self insured medical plan.

We will focus on adding preventative care options for our associates and further incentivizing associates to take advantage of our offerings.

For example, our Activation Reward program will grant associates reduced premiums if they complete additional actions in their health plans.

We also will increase free counseling sessions to 10 per year and focus on promoting and providing preventative care.

Through our community engagement initiatives and partnerships with nonprofits across the nation, we're able to make lasting impacts and develop meaningful connections with the customers and communities we serve, making homes and hometowns better for all.

Members of Lowe's executive leadership team and the board of the Lowe's Foundation, an independent 501(c)(3), review and approve community grants for the Lowe's Hometowns and Lowe's Foundation programs, respectively.

Lowe's supports communities in a variety of ways, including financial grants, product donations, associate volunteerism and partnerships with nonprofits.

Restoring and revitalizing community spaces through Lowe's Hometowns natural disasters and helping them recover.

Supporting critical housing repairs to preserve focus on our nation's veterans and active military community, first responders and under resourced communities.

The Lowe's Foundation, an independent 501(c)(3), is focused on closing the skilled trades labor gap through the delivery of the Gable Grants program.

Charlotte Hornets, Lowe's funded a workforce development program to Career Opportunities program, through which nearly 300 through which young adults from an underresourced community communities we serve the company's largest ever commitment of unemployed adults received training and more than 90 were were trained and certified in high demand electrical skills.

Each year placed in jobs in construction related trades.

Lowe's Employee Relief Fund Lowe's is also dedicated to helping our associates in times of need.

Our Lowe's Employee Relief Fund, made possible through associate donations and a one to one company match, supports associates in times of significant, unforeseen financial hardship.

Lowe's Employee Relief Fund distributed more than 4.1 million, helping more than 2,900 associates in need.

Across all these efforts, in 2022, Lowe's invested more than 91 million in the communities we serve.

Disaster Relief We recognize our role in supporting associates and communities as they respond to and recover from all types of natural disasters.

From providing tools and supplies to our mobile laundry, shower and tool rental trailers to volunteering with cleanup efforts, we strive to make a difference in how a community recovers and rebuilds, both immediately and in the months and years to come.

Year in recognition of our dedication to improving the lives of veterans through our hiring practices, community service activations and fundraisers for the military community.

In 2023, improving the communities where we live and work remains a key goal of our philanthropic efforts.

Foundation's recent announcement of the Gable Grants program, a 50 million commitment to prepare 50,000 people for skilled trades careers over the next five years.

Prior periods have therefore been recast to exclude the impact of the Canadian retail business.

Beginning in 2022, we will represent this metric on a calendar year basis.

Lowe's strives to put the customer first by providing high quality items that help our customers live more sustainably.

We are also expanding our pursuit of innovative, more efficient eco products and educating customers on how to reduce their footprint at home.

Our responsible sourcing team within our international quality assurance (QA) team helps communicate policies to internal teams who make decisions to sustainably source natural resources that meet our product requirements.

Training for New Vendors When we onboard a new vendor, we provide training on our program helps communicate policies to internal teams who make decisions to sustainably source natural resources that meet our product requirements.

Lowe's legal team provides vendors with training on the Vendor Code of Conduct and other requirements related to ethics and integrity.

The Vendor Code of Conduct details social and environmental expectations, which all vendors must sign as part of the overall vendor agreement, and our QA team conducts regular training sessions with vendors on various topics.

These trainings are focused on supporting vendors in reaching and maintaining compliance with our policies and help promote a long and successful business relationship.

Our audits focus on areas such as forced labor, labor contracts, working hours, compensation and benefits, employment practices, environmental compliance and worker health and safety.

Policy are the foundation of the audit and our Responsible Sourcing program.

Sourcing Assessment (RESA) at each applicable factory by third party audit firms to support impartial reviews.

Supplier Improvement and Ownership Plans Lowe's is focused on helping suppliers understand how to adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct.

To accomplish this, we engage third party experts to design and implement management systems to address the identified concerns.

If the compliance issue is significant, and the vendor fails to correct it, we may terminate the business relationship.

We plan to continue to perform supplier factory audits and follow up on and validate corrective actions as part of our audit program.

We began providing in person trainings in 2023 and plan to continue that approach.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct applies to vendors providing goods and services to Lowe's, our subsidiaries and our affiliates.

The Code sets forth the basic standards of ethical conduct in business practices and our sustainability requirements and expectations, which vendors must comply with as a prerequisite to doing business with Lowe's.

To review our Vendor Code of Conduct in full, please visit our website.

Lowe's believes businesses have a responsibility to recognize and respect human rights.

Lowe's Human Rights Policy reflects the principles embedded in our business operations.

Organizations (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

The policy applies to all associates, vendors, customers, subcontractors and other partners that provide services and goods to Lowe's.

We believe that working through external initiatives and partnerships is the best way to address shared challenges in operating our business responsibly.

Where events may impact Lowe's commitments to human rights, we assess the risk, conduct investigations if necessary and provide a solution or action for remediation.

To read our Human Rights Policy in full, please visit our website.

With the understanding that the resources of our planet are limited, Lowe's strives to sustainably source our materials.

By tracking the origin of the resources we choose for our products, Lowe's is diligent in upholding our commitment to environmental stewardship.

Lowe's recognizes the impact the world's forests have on the ecological our international quality assurance team to sustainably source natural resources that meet our product requirements.

Since lumber is one of Lowe's primary products, enhancing sustainable wood sourcing practices for our wood supply chain is a top priority.

Wood Sourcing Policy details our commitment to procuring sustainable to evaluate compliance with our Wood and certified wood products.

The results of these surveys are reviewed by the sustainability steering committee and sustainability committee of the board of directors annually.

Responsible Forestry We continue to partner with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to uphold our responsible sourcing goals.

Under its guidance, we strive for best practices in forestry by assessing emerging risks to help lessen the ecological impacts of the business and reduce deforestation.

Lowe's is a member of Forests Forward, a corporate program managed by the WWF, which engages companies around the world to develop both long term and near term strategies to reduce their forest footprints and support other on the ground actions, including forest restoration, to keep forests thriving for people, nature and the climate.

We look forward to collaborating with other retailers as part of Forests Forward to collectively build resilient supply chains for forestry products.

Conflict Minerals Lowe's recognizes the concerns associated with sourcing conflict minerals.

We survey our private brand vendors annually to validate compliance with our policy and report in line with SEC regulations.

Commitment to Forestry Certification in Canada In 2022, we reviewed our forestry footprint and wood sourcing practices to assess how we could increase the scale, pace and rigor of our efforts to eliminate wood linked to deforestation and the degradation of primary forests within our supply chain.

Based on our assessment, Lowe's committed to requiring all wood products sourced from Canada to originate from credible third party certified forests by 2027.

In 2023, we plan to strengthen our Wood Sourcing Policy by updating the regions at risk and adding a provision that encourages all vendors to engage in Free, Prior and Informed Consent where applicable.

We also plan to implement a grievance mechanism focused on our forestry supply chain and launch new investments in reforestation and forest restoration.

Additionally, we will continue to engage with peer organizations via the WWF to drive responsible wood sourcing and sustainable forest management practices.

The 2022 survey had a 100% response rate and included sourcing data from November 1, 2021, through October 31, 2022.

With our focus on making homes better for all, we continue to expand our assortment of responsibly sourced, safe and more efficient products that help customers live more sustainably at home.

We strive to partner with suppliers to reduce waste and design products for a circular economy, a system in which products and materials are created to be longer lasting and then reused, repurposed or recycled as raw materials for other products.

As a retailer, our largest impact on people and the planet is through the products we sell.

Sustainable Products Lowe's strives to put the customer first by providing safe, durable, material selection to guide them to the best products in line with our sustainability goals.

Product responsibility and supplier sustainability innovative and efficient products that help our customers live environmental performance of our products by reducing materials more sustainably at home and lessen their environmental impact.

We continue to expand our portfolio of energy efficient products that offer customers long term savings, including ENERGY STAR certified products.

We provide energy efficiency guides and online rebate directors.

Across our portfolio, suppliers are centers on our website to help customers make environmentally encouraged to substantiate sustainability claims by obtaining trusted third party certifications with rigorous standards for protecting people, friendly purchasing decisions at the best price possible.

Lowe's is also proud of our selection of WaterSense offerings, a lineup of United States EPA certified products guaranteed to use at least 20% less natural resources and the planet.

To expand our assortment of eco friendly products, we continue to develop sustainable buying guides across all our product categories to help our merchandising teams embed sustainability into product selection decisions that align with our public commitments.

Policy to remove potential chemicals of concern and focusing on products with lower emissions.

Consumer Product Health and Safety Organization and regularly engages with the Retail Industry Leaders Association to align with product safety best practices and prepare for emerging risks and regulations.

Change Chemistry (formerly GC3) across multiple sectors to address chemicals of concern.

Policy contains a number of strategic actions and commitments and is updated based on newfound knowledge and regulations regarding chemicals of concern.

Priorities and Transparency Roadmap, which is designed to improve ingredient transparency and drive innovation in green chemistry.

Sustainable Buying Guidelines In 2023, we plan to complete the rollout of sustainable buying guides to polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) alternatives help our merchandising teams embed sustainability criteria into product assessment led by GC3 to identify and evaluate the selection decisions that align with our public commitments.

Lowe's partners with third for textiles used in outdoor furniture and other party labs to conduct product tests to verify compliance with applicable product categories.

Higher risk (Class 1) products like power tools and electrical items are tested annually.

Lower risk (Class 2) products, such as nails and screws, are tested every two years.

Third party labs are also used for consumer focused product tests to help our merchants make informed buying decisions.

Packaging We are committed to working with our suppliers to use circular design principles that reduce our packaging footprint.

To enable the circular economy and reduce waste, we aspire to design packaging that is recyclable, compostable or reusable.

This includes strategic labeling to educate customers on how they can recycle several types of packaging.

We accomplish this by adding the How2Recycle label, which aims to educate and empower consumers to properly dispose of product packaging.

To help streamline the early stages of prototyping new products, we added 3D printing capabilities to our design processes in 2022.

Expanded Polystyrene Foam and Polyvinyl Chloride In 2023, we will make further progress on excluding expanded polystyrene foam (EPS) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film from our private brand packaging.

Packaging We completed an audit of our packaging to create more sustainable alternatives.

We are committed to increasing the recyclability of our products where possible.

How2Recycle, we teamed up with municipal recycling facilities to add polypropylene, not commonly accepted by recycling programs, to the list of recyclable materials.

We also introduced this labeling to our e commerce cartons, covering over 50 unique cartons, totaling over 3.6 million units annually.

Sustainability Toolkit To assist our vendors in the development of more sustainable products and operations, we developed a vendor sustainability toolkit in 2022.

Sustainable Packaging Toolkit We also plan to create a sustainable packaging reference guide for suppliers designing packaging for our private brand products.

The toolkit is intended to accelerate the transition to designing circular packaging and reducing waste and improving efficiency.

Net Zero Emissions Roadmap The largest source of our emissions is tied to the lifecycle of the products we sell.

We plan to create detailed roadmaps to reduce emissions across our diverse product portfolio aligned to our goal of reducing scope 3 emissions by 22.5% from 2021 levels.

We will collaborate with suppliers to help them track and reduce their emissions across their value chain.

Goal progress: 100% of private brand packaging will include the How2Recycle label, where space allows.

Prior periods have therefore been recast to exclude the impact of the Canadian retail business.

This resulted in an approximately 30% reduction in reported volume.

At Lowe's, operational excellence means reducing risk and increasing efficiency and effectiveness by being good stewards of the environment, operating ethically and embracing transparency.

Mitigating climate change, reducing energy usage, emissions and waste and evaluating our governance practices enables sustainable, transparent and ethical operation for a stronger tomorrow.

Lowe's is committed to mitigating climate change by pursuing a net zero emissions target.

We plan to reach net zero by lowering our operational and transportation related energy use and GHG emissions and achieving emission reduction goals in line with science.

Lowe's strives to position sustainability as a consideration company use HydroPoint smart irrigation controllers at most stores for efficient monitor and oversee progress toward our wide, in both daily and long term decision making, because we watering.

We also carefully manage chemical disposal to prevent release climate related goals and targets.

Our sustainability steering committee leads understand that achieving our net zero emissions milestones will require into waterways.

We sell water saving products to our customers and install collaboration and tenacity.

These ambitious goals call for intentionality them in our stores and facilities.

In addition, we have a Water Stewardship management's efforts to integrate corporate as we partner with suppliers and other third parties to help us succeed.

Policy that guides our organization's water management decisions across responsibility into our business, and our retail facilities and sustainability teams manage and track our operational energy use.

Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and verify our operational GHG emissions through a third party.

Transportation We are committed to reducing emissions from our transportation initiatives.

Lowe's leverages technology and data analytics to improve related activities through innovative solutions and in depth data building performance, reduce energy consumption and decrease analytics.

We continue to collaborate with vendors, stores and emissions.

DCs to create highly efficient trucking systems via our intermodal, direct or indirect procurement or on site generation.

Managing Our Water Impacts Water conservation continues to grow in importance in the face of diminishing water supplies in regions across the world.

While our consumption is modest compared with other industries, we continue to explore ways to reduce water consumption in our operations.

Lowe's is a United States EPA SmartWay program partner, successfully achieving 100% SmartWay certification for all our transportation providers in 2022.

This program provides access to comprehensive data and oversight of scope 3 emissions associated with our United States transportation footprint.

We will continue to investigate energy markets, leverage renewable energy and implement EV technology where emissions by 49%.

In December 2022, we announced our goal to an economic alternative to gas powered vehicles, Lowe's is appropriate.

We are on track to add customer EV charging reach net zero emissions across the company's scope 1, 2 and 3 piloting ways to leverage that technology at our stores, DCs and stations at select stores in 2023.

GHG emissions by 2050, in accordance with guidelines from the other facilities.

Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), the global body enabling equipment at our Pro Fulfillment Center in Charlotte and multiple renewables.

To meet interim SBTi targets, we've also committed to decreasing our scope 1 and 2 emissions by 40% and reducing scope 3 emissions by 22.5% below 2021 levels by 2030.

Provider Commitments Lowe's is partnering with our strategic suppliers1 to identify ways to reduce emissions.

These reductions come from improved fuel efficiency, energy as we strive to decrease our scope 2 GHG emissions.

We anticipate these reductions to be slower and supply chain network, with 18 new sites completed and initially, then accelerating as zero emissions vehicles become contracts signed for more than 150 additional locations across commercially available.

New Jersey, California, the District of Columbia and Illinois.

Jones Sustainability World Index for the fourth consecutive year.

It represents the top 10% of the largest 2,500 companies in the S P Global Broad Market Index based on long term economic, environmental and social criteria.

As part of our efforts to minimize our environmental impact, we seek to divert waste from landfills where possible by promoting recycling and finding new uses for spent materials.

Managing our waste streams and their associated scope 3 emissions is a key component to achieving our net zero goal.

Lowe's is also reducing the amount of returned or damaged products much of our waste streams as possible to increasing recycling rates and providing customers with recycling identify where our waste is generated and options that help to reduce their waste streams at home.

To achieve this, sent to landfills through our reverse logistics program.

By leveraging centralized reverse hubs in the United States, products previously opportunities to recycle and implement we are incorporating circular economy principles into our operations and destined for landfills are transported from stores back to our DCs for circular economy principles.

Diverting and Recycling Waste We partner with suppliers to improve recycling and waste diversion, develop regional management processes, measure waste streams and nonprofits to divert unsold products resulting from category resets to be used in their homebuilding and renovation projects, helping to support their mission while reducing waste to landfill.

Hazardous Waste Management Our internal hazardous waste protocols, based on U.S. regulations and and national partnerships where possible.

We also operate in store industry best practices, promote responsible management, transport and recycling centers for customers to recycle items, including compact disposal of all hazardous materials.

We regularly examine new ways of fluorescent lamps, rechargeable batteries, plastic planter pots and improving our technologies and processes to enhance the classification cell phones.

Circular Economy Achieving a net zero emissions goal requires us to manage and mitigate the environmental impacts of the waste we generate.

As we continue to analyze methods of increasing the recyclability of our materials and products, we also evaluate how we can participate in the circular economy by turning the waste we produce into useful materials.

To reduce the amount of waste that is directed to landfills, we are also taking steps to sort our waste into distinct categories.

These better organized waste streams help us identify materials that may have value to others, find markets where we can send these materials and, occasionally, generate additional revenue.

In 2022, we began our partnership with Trex as a plastic film and bag recycling partner.

Trex reuses the clear, plastic film we collect to manufacture a new flooring product.

Our partnership helps to divert waste from landfills while providing more sustainable materials for the products we sell.

Recycling at Our Regional Distribution Centers (RDCs)  We continued to add pallet grinders to our RDCs to expand our recycling capabilities.

To help us reduce waste sent to landfills and that waste's associated scope 3 emissions, we plan to further leverage products.

In the future, we may be able to transition our wood waste back into pallets.

At other DCs, we continue to roll out Styrofoam densifiers, which are machines that allow identify trends.

We also plan to ramp up our deployment of Styrofoam densifiers at our cross dock terminals and provide technology to our DCs that allows them to use the HAZMAT application.

Improved Waste Management Understanding, managing and diverting waste from landfills is a priority.

This year, we introduced policies and procedures that instruct stores when they can use open top dumpsters that reduce our visibility into stores' waste streams and are costly to perpetually operate.

This helps create a centralized return repository, giving us more insight into what we can donate to local nonprofits and reducing the transportation needed to do so.

Over the last three years, our reverse logistics program has diverted 35,000 tons of waste from landfills.

HAZMAT Application In 2022, we launched our proprietary HAZMAT application to simplify, expedite and verify our processes for managing hazardous waste in our stores.

This once manual process is now done virtually and automatically through the app.

The HAZMAT application provides compliance directions for safe storage and disposal of hazardous waste, and the app prints and logs all necessary documentation to regulatory standards.

This saves worker hours, improves compliance and reduces costs.

Lowe's is committed to doing business with integrity, honesty and transparency.

Board Oversight Our board of directors and its five standing committees, each of which is composed of solely independent directors, are responsible for overseeing corporate strategy and risk management processes.

In addition to oversight by the full board of directors, the board has also delegated primary responsibility for more frequent and in depth oversight of the company's environmental and social strategy to its sustainability committee.

The board also coordinates with its other committees to provide active board and committee level oversight of the company's management of environmental and social related risks across the relevant committees.

Political Involvement Lowe's generally does not make contributions from corporate funds to political campaigns, super political action committees (PACs) or political parties.

We provide transparency by publishing annual reports of the company's political contributions and the aggregate dues paid to trade associations that engage in lobbying activities.

We list trade associations to which our company makes yearly payments of 5,000 or more, and our PAC contributions are publicly available on the Federal Election Commission website.

Our Political Engagement and Contributions Policy articulates our principles concerning political contributions, trade associations and lobbying activities.

In the United States, our voluntary associate led Lowe's Companies, Inc. political action committee (LOWPAC) raises money for political candidates to address issues relevant to the company's priorities and strategy.

Lowe's government affairs (GA) team regularly assesses and evaluates the company's relationships with all current trade associations to align with the company's strategy.

Our GA team actively participates and communicates with trade associations to help shape their agendas and priorities (e.g., serving on trade associations' boards) and to maintain real time knowledge of their advocacy positions and policies.

The nominating and governance committee of our board of directors has oversight of Lowe's GA activities, including lobbying priorities, trade association memberships and LOWPAC.

Continuous oversight of overall risks, with emphasis on strategic risks.

Oversees the company's risk, policies for risk management and specific risks associated with major financial exposures, legal matters, data protection, privacy, cybersecurity matters, business continuity, operational risks and compliance with laws and regulations.

Oversees risks associated with the company's compensation policies and practices.

Oversees risks associated with our corporate governance practices and policies and our political activity.

Oversees risks associated with environmental and social issues.

Oversees risks associated with the company's strategic technological initiatives and ecommerce matters.

Identification, assessment and management of risks.

Identifies and assesses material risks faced by the company and evaluates action plans to mitigate material risks.

Our commitment to doing the right thing guides us throughout our decision making processes.

Industry Leaders Association and the Business Ethics Leadership Alliance.

Compliance for us is not static, and we continually evaluate and anticipate emerging issues.

We require all management associates, international leadership and requirements, we can train, communicate to and prepare our associates associates who represent Lowe's in foreign jurisdictions to receive annual to adjust to any necessary changes.

Additionally, all associates receive annual anti harassment workplace training.

Protecting the data and maintaining the trust of our customers, associates and business partners is of paramount importance to us.

Lowe's strives to balance our legitimate needs to collect, use and share such data against individuals' privacy interests and expectations.

Access control and identification associates and business partners.

Contingency planning data protection, privacy and cybersecurity and enhance our products, service and operations.

Incident response officer or chief information security officer compliance purposes.

The audit committee regularly reviews metrics about cyberthreat response preparedness, program maturity milestones, risk mitigation status and the current and emerging threat landscape.

Compliance and Oversight Lowe's adopts physical, technological and administrative controls on data privacy and security.

Standards (NIST) security and privacy frameworks as well as established internal security standards and industry best practices to drive our strategic direction and make continuous improvement.

Our data privacy and security policies and procedures are designed to incorporate industry best practices and applicable regulatory requirements.

Lowe's regularly reviews and updates these policies.

We conduct independent annual risk assessments performed by external parties, participate in compliance audits and run internal assessments conducted by full time red team resources that test our systems for vulnerable points.

These activities are benchmarked against standards that include NIST and PCI DSS, and we regularly evaluate program maturity with industry leaders.

We also strive to follow the industry's best practices by monitoring and adopting improved capabilities and best practices.

Lowe's business teams, including marketing, information technology, variety of factors, such as the nature of shared data, potential impact information entrusted to us.

Lowe's also has privacy legal and store operations and human resources to assess new and emerging to business continuity and vendors' security posture.

We conduct data technology teams dedicated full time to the company's privacy issues and adopt proper data protection measures.

Threat Management and Incident Response We perform regular vulnerability scanning and conduct vulnerability testing during the software development life cycle, including automated controls that prevent insecure code from being promoted to production.

Our information security team leverages leading technologies and vendors to monitor and respond to security threats via a dedicated 24 7 security operations center.

In the event of a security incident, a defined and require vendors to adopt policies in compliance with data and regulations, as well as industry requirements.

Lowe's adopts a suite protection laws and regulations and Lowe's requirements.

Lowe's has companywide and tailored training programs to educate associates during onboarding and annually.

We train contractors processing privacy requests, conducting privacy impact assessments and tracking privacy questions and feedback we receive.

To comply with applicable state privacy legal requirements, Lowe's information security and privacy policies and properly protect personal provides consumers control over their personal information through information and identify and escalate suspicious activities.

We participate in National Information Security Awareness Month with actions.

A cross functional team conducts periodic simulated exercises a monthlong Cybersecurity Awareness Summit, host monthly security to ensure team members are trained to handle incidents.

Training and Third party Risk Management Our vendors are required to uphold our commitment to data security awareness.

Lowe's Privacy Statements, which cover all lines of businesses operated and protect information privacy and may use, retain and disclose only by Lowe's.

We regularly review and update our policies as necessary to entrusted information for the purpose of conducting business with cover the use of recent technologies and services.

Lowe's implements technical, procedural and organizational measures to comply with applicable data protection laws.

We follow a formal privacy impact assessment process that evaluates new projects involving any collection, use or sharing of personal information to embed privacy considerations early into project design and business operation consideration.

Lowe's also extends certain consumer control over their data to those who reside in states without such legal requirements.

MyLowe's account holders can also correct their account profile information when logged in.

We also participate in various privacy and retail industry groups to remain at the forefront of regulatory and policy trends and best practices and to provide input to various legislative privacy initiatives.

Retail Federation's Privacy Working Group and other state privacy leaders' working groups.

Decreasing Fraud in E commerce Protecting the integrity of online business transactions is important to our growth.

In 2022, we successfully reduced the amount of fraud in e commerce transactions through improved technologies and processes, such as dark web monitoring and fraud risk indicator gathering.

Through these improved processes, we are able to load, ship and deliver customers' online orders with a high success rate, saving time and reducing costs for our customers.

Lowe's is proud of our track record for protecting personal information, and we are honored to be recognized for our efforts.

Lowe's monitors the industry for new and improved capabilities, best practices and future innovation in cybersecurity and data protection.

We are dedicated not only to protecting our business but to also being an innovator in our capabilities and operations, improving security and streamlining processes wherever possible.

We take earning our associates' and customers' trust seriously, and we strive to meet their expectations in an evolving virtual landscape.

Lowe's strives to actively prepare for and plan to effectively respond to risks, disasters or incidents that threaten our ability to conduct business.

Lowe's takes both a short and long term approach to resiliency as a leverages an Everbridge visual command center to evaluate, analyze business continuity teams are responsible for whole with additional focuses on climate change, policy making and and communicate potential external threats to relevant stakeholders identifying risks that have the potential to disrupt our operations and strategic direction.

The leadership of our enterprise risk council annually presents an overview of the enterprise risk management program to the full board of directors, which includes information on the company's enterprise risk assessment process, key conclusions, categorizations and trends in identified risk exposures, mitigation focus areas and identification of which among the board committees and the board have oversight responsibility for key risks.

These interwoven across the organization 24 7 365.

In addition to security and emergency issues are complex and require ongoing and constantly adapting incidents operations, the GSOC intelligence team focuses on strategic management approaches.

Business Continuity Our business resilience and continuity plans emphasize people, places and processes.

We currently have over 200 continuity plans in place and are continuing to add new ones annually.

We continue to develop threat intelligence operations, working with other Lowe's teams on a monthly basis to identify any convergence of threats and scanning the horizon for potential impacts from possible targeted activism, civil unrest, geopolitical issues, potential reputation impact and other threats, to provide a common threat picture.

Lowe's Command Center The Lowe's Command Center was founded after Hurricane Hugo in to customers and aid our associates in times of disruption.

The GSOC communities impacted by natural disasters.

In 2022, we transitioned our focus to address all hazards anything that puts Lowe's people or assets at risk.

This expanded focus includes an evaluation of what infrastructure, product and support are needed, how many locations are affected and where we should deploy our resources after a hazardous event, all with the intention of supporting the communities we serve.

Building for Resilience We conduct a TCFD analysis annually to assess our exposure to climate related risks and better understand the impacts on our value chain.

To evaluate the potential impacts to our business, we identified possible stressors to our business model in accordance with various climate scenarios and reviewed these stressors with a cross functional team to determine the risks and opportunities across our value chain.

Climate related risks are integrated into our enterprise risk management processes.

For more details on TCFD, please see the TCFD reporting section at the end of this report.

Rapid response doesn't stop with our customers and  communities.

To support our associates, throughout 2022,  scope to include physical security incidents at our store locations.

Based on that success, the GSOC then cascaded the pilot to as our Lowe's branded washer dryer and shower trailers,  multiple regions in 2022.

In 2022, the GSOC Intelligence team took care of not only their families but also our customers and  expanded our coverage based at our Store Support Center in communities after a major event.

Bangalore, India, to provide a follow the sun intelligence model.

Business Continuity in the Cloud In 2022, we enhanced our continuity plans with a new management system that also supports Lowe's recovery response capabilities by expanding our staged inventory efforts whenever there are disruptions.

This program places loaded and pre positioned helps streamline continuity planning across multiple teams trucks carrying items such as generators, chainsaws, prioritizes what resources need to be deployed and when bottled water and tarps around the United States for quick shows business impact over time on sales, customer service, deployment after a major event.

From wind to flood to legal and regulatory impacts and or operations and identifies wildfire events, these trucks contain the range of products which applications are critical and which need priority that communities need to either respond to or recover from a restoration to resume operations.

Florida coast in September 2022, nearly all these resources were deployed to support our customers and communities.

We are committed to positioning ourselves to be prepared to respond and help our associates, customers and the communities where we live and work.

We will continue our commitment to help communities be Lowe's Ready for extreme weather events by bolstering our response efforts and capabilities.

Lowe's partnered with with Southern Baptist Disaster Relief to distribute 2,000 hot meals to impacted communities the day before Thanksgiving.

Prior periods have therefore been recast to exclude the impact of the Canadian retail business.

Lowe's is working to address the gap in measurement of upstream raw material emissions.

Prior periods have therefore been recast to exclude the impact of the Canadian retail business.

This sustainability report covers Lowe's Companies, Inc. and our subsidiaries, excluding Lowe's Canadian operations that were divested in 2022.

Reporting period: Calendar Year 2022 except as otherwise noted.

In 2022, Lowe's announced our strategic decision to divest our Canadian operations.

To be consistent, we restated all historical data presented in this report to exclude Canadian operations.

About Lowe's This Report 0.06% of associates in the United States earn state or local minimum wage.

All Lowe's associates earn more than the federal minimum wage.

In 2022, the ratio between the annual total compensation of the chief executive officer and the annual total compensation for the median employee was 591 to 1.

For more information see our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Lowe's sustainability initiatives and programs are overseen internally by the Sustainability Steering Committee, which is chaired by a member of the executive leadership team.

The Sustainability Steering Committee meets quarterly to review progress and develop new sustainability initiatives.

In addition, Lowe's board of directors established the sustainability committee in 2018 to review and provide oversight to the company's position on significant environmental and social issues.

In 2022, Lowe's announced our strategic decision to divest our Canadian operations.

Therefore, any previous collective bargaining agreements that may have been in place are no longer applicable at the time of this report's publication.

Due to confidentiality restraints, we do not disclose this information.

This report follows the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the leading framework for promoting more informed investment decisions related to a company's exposure to climate related risks and opportunities.

This report summarizes how we assess risks and opportunities associated with climate change and our actions to date, and it is structured around the four TCFD elements describing how organizations operate: governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets.

A) Describe the board's oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

Our board of directors views oversight and effective management of environmental and social issues and their related risks as important to the company's ability to execute our strategy and achieve long term sustainable growth.

The board receives regular updates on environmental and social topics from our vice president of corporate sustainability.

In addition to oversight by the full board of directors, the board has also delegated primary responsibility for more frequent and in depth oversight of the company's environmental and social strategy to the sustainability committee.

Our sustainability steering committee, which is composed of certain officers and business unit divisional leaders, is led by Lowe's executive vice president of merchandising and assists with evaluation and the oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

The sustainability council, which is composed of cross functional Lowe's stakeholders, is led by Lowe's vice president of corporate sustainability and identifies and evaluates Lowe's climate related risks and opportunities.

The key functions of these management committees are described below.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change RCP8.5 This scenario represents a future where minimal action is taken to mitigate global warming.

Physical stressors, such as hurricanes, temperature rise and wildfires are more frequent and severe in this scenario.

Lowe's selected this scenario to better understand the impact of extreme climate stressors on our value chain.

Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) scenarios (Net Zero 2050 Below 2 C Nationally Determined Contributions) These scenarios represent a future where varying levels of action are taken to mitigate global warming through policy changes to incentivize a cleaner and more efficient global infrastructure.

The most significant stressors in these scenarios are related to the rapid transition to a low carbon economy.

Lowe's selected multiple scenarios to better understand the range of outcomes that could result from this transition.

The charter for the sustainability committee can be found here.

A) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term.

Through our scenario based approach, we identified risks and opportunities related to stressors associated with each scenario.

We then evaluated the potential impacts of those stressors in different scenarios over a 30 year time horizon.

The opportunity to reduce operating expenses by implementing innovative new technologies.

Reduced operating expenses through the implementation of new energy saving or emissions reducing technologies in our operational footprint.

New product efficiency regulations could result in increased product costs.

The magnitude of the potential risk varies based on how aggressively these policies are implemented.

In December 2022, Lowe's committed to a goal of reaching net zero emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050 to accelerate the decarbonization of our value chain.

Lowe's regularly evaluates new opportunities to increase the resilience of our facilities, improve energy and water efficiency, and also evaluates our product mix to meet changing seasonal needs.

Lowe's regularly evaluates supplier location and exposure to identify potential risk areas.

We then focus on supplier diversification in those regions to minimize potential disruptions to our supply chain.

New product efficiency regulations or increased warming of the climate could result in increased consumer demand for products that require less water or energy to perform a similar function.

Increased heat levels could also lead to incremental sales of products to improve the energy efficiency of the home.

Increased severity and frequency of acute events could result in increased demand for products that improve the climate resilience of homes.

Lowe's regularly evaluates new technologies to address primary sources of energy use and emissions within our operational footprint.

Lowe's continues to expand our portfolio of energy and water efficient products to provide customers options in line with demand.

Lowe's continues to evaluate new product offerings to improve climate resilience while educating our customers on the best ways to protect their homes from the impacts of severe weather events.

Lowe's mission is to deliver the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve.

The climate related risks identified in the tables on page 58 have the potential to impact our business in a number of ways, including increasing operational expenses, increasing the cost of the products we sell, disrupting our supply chain and impacting the mix of products we offer to our customers.

There are also several business opportunities in the scenarios we reviewed, including the transition of the residential sector to a low carbon future and the reduction of operating expenses through investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy.

Both the risks and opportunities identified in this report are taken into consideration during the organization's strategic and financial planning processes.

In 2022, Lowe's committed to a goal of reaching net zero emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050.

The steps required to achieve this commitment aim to accelerate the decarbonization of our value chain while contributing to the reduction of global GHG emissions.

The opportunities identified in this assessment have been part of our strategy as the company has focused on driving operational efficiency and delivering the best products to our customers.

C) Describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.

Over the years, Lowe's has adjusted our business model and product mix to adapt to changing customer needs and market conditions.

In each scenario we reviewed, we identified a balance of opportunity and risk that reflects the resilience of our business model.

For example, the stressors identified in the RCP8.5 scenario have the potential to disrupt our supply chain and operations, but they also create an opportunity for Lowe's to provide customers with the products and services they need to repair damage from severe weather events and prepare their homes for future events.

In 2 C or lower scenarios, product efficiency requirements and carbon tax schemes have the potential to increase product and operational costs, but they also have the potential to increase revenues as customers work to decarbonize their homes.

Lowe's will continue to focus on improving energy efficiency within our own operations and product mix while accelerating our efforts to reduce emissions and build resilience throughout our value chain.

A) Describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate related risks.

A) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Lowe's is focused on risks and opportunities across the short term (0 3 years), medium term (3 6 years) and long term (6 years), spanning from 2021 to 2050 and beyond.

B) Describe the organization's processes for managing climate related risks.

The primary responsibility for the identification, assessment and management of the various risks we face belongs to Lowe's management.

At the management level, risks are prioritized and assigned to senior leaders based on the risk's relationship to the leader's business area and focus.

The senior leaders develop plans to address the risks and measure the progress of risk management efforts.

C) D escribe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk management.

Our executive vice president, chief legal officer and corporate secretary provides centralized oversight of Lowe's enterprise risk management program, which includes the Enterprise Risk Council (ERC) composed of senior leaders with broad enterprise experience.

The ERC supports the execution of the enterprise risk management program by (i) working to identify, assess and categorize existing risks faced by the company, (ii) identifying senior leaders responsible for managing such risks and (iii) evaluating action plans and progress to appropriately manage those risks.

Currently, climate risks are integrated within the enterprise risk management framework.

B) Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and, if appropriate, scope 3 GHG emissions and the related risks.

Carbon tax and efficiency standards resulting in increased operational costs.

Carbon tax and efficiency standards resulting in increased operational costs.

Carbon tax and efficiency standards resulting in increased  product costs.

C) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

Lowe's goals, targets and progress are available in the body of the annual Corporate Responsibility Report.

Lowe's and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC.

This report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Statements including words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, desire, project, estimate, will, should, could, would, may, strategy, potential, opportunity, outlook, scenario, guidance and similar expressions are forward looking statements.

Forward looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections and assumptions about our sustainability program and goals and business outlook, priorities, expectations and intentions.

Such statements involve risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct or that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment or expectation can or will be achieved.

Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.

Investors should carefully consider the risk and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and as may be updated from time to time in Item 1A in our quarterly reports on Form 10 Q or other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

All such forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law.

Inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material to Lowe's business or operating results.

Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our ESG goals and other sustainability plans and goals maybe be based on evolving protocols and assumptions which may change or be refined.