The information within this PDF is accurate as of June 29, 2023.

Unless otherwise noted, our sustainability data reflects progress made during the calendar year (ending December 31), whereas our financial reporting corresponds with our fiscal year, which ends on the last Saturday of December.

As a general matter, recent organizational changes (e.g., acquisitions and divestitures) are reflected in our reporting as soon as practical.

When the impact of organizational changes is deemed significant on previously reported metrics measured against a baseline, those metrics are recast to consistently reflect the impact of such organizational changes.

Haomusi Food Co., Ltd. (Be Cheery), BFY Brands, Inc. (BFY), Pioneer Food Group Ltd. (Pioneer Foods), and SodaStream International Ltd. (SodaStream) and our divestiture of Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands (Tropicana).

Our sustainability reporting suite includes multiple resources available online that explain our approach to help build a more sustainable food system.

This document reflects progress against our sustainability goals, as they were structured in 2022.

For detail on how we measure performance against these goals, see Calculation methodology on ESG Topics A Z.

PepsiCo considers an acre as delivering regenerative impact when the adoption of regenerative agriculture practices results in quantified improvements in at least two of the environmental impact areas, with a preference for GHG to be one impact area.

Advocate for and contribute to a measurable improvement in the health of high water risk watersheds where we directly source our crops, including an improvement in water use efficiency of 15% by 20253.

To focus efforts on implementing sustainable practices, we currently intend to collect and publish agricultural water use efficiency data at least once every three years.

World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct water stress assessment tool is used to reconfirm high water risk areas every three years.

Percentage of volume sustainably sourced and verified by third parties, including volume of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified palm oil and volume of Bonsucro certified (or equivalent) cane sugar.

The livelihoods improvement goal focuses on improvements in three areas: economic prosperity, farm and farm worker security and women’s economic empowerment.

Assessments are conducted at least once every three years.

Reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain by more than 40% by 2030, including a 75% reduction in emissions from our direct operations.

For more information, visit the Climate change page on ESG Topics A Z.

Prior year results are being recalculated to be consistent with the remeasured 2015 baseline.

This ambition and impact builds on PepsiCo’s long record of improving water use efficiency.

Between 2006 2015, water use efficiency improved by 26% in global legacy operations at the date of target setting.

High water risk convenient foods facilities (liters kg)1, 3.

Non high water risk beverages facilities (liters liter)1, 3.

Best in class water use efficiency for beverages facilities is defined as 1.2 liters of water (or less) per liter of beverage production.

Best in class water use efficiency for convenient foods facilities is defined as 0.4 liters of water (or less) per kg of convenient food production.

World class water use efficiency for beverages facilities is defined as 1.4 liters of water (or less) per liter of beverage production.

World class water use efficiency for convenient foods facilities is defined as 4.4 liters of water (or less) per kg of convenient food production.

With the launch of pep , we extended our 2025 replenishment goal to 2030, increasing the scope to include third party manufacturers and striving to replenish more than 100% of the water we use in high water risk areas.

See Calculation methodology for detail on how we measure progress against our pep goals.

Number of high water risk facilities that have fully adopted the AWS Standard.

Number of high water risk facilities that are in the process of adopting the AWS Standard.

We continue to measure progress against our original 2025 goal and our extended 2030 goal.

Third party manufacturers are not yet included in our 2030 goal progress, but will be included in future calculations.

In 2022, an updated water risk assessment identified additional company owned high water risk facilities, which are in scope for calculating progress against our 2030 goal only.

In addition, we did not realize the anticipated benefit of recent regulatory unlocks that are pending practical application.

Scaling new business models that avoid or minimize single use packaging materials (e.g., models that reuse, refill, prepare at home, utilize concentrates like powders, drops, etc.

We plan to report progress against this goal starting with 2023 data.

Our total beverage servings account for all beverage sales volume.

Reuse models include SodaStream, SodaStream Professional, fountain beverages, returnable glass and plastic bottles, and concentrates and powders.

Further information can be found on the Packaging page in our ESG Topics A Z.

Reducing our absolute tonnage of virgin plastic derived from non renewable sources by 20%, including by seeking to1:.

In addition, we did not realize the anticipated benefit of recent regulatory unlocks that are pending practical application.

Our actions include: Transitioning multipack plastic sacks to corrugated cases, to reduce use of non renewable virgin plastic packaging and increase recyclability of multipack secondary packaging.

Piloting and launching a bioPET bottle in Mexico with renewable materials.

Further information on our recycled content objectives can be found on the Packaging page in our ESG Topics A Z.

Our actions include: Educating and encouraging consumers to recycle.

Partnering to increase and improve recycling infrastructure and building solutions for current and future material streams.

Further information on partnerships, including with Closed Loop Partners, the Alliance to End Plastic Waste and Circulate Capital, are detalled on the Packaging page in our ESG Topics A Z.

Provide meaningful jobs and growth opportunities for our people and empower them to make a positive impact at work, at home and in their local communities.

Our actions include: Helping PepsiCo employees build and strengthen their leadership and professional skills through a variety of global training and development programs such as our PepsiCo University (PEP U) Degreed online learning platform.

In 2022, employees completed over one million hours of training.

Launching myeducation, which will enable U.S. employees, in the frontline population and elsewhere, to upskill and re skill by offering specific interventions and paths, all without going into debt.

Enabling more than 360 employees to earn degrees or complete courses, including more than 60 employees who received Commercial Driver’s License (CDL) certification through our tuition free myeducation program since it began last year.

Our actions include activating the One Smile at a Time program to: Unite the volunteer efforts of our employees across more than.

Make a positive impact on local communities worldwide by spending more than 290,000 hours in volunteering actions.

Continue to make measurable progress against our Racial Equality Journey goals in the U.S.

Achieve 10% Black representation in U.S. managerial populations.

Achieve 10% Hispanic representation in U.S. managerial populations.

Our actions include: Increasing our engagement and programs at colleges and universities to cultivate and increase hiring of diverse talent.

Tailoring our tools, resources and skill building programs to elevate business impact, while ensuring DE I is embedded across the talent lifecycle as we strive for equitable outcomes.

Expanding our diverse supply base across our value chain and investing in diverse owned businesses by providing grants and business building support services.

Continuing to benchmark ourselves across industry peers to ensure our continual progress.

Our actions include: Continuing to engage directly with our franchise and joint venture partners through our Sustainable Sourcing Program, prioritizing action on our pep priority areas, including our salient human rights issues.

See additional information within our Human rights and Sustainable sourcing pages in our ESG Topics A Z.

Our actions include: Completing a formal reassessment of our salient human rights issues to determine whether certain issues have become higher priorities over time and to establish new action plans.

Updating our Global Human Rights Policy to ensure alignment with stakeholder feedback, emerging regulatory developments and internationally recognized best practices, as well as publishing our Human Rights Defenders (HRDs) Statement outlining our commitment to respect the rights of HRDs throughout our value chain.

Adding climate change to the list of salient human rights issues PepsiCo faces and reframing other issues, including fair pay and working conditions and forced labor, in light of last year’s assessment.

In early 2022, PepsiCo’s Global Human Rights Office initiated a formal assessment to examine whether other human rights issues have become greater priorities over time.

The assessment process was led by an external organization that helped us: evaluate our progress since 2017 reexamine the potential impacts our business activities might have on rights holders and assess the potential severity and likelihood of those impacts across our value chain in line with the criteria outlined in the UNGP Reporting Framework.

For more information on our salient issues, please see the dedicated webpages on our Human rights webpage or our 2022 Salient Human Rights Issues Update.

To align with the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration calculation methodology, PepsiCo now reports Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) as Lost Time incidents per 200,000 hours worked.

For comparison purposes, we have re calculated prior years’ results previously reported per 1,000,000 hours.

We increased this goal to 100 million by 2030, having achieved more than 50 million in 2020.

Results include programs funded by the PepsiCo Foundation that are intended to provide nutritious meals.

Continue to provide consumers choice for every occasion by expanding our product offerings by 2025.

Reduce added sugars: 67% of beverage portfolio volume will have 100 Calories from added sugars per 12 oz.

Our global results are based on our Top 26 beverage markets, which represent 78% of our global beverages volume as of 2022.

Our global results are based on our Top 23 Convenient Foods markets, which represent 86% of our global convenient foods volume as of 2022.

Our global results are based on our Top 23 Convenient Foods markets, which represent 86% of our global convenient foods volume as of 2022.

Results reflect exclusion of Be Cheery portfolio 2 As of 2021, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 79% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 86% of our global convenient foods volume.

Results reflect exclusion of Be Cheery portfolio 3 As of 2020, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 88% of our global convenient foods volume.

Our actions include: Continuing to drive positive outcomes through our brands globally, with initiatives activated locally staying true to the challenges and opportunities in each of the markets.

Aiming to adopt the environmental labeling scheme(s) which have a broad, industry wide adoption.

Actively engaging and shaping external environmental labeling developments.