Over 140 years of industry leadership has given us a deep understanding of the need to stay focused on what matters most affordable, reliable, ever cleaner energy that enables human progress.

At Chevron, our strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.

We intend to provide lower carbon energy to meet demand today while building the energy system of tomorrow.

We’re getting results the right way and delivering the future of energy.

Photo: Leviathan natural gas platform, offshore Israel.

We’re investing to grow in the Eastern Mediterranean, offshore Israel and Egypt.

Natural gas production in the region is helping to reduce Israel’s greenhouse gas emissions and improve air quality.

In addition to supplying Israel, Chevron operated Tamar and Leviathan fields are exporting natural gas to neighboring Jordan and Egypt.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections.

Despite a year of geopolitical tumult and market disruption, Chevron has remained focused on our strategy, core values and commitments.

This includes our performance on environmental, social and gov ernance issues that are priorities to our company, employees, partners, communities and stakeholders.

We are proud to note that this report marks two decades of consistent, transparent reporting on our company’s efforts to protect the environment, empower our people and get results the right way.

The issues we are addressing include some of the most complex challenges facing our sector and society.

The people of Chevron approach these issues with passion and determination, believing our leadership is both a great responsibility and a profound source of pride.

Chevron’s 43,800 employees around the world are essential to shaping the actions we take and in achieving our goals.

We invest to develop their full potential by building strong leaders at every level, cultivating a culture of empowerment and inclusion, and shaping talented, global teams with the skills needed to succeed.

At the same time, we continue to focus on protect ing the health and safety of our people and the communities in which we operate.

The most important responsibility we have is to operate safely and reliably to ensure that everyone goes home safe every day.

Sadly, in 2022 we fell short, with five contractor fatalities and 20 serious injuries.

We are committed to learning from these incidents and improving our safety performance through focused work that is actively underway around the world.

Lowering the carbon intensity of our business begins with aiming to make our oil and natural gas production among the most efficient and responsibly produced in the world.

We’re pleased to report that since 2016 we have reduced our oil production Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity by nearly 40% and our methane intensity by more than 50%.

We’re actively working to end routine flaring by 2030, and we’re sharing what we’ve learned with others through the Global Methane Pledge and the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative’s Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions Initiative.

Meeting a growing world’s need for more energy and more low carbon options requires advancing and scaling promising technologies.

We are developing solutions for sectors with few viable alternatives for electrification, like aviation, shipping, heavy duty transportation and manufacturing, and intend to grow lower carbon businesses in renewable fuels carbon capture, utilization and storage hydrogen offsets and other emerging technologies.

Photo: Mike Wirth speaks with the Chevron workforce during global employee town hall.

These actions, among others, demonstrate our commit ment to doing business the right and responsible way.

At Chevron, we approach the world’s energy challenges with optimism and confidence.

Human ingenuity and the power of innovation can solve any challenge and overcome any obstacle.

We believe affordable energy to create prosperity, reliable energy for security and ever cleaner energy to protect the environment is essential to enabling human progress.

This report details our approach to delivering on these ambitions.

Thank you for your engagement, trust and partnership.

Renewable fuels, for example, offer the potential to reduce lifecycle emissions in heavy duty transportation.

Our 2022 acquisition of Renewable Energy Group makes us the second largest producer of biodiesel and renewable diesel in the United States.

We’re advancing renewable fuels production capacity toward our target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

We believe carbon capture, utilization and storage will be a critical technology in helping many industrial sectors mitigate their emissions.

We are funding projects to lower the cost of carbon capture, using our own assets to test new technologies, while investing to advance large, regional storage hubs along the Texas Gulf Coast and offshore Australia to store CO underground.

Chevron’s approach to responsible leadership extends beyond our efforts to respond to climate change and includes a variety of projects designed to protect habitats and benefit sensitive species.

Our efforts include responsible water use and a focus on biodiversity, especially in ecologically sensitive areas where we operate.

To minimize freshwater use in a high water stress area in Western Australia, we operate two onshore permanent seawater reverse osmosis desalination facilities.

In St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, we are working with Restore the Earth Foundation to plant approximately 3.7 million trees.

This nature based solution is expected to help restore up to 18,800 acres of cypress forest and swamp habi tats and benefit dependent plant and wildlife species.

Our Operational Excellence Management System helps us systematically realize our values and achieve our vision.

Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance structures and practices that help Chevron achieve business results the right way.

Various elements of strategy are discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well as at meetings of the Board’s Committees.

At least one Board meeting each year is dedicated to strategy.

To assess perfor m ance against the plan, the Board receives regular updates on progress and execution and provides oversight and direction throughout the year.

Meetings can also include updates from external subject matter experts on a range of issues pertinent to Chevron’s strategy.

Presentations at Board and Committee meetings and tours of our operations facilitate ongoing Director education.

Directors are encouraged and provided opportunities to talk directly to employees.

Highlights in 2022 included a Board visit to operations in Israel and a key supplier in Italy and Dr. Austin’s site visit to Southern California to learn about technology to detect and measure methane emissions.

For more information about our Board, visit chevron.co corporate governance.

A Chevron Director since 2008, Enrique Hernandez, Jr., chaired Chevron’s Management Compensation Committee before his latest appointment as Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) Chair.

Hernandez received his law degree from Harvard Law School, beginning his career as an attorney before leading Inter Con Security Systems’ growth into one of the largest security system providers worldwide.

To learn more about our leadership and corporate governance, visit chevron.co corporate governance.

From the COVID 19 pandemic to geopolitical events, we’ve overseen an evolving landscape of social, political, environmental, human rights and public policy issues.

These events remind us that economies need affordable energy to create prosperity and countries need reliable energy to enable progress.

Quite simply, energy security and national security are linked.

Against these myriad changes, the Committee continues to reflect The Chevron Way acting with integrity and operating with ethical standards to assist the Board in overseeing risks to Chevron’s business and activities.

In 2022, the Board received an external briefing on macroeconomic trends and geopolitical issues affecting the global energy markets and commodity price cycles.

Board members are also encouraged to visit Chevron operations around the globe to discuss matters specific to those locations.

In 2022, the Board visited our operations in Israel, where we engaged with stakeholders and employees on issues relevant to Chevron’s business in the Middle East.

These engagements, in addition to regular reports and briefings, inform the Board’s direction to management.

Chevron’s primary objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment.

We are building on our capabilities, assets and customers.

Chevron has long been committed to transparency and will continue to communicate progress on our performance through publications and reports like this Corporate Sustainability Report.

The PPSC assists the Board in identifying, evaluating and monitoring public policy trends and environ mental issues.

We review and make recommendations for Chevron’s strategies related to corporate responsibility and reputation management.

The work of the PPSC informs the full Board’s approach to these issues.

The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine created global supply and demand imbalances.

Our hearts are always with the people, families and communities directly impacted by conflict.

The events of the past year have defined the energy challenge: meeting the energy demands of today while building the lower carbon energy system of tomorrow.

Chevron’s leadership is ready to meet this challenge.

The Directors’ depth of expertise and broad range of experience across so many disciplines will continue to be invaluable in providing oversight and advice to address evolving business and geopolitical environments and further Chevron’s efforts to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.

Chevron actively engages with investors and other stakeholders on ESG issues, including our customers for whom we participate in numerous surveys as a supplier.

We engage external consultants to benchmark our prior year’s reporting and participate in peer sustainability report reviews.

Our ESG Rater performance is used to identify opportunities for potential disclosure enhancements.

These interactions and survey results help us learn what matters to our stakeholders and refine our thinking on which topics to include in each year’s report.

Members of the Enterprise Leadership Team and senior management, the Global Issues Committee and the Board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee have opportunities to provide input for our Corporate Sustainability Report.

With respect to the term material, individual companies are best suited to determine which information is material under the long standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term, and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.

Thoughtful engage ment on priority issues (sometimes called material issues in the context of ESG reporting frameworks ) helps Chevron assess and, where necessary, refresh our ESG focus areas.

We identified the content for our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report through monitoring of issues and trends, supplemented by engagements with stake holders throughout the year.

To gain insight into ESG issues and reporting trends, we engage with numerous third party groups, including: the World Business Council for Sustainable Develop ment, Business for Social Responsibility and Ipieca.

We also work with Datamaran, an ESG risk identification and monitoring software company that uses artificial intelligence to identify, prioritize and monitor ESG issues.

Their tool aggregates trends in ESG issues across a wide array of inputs, including: company financial filings and sustainability reports global regulations policy and framework proposals Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and online news.

Global Office of Ombuds Town halls Employee surveys employees.

Piloted an equity review committee to review employees’ concerns with promotion or job selection decisions.

Expanded access to well being resources Sponsored additional leadership development programs contractors.

Maintained supplier relationship and service quality programs.

Advanced our deployment of Contractor Operational Excellence Management.

Social impact strategy for people, communities engagement.

Community advisory panels Employee network volunteering environment and prosperity responsive to community engagement.

Membership in industry and trade associations Engagement with all levels of government governments policymakers customers investors.

Customer councils Customer Connection Center Industry trade conferences.

Annual Meeting of Stockholders Quarterly analyst calls Executive and management engagements Chevron Investor Day Director engagements.

Advocated for carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) and hydrogen policy enablement.

Advocated for sound energy market policy for stable supply and energy security.

Signed memoranda of understanding to help build an ecosystem for lower carbon technology.

Issued Methane Report disclosing our ongoing work to reduce methane intensity and improve methane emissions inventories.

Held first Chevron Exchange, providing retail investors a venue to engage with management nongovernmental organizations.

Influenced our positions on items ranging multistakeholder initiatives from CCUS to carbon pricing.

Through our membership in Ipieca, we worked with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) to create a Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Roadmap for the oil and gas sector.

The SDG Roadmap identifies how Ipieca, as an industry associa tion, and individual oil and gas companies can work toward a lower emissions future while contributing to a healthier and more prosperous world aligned with the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

The Roadmap identifies 10 priority SDGs where the oil and gas industry can have the biggest impact.

Below are select examples of Chevron’s contribution in 2022 to the Roadmap impact opportunities.

SDGs: 3, 7, 8, 9, 13, 16 innovation our contribution: Piloting technology that captures CO from our Kern River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California.

Photo on previous page: Worker on a platform located offshore Angola, where Chevron has been ramping up methane emissions reduction efforts.

In 2022, we conducted a drone cam paign to advance methane detection and measurement technologies.

For more, see environmental risk management, biodiversity and water.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report 13 governance and transparency our contribution: Collaborated with the Southeast Asia One Health University Net work (SEAOHUN).

SEAOHUN’s uni versities are working together to develop the next generation of health profes sionals with the right skills and mindset to respond to infectious disease threats.

The letter serves as a call to action for companies to benchmark with the Disability Equality Index and to advance disability inclusion for business.

For more, see health and safety management, people and culture, human rights and creating prosperity.

Photo: We work to protect biodiversity through our operating practices and innovative solutions.

Biosecurity monitoring devices offer automated surveillance of rodents and geckos on Barrow Island, Australia.

Many published outlooks conclude that fossil fuels will remain a significant part of an energy system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources of supply for many years to come.

As we have done for over 140 years, we will continue to evolve to help meet the energy demand that a growing world needs.

To learn more, visit chevron.co loweringcarbonintensity.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections.

Optimizing carbon reduction opportunities We seek to optimize carbon intensity reduction oppor tu nities for our assets and operations by leveraging our cross functional capabilities and using the MACC process.

This approach provides Chevron with a methodology to identify and prioritize a portfolio of GHG abatement opportunities across operations.

Utilizing this process, we identified over 120 reduction projects for development and plan to spend more than 350 million on these projects in 2023.

In 2022, we made progress on 90 projects and completed 13.

We expect to spend approximately 2 billion total on similar projects through 2028.

My role as a business analyst in strategy leverages both my experience in process optimization and passion for reducing the carbon intensity of our products.

As a MACC Champion for the El Segundo Refinery, I lead the collaborative efforts of a cross functional team.

The team is tasked with delivering projects from ideation to execution, prioritizing projects that return the largest reduction in carbon emissions for every dollar invested.

One of our team’s key successes was identified through a project lookback in 2022.

We updated the crude unit’s heat exchangers to improve waste heat utilization and reduce furnace firing.

The project targeted furnace inlet temperature improvements with the goal of decreasing energy use and GHG emissions while improving preheat exchanger run times for long term reliability.

It was the first large scale crude preheat deployment for our El Segundo plant.

Results confirmed that there was an emissions reduction of approximately 20,000 tonnes CO per year.

I look forward to coming to work every day to advance these projects, which are reducing CO e emissions and advancing Chevron’s strategy.

Upstream net zero 2050 aspiration In 2021, we announced our aspiration to achieve net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050.

Accomplish ing this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable technology government policy successful negotiations for carbon capture, utili zation and storage (CCUS), hydrogen and nature based projects availability of cost effective, verifiable offsets in the global market and granting of necessary permits by governing authorities.

Our MACC process is a disciplined and value driven approach to reduce the carbon intensity of our operations and assets by optimizing carbon reduction opportunities and integrating GHG reduction technologies across the enterprise.

Chevron’s ambition is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance.

We believe addressing methane emissions is a key part of being a responsible producer of oil, products and natural gas.

Reducing methane intensity To evolve facility designs, we’re reengineering process controls and systems to help remove, reduce or prevent methane venting as part of normal operations.

In 2022, we committed to designing, where possible, new upstream facilities without routine methane emissions.

We anticipate that our monitoring and detection program will provide additional insights to improve how our facilities are operated and maintained.

Improving detection to prevent methane emissions Since 2016, we have conducted 13 advanced detection technologies trials.

Find and fix campaigns in Argentina, the Denver Julesburg Basin, the Gulf of Mexico, the Permian Basin and Kazakhstan provided opportunities to test different methane emissions detection and measurement options.

Detection results were used to validate performance and inform repairs.

In 2022, Chevron contracted with GHGSat to monitor 22 onshore assets worldwide.

We believe advanced technologies can help drive overall reduction in methane intensity.

Chevron supports the effort to reduce global human made methane emissions by at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030.

Advancing methane measurement Chevron is taking actions to improve the quality and trans parency of our methane emissions disclosures.

As quantitative technologies become more widely available and protocols are developed to reconcile current inventories with actual measurements, we are working to incorporate field measurement into existing emission factor based inventories.

For example, we have joined GTI Energy’s Veritas, an initiative to develop measurement, reconciliation and assurance protocols, to help provide a widely accepted methodology for incorporating field informed methane quantification into emissions inventories.

Chevron’s 2022 Methane Report discusses our strategy, goals and action plan to prevent, detect and reduce methane emissions.

We believe the most effective approach to estimating the total emissions intensity associated with the activities of companies, like Chevron and their customers, should cover the full value chain inclusive of all emission types (Scope 1, 2 and 3).

For Chevron, Scope 3 emissions result principally from customers’ use of the products we sell and are the largest category of emissions associated with our activities.

Chevron expresses the emissions intensity per unit of energy.

Our portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology facilitates calculation transparency and replicability by using information from financial statements and emissions disclosures.

This approach enables validation of reporting and the comparison of carbon intensities of companies that may participate in different parts of the value chain.

The PCI metric encompasses upstream and downstream businesses, as well as growth of lower carbon business lines in renewable fuels carbon capture, utilization and storage hydrogen offsets and other emerging technologies.

A price on carbon through well designed policies, see page 54.

Transparently reporting Scope 3 emissions from the end use of our products (Category 11).

Assisting customers to achieve their lower carbon ambitions through our renewable products and by offering offset paired products.

A PCI calculator is available on our website for anyone to use and compare energy companies’ carbon intensities.

It has recently been updated to provide increased disclosures on the assumptions around energy and emissions factors and includes a list of frequently asked questions.

To access the PCI calculator, visit chevron.co chart generator.

The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) metric, which includes Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, represents the carbon intensity across the full value chain associated with bringing products to market.

We continue to build momentum by actively pursuing opportunities around the globe that we believe will position us as a future leader in this space.

Renewable fuels can help reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity of transportation fuels while meeting the world’s growing energy needs.

Chevron intends to grow our renewable fuels production capacity to 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables, a joint venture between Bunge North America, Inc. and Chevron, is expected to help develop renewable fuel feedstocks by leveraging Bunge’s expertise in oilseed processing and farmer relationships and Chevron’s expertise in fuels manufacturing and marketing.

With the acquisition of Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG), in 2022, we increased renewable fuels production capacity toward our renewable fuels target.

By combining REG’s growing renewable fuels production and leading feedstock capabilities with Chevron’s large manufacturing, distribution and commercial marketing position, we are positioned to be a leader in the renewable fuels space.

We aim to grow production of renewable natural gas (RNG) to 40,000 mmbtu d by 2030.

In 2022, Chevron and California Bioenergy LLC announced a joint investment in their second holding company to produce and market dairy biomethane as an RNG transportation fuel in California.

Chevron also has a joint venture with Brightmark LLC to construct dairy biomethane projects to produce RNG in multiple states.

With our acquisition of Beyond6 in 2022 and its network of compressed natural gas (CNG) stations across the United States, we can market the RNG we produce or procure through a nationwide network of CNG locations.

Chevron continually evaluates opportunities to grow our hydrogen business line.

We believe we are well positioned to participate across the value chain to supply industrial, power and heavy duty transportation customers.

Leveraging existing strategic partnerships and building new ones will be the foundation to meet hydrogen demand growth.

An example is our ongoing collaboration with long standing liquefied natural gas (LNG) partner JERA.

We are working together to identify lower carbon solutions such as carbon capture and sequestration, liquid organic hydrogen carriers, and the production of lower carbon fuels.

In 2022, our technology ventures group announced an invest ment in Aurora Hydrogen.

Aurora is developing a hydrogen production technology that uses microwave energy without generating any CO emissions or consuming water.

Hydrogen production using Aurora’s technology has the potential to reduce global CO emissions.

Chevron is collaborating to develop a waste to hydrogen production facility in Richmond, California.

The facility is expected to use up to 99 wet tons of green and food waste per day and produce up to 2,400 tonnes of hydrogen per year.

The hydrogen is intended to supply transportation fuel markets in Northern California.

We’re building on decades of experience handling CO to become a full service carbon capture solution provider, enabled by foundational projects and working with partners across the value chain.

CCUS is the process of capturing CO emissions to use as a feedstock (utilization) or permanently store in geological formations deep underground (storage).

We see CCUS opportunities in two areas: reducing the carbon intensity of our existing assets and building a carbon capture business, primarily through hubs with third party emitters as partners and customers.

We plan to reduce the carbon intensity of our central California operations by installing post combustion carbon capture equipment to capture CO and store it thousands of feet underground.

This potential CCS project will begin at Chevron’s Kern River Eastridge cogeneration plant in Kern County, California.

In 2022, Chevron entered into the Bayou Bend joint venture with Talos Energy and Carbonvert.

Bayou Bend is a CCS project along the Texas Gulf Coast.

In early 2023, the project was expanded to cover nearly 140,000 acres of geological formation both onshore and offshore, which could provide storage for over 1 billion tonnes of CO .

The expansion helps position Bayou Bend to be a CO transportation and storage provider for industrial emitters in and around the Houston Ship Channel and the Beaumont Port Arthur area.

Implementing CCS at scale In Australia, we operate Gorgon, one of the world’s largest integrated CCS projects.

Since the system started up in mid 2019, almost 7 million tonnes of CO emissions have been injected as of 2022.

We expect to capture and store more than 100 million tonnes of CO over the life of the project.

In Canada, we have a 20% nonoperated working interest in the Quest CCS project, the world’s first commercial scale CCS project to tackle carbon emissions in the Canadian oil sands.

The Quest project safely captures and stores 1 million tonnes of CO per year, sequestering approximately 7 million tonnes of CO as of 2021.

Commercializing investments in technology Chevron has invested in multiple carbon capture technologies, including startup companies Svante and Carbon Clean, to help drive down costs and develop these technologies at scale.

In collaboration with Svante and the U.S. Department of Energy National Energy and Technology Laboratory, we are piloting technology that captures CO from our Kern River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California.

The carbon capture trial at our McKittrick facility, also in California, combines two technologies, Caterpillar’s CarbonPoint Solutions’ semi closed cycle CO concentration technology and Carbon Clean’s fully modular CycloneCC technology.

In 2022, we signed a joint agreement with Mitsui O.S.K.

Lines, Ltd. to study the feasibility of transporting liquefied CO from Singapore to permanent storage locations offshore Australia.

A consortium of Chevron, Air Liquide, Keppel Infrastructure and PetroChina International intends to evaluate and advance the development of large scale CCUS solutions and integrated infrastructure in Singapore.

Chevron Australia participates in joint ventures that have been granted an interest in three offshore GHG assessment permits.

These new permits have the potential to expand Chevron’s portfolio of CCS assets in the Asia Pacific region.

Technology and innovation Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) identifies, invests in and integrates externally developed technologies and new business solutions.

CTV targets innovation and transformational technology in areas like CCUS, hydrogen and emerging power, among others.

For example, Chevron Studio is a collaboration between CTV and the U.S. Department of Energy National Renewable Energy Laboratory.

Launched in 2022, the 10 million program links entrepreneurs with national labs and universities to scale up and commercialize innovative, early stage technologies that have the potential to enable a lower carbon future.

To learn more, visit chevron.co growingnewenergies.

Chevron believes offsets, along with other lower carbon solutions, will be needed to achieve global net zero.

Offsets can be generated through avoidance, reduction and removal activities.

We believe that high integrity carbon offsets can help companies, like Chevron, and our customers achieve their respective lower carbon ambitions.

Chevron believes a large, transparent, verifiable and robust voluntary carbon market is key to the integrity of offsets.

As global demand grows, we expect to be a supplier of offsets and provide customers with offset paired products.

For example, in 2022, we safely delivered our first cargo of offset paired LNG.

We’re also planning to invest directly in scalable, nature based solutions.

In St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, we are working with Restore the Earth Foundation to plant approximately 3.7 million trees, primarily bald cypress.

Almost half a million trees have been planted for this carbon offset project, with more planting underway.

This nature based solution is expected to help restore up to 18,800 acres of cypress forest and swamp habitats and benefit dependent plant and wildlife species.

Chevron has a long history of fostering innovation through research and development, innovation ecosystems and university partnerships.

We are currently exploring oppor tunities to commercialize and scale the next generation of emerging technologies to grow our offering of lower carbon solutions.

In 2022, Chevron and Baseload Capital announced a joint venture to develop geothermal projects in the United States.

Leveraging our combined experience and technical strengths, we aim to advance scalable, novel geothermal technologies and tap into the Earth’s core heat, an important renewable power source.

Traditional oil and gas sector com petencies, including subsurface, wells, drilling and completions, are especially relevant in this effort.

The first project is in Weepah Hills, Nevada, where previous geothermal research and advanced exploration data already exist.

With the potential to provide reliable, baseload power, we believe geothermal energy will be a contributing element in the energy system of the future.

As one of the first companies to build commercial scale biodiesel plants in the United States, Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG) has been at the forefront of the evolving biofuels industry.

Established in Iowa in 1996, REG was acquired by Chevron in 2022.

The new organization, Chevron Renewable Energy Group (CREG), based in Ames, Iowa, will help us achieve our renewable fuels production capacity target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

Balancing economic prosperity, energy security and environ mental protection is important to us.

We expect CREG to position us to create an ever stronger renewable fuels business that meets evolving customer needs.

CREG aims to leverage our feedstock aggregation capabilities and operational technology to help provide lower carbon solutions for hard to abate sectors, such as rail, marine and heavy duty transportation.

In pursuit of innovative and sustainable solutions, we have established vertical integration opportunities with regional partners.

The primary inputs for producing biodiesel and renewable diesel are fats, oils and greases.

We utilize a flexible sourcing strategy to manufacture products with lower lifecycle carbon emissions.

One of our priorities is supply chain compliance, which helps promote integrity in the business.

We screen potential feedstock partners, assessing factors such as environmental and human rights impacts, and expect suppliers to adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct.

We work to ensure that all feedstocks can be traced to the point of origin or aggregation.

Independent third party verification bodies validate our internal control processes for sustainability program compliance.

Our investment in CoverCress, Inc. (CCI) is an example of our pursuit of innovative feedstock solutions.

CCI is developing CoverCress, a winter oilseed cash crop that could be grown like a cover crop during the off season.

Besides having the potential to augment our supply of lower carbon feedstock, CoverCress offers the typical benefits of a cover crop, like mitigating soil erosion, improving soil health, and reducing water and nutrient movement.

In 2022, our Emden, Germany, biorefinery broke ground on a pretreatment system that will allow us to refine a broader variety of lower carbon intensity feedstocks to produce biodiesel.

In addition, the improvement and expansion project at our Geismar, Louisiana, renewable diesel facility continues.

Started in 2021, the expansion is intended to raise the biorefinery’s annual capacity from 95 million gallons to approximately 348 million gallons.

CREG is working to help rail companies meet their lower carbon ambitions.

Union Pacific continues to test the performance of our 80% renewable diesel, 20% biodiesel blend.

They also use 100% bio based diesel in locomotives at the Colton, California, rail yard.

In 2022, the Canadian National Railway Company commenced a two year test to evaluate how our biodiesel and renewable diesel perform, especially in cold weather conditions.

To deliver strong performance and lifecycle carbon reduction, biodiesel could be blended with both petroleum diesel and renewable diesel.

For over 10 years, Restaurant Technologies has supplied feed stock to our facilities and now uses our renewable fuels in their own fleet.

With Iowa State University, we are evaluating new lower carbon feedstocks for production of renewable diesel.

Chevron’s Environment strategy underscores our commitment to protect the environment.

By embedding this into enter prise business planning, we aim to enhance environmental performance across the globe.

The strategy promotes systematic consideration of business risks and environmental performance alongside external stakeholder expectations.

The Environment strategy shapes enterprisewide processes and procedures to influence environ mental metrics, workforce training, technology investments and external partnerships.

Manage waste generation and waste stream circularity.

For Chevron, getting results the right way is important throughout the life of a project from planning and construction through operation and decommissioning.

We employ long standing risk management processes to evaluate facility, activity and product related risks across the lifecycle of the business.

Our Environment Risk Management Process helps business units identify and evaluate their environmental risks alongside safety risks and asset integrity.

Risks and safeguards identified through the process are integrated into individual business unit risk profiles and inform the Environment strategy.

We continue to build environmental fluency and competency within our broad workforce and strengthen coordination between our technical center and businesses.

To promote data quality and consistency, our environmental experts offer biannual training on reporting data for air and energy and for waste and water.

In 2022, we trained environmental risk assessors and launched a digital tool to evaluate risks across the enterprise.

This information is used to inform long term vision and business planning for the Environment strategy.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

As an avid surfer, I value protecting the environment.

At Chevron, I work to apply environment risk manage ment practices that contribute to the safety of our daily operations and the success of new projects.

The Environment Risk Management Process is designed to be fit for purpose so that it can be applied to activities with a broad range of complexity, including large projects and ongoing operations.

Chevron recently proposed the Kern River Eastridge carbon capture and storage project in the Kern River field, where Chevron has been operating for over 100 years.

When assessing projects, our process seeks to strengthen our safeguards and apply lessons learned across Chevron.

We bring together a variety of technical and business function experts with a broad range of view points.

Identifying environmental risks, across an asset lifecycle, guides selection and implementation of safeguards that can protect people and the environment.

I believe using the Environment Risk Management Process can help set projects on a strong path to success.

At Chevron, we aim to achieve results and enhance transparency by annually reporting environmental metrics and performance data.

In the 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report, we expanded reporting of freshwater metrics.

We shared data on fresh water withdrawn within water stressed areas as well as water intensity metrics for the upstream and refining sectors.

Throughout 2022, we have engaged upstream and refining operations to better understand environmental performance and develop insights into improvement opportunities.

We also continue to work to better understand non greenhouse gas air emissions and waste data.

Performance data may vary from year to year or across multiple years.

Variations may result from causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives.

The decreases identified below are primarily driven by expirations related to the Rokan concession in Indonesia and Erawan concession in Thailand, divestments, updates to calculation methodologies and flaring reductions.

It targets innovation along the full packaging value chain in categories such as lower carbon footprint feedstocks functional and smart materials design for reuse and recycle, collection, sorting, cleaning and recycling technologies digital and connected solutions and new business models.

To reduce waste and develop circularity opportunities, we seek to learn from industry peers and sustainability leaders.

Circularity opportunities include recycling, reusing or repurposing post use plastic.

We’re working to leverage partnerships to share best practices, drive innovation and develop industry standards.

In 2022, Chevron joined the Ipieca Circular Economy Task force, which aims to improve understanding of circularity in oil, gas and alternative energy industries.

We also joined the U.S. based National Lubricant Container Recycling Coalition, an industry led technical coalition focused on developing a national market sustaining program to drive the recovery and recycling of plastic packaging used to transport lubricants and related products for commercial and consumer use.

We are partnering on sustainability related initiatives through our joint venture companies, CPChem and GS Caltex.

Using KBR and Mura’s Hydro PRT (Hydrothermal Plastic Recycling Technology) process, GS Caltex is establishing a 50,000 ton year unit in South Korea to convert waste plastics into raw materials for conversion into new plastics.

Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (CPChem), a 50 50 joint venture between Chevron and Phillips 66, is a founding member of Cyclyx International, a consortium based feedstock management company with a mission to help increase the recycling rates of post use plastic from 10% to 90%.

In 2022, Cyclyx launched 10 to 90 Challenge, a consumer engagement effort to divert plastics from landfills and into the Cyclyx supply chain.

Cyclyx also signed an agreement to advance development of a plastic waste sorting and processing facility in Houston, Texas.

The facility aims to connect community recycling programs to new recycling technologies that have the potential to accept a wider variety of plastics.

Chevron targets innovation and transformational technology development through participation in external interdisciplinary, multi institution research programs designed to improve environmental performance.

As a member of Rice University’s Carbon Hub, a zero emissions research initiative, we are supporting research to explore the potential use of methane derived carbon for sequestration in soil.

Within NEWT, an engineering research center for nanotechnology water treatment also headquartered at Rice University, we are exploring efficient modular water treatment systems to facilitate access to clean water.

In 2022, Chevron Technology Ventures invested in a sustain able industrial innovation fund, by Emerald Technology Ventures, focused on sustainable packaging.

Biodiversity, or variation of living things from genetics to ecosystems, is essential to a healthy biosphere and human welfare.

The foods we eat, shelters we rely on and medicines we use are direct benefits of biodiversity.

We also benefit indirectly through natural functions such as pollination, climate regulation, water purification and nutrient cycling.

Chevron recognizes the importance of biodiversity and works with communities, universities, regulatory agencies, industry groups and conservation organizations to take action to help protect and enhance it.

We are creating a global geospatial database of our upstream onshore operations and have overlaid protected area data sets provided through the Proteus Partnership and the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool.

The combination allows us to screen operating sites and potential new projects against multiple biodiversity resources, such as the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Area Management Categories I IV, the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species and the World Database of Key Biodiversity Areas.

Screening of our 2022 portfolio identifies no upstream onshore operating sites in IUCN I IV areas, except for Barrow Island, Australia.

There, we have several decades of operating within an Australia designated Class A nature reserve (IUCN category Ia strict nature reserve).

Through the exclusion of invasive species on Barrow Island, our environmental stewardship has contributed to the conservation of rare and threatened species, such as the spectacled hare wallaby and golden bandicoot.

Our geospatial database helps us understand potential bio diversity impacts and benefits at the site level.

Screening is intended to strengthen risk assessments through our Environ ment Risk Management Process and quality decision making.

I grew up on a farm in Western Australia, which set me up well for a career in environmental rehabilitation.

With an interest in soils, nature and biodiversity, I gravitated toward studies in natural resource management, which led to my current position as a rehabilitation specialist for Chevron Australia.

I am currently focused on restoration and revegetation of 82.5 acres on Thevenard Island, Western Australia.

To help protect the area’s unique biodiversity, my team has been collecting and propagating 14 target species of indigenous seeds and cuttings from the island.

The island environment is predominantly coastal beach sand with low rainfall, so the chance for seeds to naturally germinate is compromised.

We spent time to understand the soil physics and chemistry of the rehabilitation area to identify a preferred planting method.

In a controlled nursery on the mainland, we give the vegetation a head start before transporting it back to the island for planting.

Fairy terns, a vulnerable bird species, are now roosting in the rehabilitation area.

It’s fantastic to see native species inhabiting the area and to know that I’m working on something for future generations.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

The Environment Risk Management Process incorporates Chevron’s Protective by Design concept, which underpins the mitigation hierarchy and is used when evaluating projects or design changes.

To protect biodiversity during planning stages, Chevron prioritizes preventive measures to avoid or reduce potential impacts.

Avoidance measures may include site selection, design and scheduling.

Reduction measures may include physical, operational and abatement controls.

Work plans eliminate routine activities on the beach during pupping season.

When work is unavoidable, we coordinate with the city and dedicate onsite wildlife monitors to reduce potential impacts to the seals.

Our personnel also undergo marine mammal training, specific to their responsibilities, to remain sensitive to the seals and the surrounding environment.

California harbor seal rookery protection In 2017, Chevron established the West Coast Decommission ing Program to complete the decommissioning of five oil plat forms and related facilities in federal waters off the central coast of California.

The Carpinteria Gas Plant pier provides shore based support to two of the platforms.

This pier is adjacent to an active harbor seal rookery.

Independent volunteers watch over the rookery year round, particularly during pupping season from December through May when the city of Carpinteria closes the beach to the public.

Working with the volunteers, we allow monitoring from an overlook on plant property.

Wherever possible, the West Coast Decommissioning team takes great care to avoid and reduce disturbances to the seals and their pups.

We are able to adjust pier lighting and reduce the public address system noise levels to reduce disturbances to the rookery.

Australia solar powered mobile lighting To reduce the potential effects of diesel powered mobile lighting towers on biodiversity, we began trials on four solar powered mobile lighting towers in 2020 at our Gorgon operations in Australia.

Solar powered lights remove or reduce many of the environmental impacts of diesel powered lights, such as noise, odors, vibration and carbon emissions.

The solar powered LED lights maintain wavelengths at 590 nanometers.

This is ideal for reducing impacts to turtle hatchlings and other nocturnal fauna, which tend to be less attracted to this wavelength.

Based on the success of the trials, Chevron has leased an additional 27 units, for use in Australia, and is evaluating wider use in our global efforts to monitor and prevent impacts to biodiversity.

Chevron may also implement remediative measures, such as restoration and offsets, that can help achieve a net positive impact on local biodiversity.

Restoration may include reestab lishment of habitat types, biodiversity or ecosystem services.

Offsets may include restoration offsets or averted loss offsets to compensate for biodiversity impacts.

New Mexico wetlands restoration Regulatory required remediation activities at the Questa Mine in New Mexico triggered the need to offset 2.74 acres of wetlands.

In consultation with stakeholders, Chevron elected to restore wet meadows and mountain fen, which is a high altitude peat forming wetland unique to the area.

Restoration in the Cabresto Creek watershed of New Mexico’s Sangre de Cristo Mountains began in 2019.

By 2021, we had restored approximately 6.7 acres of wetland habitat through the installation of corrective structures.

Site monitoring has confirmed a reduction in erosion and a rise in the water table.

Vegetation is responding to the hydrology improvements, and characteristic mountain fen and wet meadows plant species are returning.

Chevron is involved in a variety of projects designed to protect habitat and benefit sensitive species, which can help us achieve a net positive impact on biodiversity within certain regions.

Gnatcatcher habitat preservation For nearly a century, the West Coyote Hills property in Fullerton, California, operated as a 2,000 acre oil field until operations ceased in the early 1990s.

The property is one of the few large, contiguous tracts of natural lands south of the San Gabriel Mountains.

It is home to a variety of wildlife species and protected vegetation, including the California gnatcatcher, an endangered bird, and its habitat, the coastal sage scrub.

In 2021, we sold 24 acres to the city of Fullerton.

The sale allowed remediation of the site and a link to the Robert Ward Preserve, an area we had previously donated to the city.

Additionally, Chevron converted two miles of roads in the preserve to nature trails for public use.

Chevron is a member of the global not for profit oil and gas industry association, Ipieca.

We contribute technical expertise and participate in their Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services Work Group and task forces for Nature Positive, Nature Related Disclosure and Reporting and Nature Based Solutions.

In 2022, our technical experts supported the effort to update the Guide to Developing Biodiversity Action Plans and participated as one of Ipieca’s delegates in the 15th meeting of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 15) in Montreal, Canada.

Sociable lapwing conservation Our Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) joint venture continues to sponsor the Association for the Conservation of Biodiversity of Kazakhstan (ACBK) and their work on the Sociable Lapwing Conservation Project.

While this critically endangered migratory bird is not present in TCO’s operational area, it does breed in Kazakhstan.

This conservation project is an important biodiversity offset for TCO to achieve no net loss of terrestrial natural habitat.

In May 2022, the ACBK conservation team discovered the bird in locations where it had not been witnessed nesting for more than seven years.

The team was able to satellite tag, for the first time, an adult female bird in addition to 17 more birds.

ACBK will analyze migratory paths and identify where these individual birds spend their wintering time, which will support additional conservation programs, such as habitat protection.

We launched Chevron New Energies (CNE) to advance lower carbon solutions in our own businesses and to serve our customers’ lower carbon goals.

CNE is evaluating a variety of opportunities, including nature based solutions, which encompass actions that increase carbon sequestration through environmental conservation, restoration and improved land management practices.

We believe nature based solutions can potentially benefit biodiversity and communities while also helping us achieve our lower carbon ambitions.

Water is vital to our operations as we develop and supply energy to meet growing demand around the globe.

We aim to drive efficient and responsible water use, reuse, recycling and conservation.

Chevron recognizes that collaboration with the communities where we operate is fundamental to strengthening water stewardship.

Evaluate, implement and maintain safeguards designed to prevent or mitigate potential impacts to the environment, including water resources, and surrounding communities throughout the lifecycle of our assets.

Identify solutions to reduce water withdrawals for our operations, especially in high water stress areas.

Assess water treatment technology solutions to mitigate wastewater related impacts to the environment.

Measure the effectiveness of our management practices, drive accountability within our operations and communicate performance to stakeholders.

Build partnerships with stakeholders and participate in industry water resources initiatives to share best practices in water management and support the development of industry standards and related policy percentage of total fresh water withdrawn in stressed vs. non stressed areas in 2022.

We use the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool to map operated assets in water stressed areas.

In 2022, seven upstream facilities, one biorefinery, one oil refinery and one additives facility were located in areas of high or extremely high water stress, according to the WRI tool.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

To avoid using fresh water in a high water stress area, our business in Australia operates two onshore permanent sea water reverse osmosis desalination facilities with a combined maximum capacity of approximately 1.8 million cubic meters per year.

Throughout the commissioning and operation of these facilities, comprehensive effluent ecotoxicology analyses have been undertaken to reduce potential impact to the marine environment and protect biodiversity.

Our operations in Northeast Colorado conducted a pilot study on produced water recycling in late 2021, which led to the construction of a recycling facility catering to our shale and tight operations.

The facility started up in August 2022 and will run for slightly over two years, diverting almost all produced water flow for recycling and eventual reservoir reinjection.

The expected recycled volume is up to 17 million barrels throughout the facility’s lifetime, which translates to approximately a 12% reduction in freshwater volume usage.

Permian Basin operations continue to increase the use of recycled produced water to displace the use of fresh and nonfresh water for completions.

In 2022, 99% of water demands for well completions were met using brackish or recycled water.

By using nonfresh, brackish or recycled water, we help preserve fresh water in the Permian Basin, a drought prone area.

Aris Water Solutions provides produced water gathering and recycling services infrastructure in the Permian Basin.

Under our agreement with Aris Water Solutions, we will contribute to the development and piloting of an integrated system of technologies to treat produced water for potential reuse in applications outside of the oil field.

In 2003, I joined Chevron in my home country of Colombia and spent my first 14 years on multiple assign ments within the Latin America business unit and Chevron Technical Center.

Over the years, I gained fluency in environmental management topics, including risk based assessment of operations activities.

Now as a senior environmental engineer at Angola LNG (ALNG), my focus is to help local practitioners deploy OEMS processes, including the Environment Risk Management Process.

For example, we are using this risk based approach to help us prioritize critical actions to improve wastewater management.

Partnering with our waste and water team has been invaluable.

In 2019, the team guided us through an extended plantwide wastewater monitoring program to characterize risk and develop a risk profile.

During the COVID 19 pandemic, we developed a detailed water management plan for ALNG’s 2022 turnaround.

While working remotely, the technical experts in Houston collaborated with us to develop a day by day plan to successfully and safely manage water and process waste throughout the turnaround.

I am proud of my contributions to growing the capabil ities of others and am gratified to see the members of my team using their technical skills to provide effective wastewater management solutions.

Processing crude with a higher nitrogen content is challenging because wastewater with higher nitrogen loads can be harder to reliably and consistently treat.

To better manage these issues and achieve required treatment levels, the Pascagoula Refinery implemented a series of improvements.

Improvements included upgrading the bioreactors with a new bioreactor inlet and aeration system in 2021.

This infrastructure upgrade enables the refinery to process nitrogen rich crude and enhance environmental safeguards by improving wastewater treatment performance.

In 2022, Chevron participated in the New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium.

Through this engagement, we helped to advance scientific research and technology solutions for the treatment and fit for purpose reuse of oil and gas produced water.

We were involved in conducting a demonstration of treatment technologies, formulating risk and toxicology approaches, and evaluating potential economic impacts related to the beneficial reuse of produced water.

We also provided input to guide the development of state policies and regulations.

At Chevron, we seek opportunities to advance our water management acumen through our partnership in research consortia and industry participation.

In 2022, we piloted the Wastewater Impact Assessment Tool developed by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development at four U.S. refineries.

We also hosted a series of training sessions to improve our understanding of water footprint methodologies at site and product levels.

Photo: As COVID 19 restrictions lifted, we recognized the value of a hybrid work model for greater flexibility while enabling us to continue to build our culture.

Regrettably, we had five contractor fatalities and recorded 20 serious injuries in 2022.

Fatalities and injuries have a profound impact on our families, communities and company.

Protecting the health and safety of all those who work on our behalf is a core value.

Chevron is committed to preventing serious incidents and fatalities.

Enabling safe work To prevent serious injuries and fatalities (SIFs), we focus on the planning and execution of high risk activities.

We identify and initiate action plans at both the local and enterprise levels to engage front line leaders and workers and enable safe work.

Cross functional teams work to implement and scale our SIF prevention efforts.

Lessons learned are shared throughout the company and applied in our daily practices.

We believe the application of these practices and the execution of the Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) are key to the continuous improvement of our safety performance.

Chevron participated in an IOGP Safety Committee task force to understand the mechanisms that lead to serious injuries, referred to by IOGP as fatality and permanent impairment.

In November 2022, the committee published definitions and concepts to support consistent reporting and measurement of actual and potential serious injuries.

We believe the benchmarking data will help the industry further understand injury incidents and promote continued safety performance improvements through the provision of both lagging and leading metrics.

Maintaining contractor safety Our Contractor Operational Excellence Management (COEM) process establishes clear accountabilities, promotes active partnership and provides a consistent approach to help prevent SIFs.

Best practices and early adopter experiences are shared through our COEM Community of Practice.

In addition, a complementary digital application, eCOEM, enables Operational Excellence (OE) diligence during each phase of the contracting lifecycle.

Collaborating for safety improvement Chevron partnered with other international energy companies and the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) to host Safety Collaboration Forum 2022, Projects and Wells.

The forum assembled strategic contractor partner companies with capital project and wells expertise.

Agenda items included leadership’s influence on safety performance, proactive learning and Start Work Checks as a verification tool for front line worker SIF prevention.

After the sessions, attendees discussed how they can drive changes within their organizations.

This forum set a foundation for safety collaboration and emphasized improvement and human performance principles as a key to industry risk resiliency.

Embracing human performance Human and organizational performance (HOP) principles and concepts help mitigate the risk of human errors.

They encourage the workforce to capture and share innovations and key lessons learned from the field to accelerate continuous improvement.

In November 2022, Saudi Arabian Chevron conducted a two day SIF awareness and prevention workshop with industry peers and contractor companies.

The workshop introduced HOP principles, such as a verification and validation program and coaching front line workers performing high risk work or potential high consequence work.

The OEMS Workforce Safety and Health and Process Safety, Reliability and Integrity expectations enable consistency and standardization across the company.

Everyone in the workforce contributes to our Operational Excellence culture and performance.

For risk based assessment and prioritization of nonoperated joint ventures (NOJV), Chevron utilizes an NOJV health, safety and environment (HSE) process.

The associated tools and guidance apply consistency in the assessment of partners’ HSE capabilities.

Where practical, Chevron seconds employees to NOJV operations to partner and share best practices.

Chevron influences partners to: (1) eliminate fatalities, serious injuries and illnesses (2) eliminate high consequence process safety incidents and operate with industry leading reliability and (3) assess and manage significant environmental and social risks.

Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC, an NOJV partnership between Chevron and Brightmark Fund Holdings LLC, captures biomethane from dairy operations and updates it to renewable natural gas (RNG) used for transportation fuel.

To influence safe and reliable operations, the Environmental, Health, Safety Security (EHSS) committee, which includes members from both companies, reviews EHSS strategies, programs, compliance and performance.

Together we work to mitigate potential risks through effective collaboration and best practice sharing.

Consistent execution in operations Conduct of Operations (COO) encompasses the standards and practices used to structure operational practices and operations management tasks.

Through COO, we can influence the performance of work activities in a deliberate way, reducing variation in outcomes to improve safe, reliable and consistent operational performance.

We harmonized existing practices into an enterprisewide business improve ment network (BIN) to reinforce strong COO, enable effective input on new standards development and promote sharing of best practices.

COO BIN membership comprises operations specialists and process safety experts from across Chevron business units and technical functions.

Real time air modeling Part of being a good neighbor is being ready to act should an incident occur in a community where we operate.

To maintain our vigilance, Chevron systematically tests technologies designed to keep the public and our workforce safe.

The El Segundo Refinery piloted Industrial Scientific Corporation’s SAFER One solution, a plume dispersion modeling software that uses live meteorological and gas detection readings to update plume projections in real time.

Incident managers can assess the immediate downwind impact from a point of release to make decisions and deploy resources that reduce potential risk to personnel and the surrounding community.

Chemical management through technology Chevron manages over 1,500 chemicals in product formu lations as part of our Operational Excellence Product Stewardship process.

In 2022, we created more than 70,000 safety data sheets in 39 languages.

Digital dashboards prioritize the chemicals based on concentration in the product, region of distribution and hazard classification.

This provides our business units with the information needed to analyze how and where potentially hazardous chemicals exist in the value chain.

It also allows our business partners to make informed decisions about the chemicals they use.

Our annual Enterprise Health Index collects anonymized employee health measurements over eight different dimensions, including individual health and well being.

Overall scores increased as we returned to office locations and adopted hybrid schedules after the height of the COVID 19 pandemic.

However, individual well being scores have decreased in the stress management and work life balance areas.

The Chevron Way has enabled me to deliver results aligned with my own values.

After growing up in Trinidad, I completed undergraduate studies in London and postgraduate studies in California before joining Chevron as an environmental professional.

In the 20 years since, I’ve worked in many different countries across Chevron’s global business, including Indonesia, Australia and Kazakhstan.

These experiences have given me the ability to understand risk identification and management with different asset types, geographical settings and cultures.

In my current role, I support Chevron’s business development efforts.

When pursuing a potential acqui sition opportunity, I bring together a cross functional team that will conduct due diligence and evaluation from an OE risk perspective.

Our approach assesses all OE aspects health, safety, environment, reliability, process safety and stakeholder issues.

Our objective is to identify the risks so that we can develop safeguards and manage them responsibly as part of the integration into our operations.

Acquisitions and investments can present new opportu nities and risks.

The OEMS provides a systematic process to manage risk to people and the environment across all stages of the asset lifecycle.

Promoting workforce well being Chevron recognizes that mental, emotional and physical health is paramount to workforce well being.

Our aim is to have resources proactively and readily available to the entire workforce and their family members prior to an individual experiencing an elevated emotional strain or a diagnosis of a mental or physical health condition.

The meQuilibrium (meQ) app has been expanded to include employees’ adult dependents and made available in more languages, making a stress management resource more accessible to our global workforce and their families.

Chevron received the 2023 Platinum Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health by Mental Health America.

The Bell Seal is a first of its kind workplace mental health certification that recognizes employers who strive to create mentally healthy workplaces for their employees.

Our mental health campaign strategy focused on setting boundaries at home and the workplace to establish balance and expectations that may mitigate stress and burnout.

In 2022, many of our employee networks organized mental, emotional and physical well being events and highlighted work life services.

Our Women’s Employee Network focused on burnout, and our XYZ Employee Network highlighted the importance of emotional and physical well being.

To help reduce employees’ anxiety about returning to office locations, the Chevron Health Medical team addressed stigma and other emotional well being factors through masking and vaccination messaging.

The team also continued to provide COVID 19 testing and contact tracing services.

The ergonomics team conducted workstation evaluations for both in office and at home workspaces to address physical discomfort and satisfy corporate standards.

Health equity can be described as the state when every person can attain full health potential without being disadvantaged because of social and other factors.

Chevron Health Medical considers health equity when assessing workforce health strategies and in supporting prevention, education and treatment that may benefit the communities where we operate.

We believe programs that are accessible, affordable, prevention focused, and culturally and globally relevant can go a long way toward addressing equity issues.

Wellness Ambassadors created within our employee networks encourage health equity by partnering with Health Medical to provide targeted health awareness programming that is culturally adapted.

Inclusion as a driver of well being was a focus of Black Employee Network (BEN) panel discussions.

BEN raised awareness of mental health issues among people of color and provided a space to discuss topics related to emotional and mental well being.

Responding to uncertainty experienced by employees returning to office locations, our Hispanic and Latin American employee network (Somos) hosted emotional well being sessions.

Sessions addressed cultivating healthy boundaries at work and home, embracing change and similar topics.

Chevron recognizes that there are opportunities to foster health equity through programs in the communities where we operate.

For example, we are a decades long sponsor of the California Prevention Education Project (CAL PEP), a program that assists marginalized and underserved populations in the Oakland East Bay area.

CAL PEP connects community members to lifesaving resources, including infectious disease testing, vaccination, and mental health and wellness support.

Mobile units provide hot showers and hygiene and triage services to those without access to basic resources.

In addition to continued funding from the company, Chevron volunteers assembled and delivered over 2,500 personal hygiene kits in 2022.

With a grant from Chevron, the international nonprofit organization PATH is supporting Nigeria’s decision making processes for the potential phased introduction of a malaria vaccine.

Introduction would be through the National Primary Health Care Development Agency and the Nigeria Federal Ministry of Health.

We believe equity focused interventions with partnerships that support health systems can significantly improve public health outcomes.

Nigeria’s evidence based vaccine adoption processes and the country’s proposed plans to introduce the malaria vaccine to reach children in greatest need reflect this priority of Chevron and PATH.

Combating infectious disease Southeast Asia One Health University Network (SEAOHUN) universities are working together to develop the next generation of health professionals with the right set of skills and mindset to respond to infectious disease threats.

We are collaborating with SEAOHUN on a program called Strengthening One Health Education in Southeast Asia.

This program aims to improve public health literacy in children and lays the foundation for effective public responses to future infectious disease threats.

The program provides opportunities for Chevron to engage with an extensive network of national, regional and international One Health stakeholders in the areas where we operate.

Our Chairman’s Inclusion Council provides employee network presidents with a direct line of communication to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and the Enterprise Leadership Team.

The council allows executives and network presidents to collaborate and discuss how employee networks can reinforce Chevron’s values of diversity and inclusion.

Chevron invests in its workforce and culture, with the objective of engaging employees to develop their full potential to deliver energy solutions and enable human progress.

A compelling employee experience supports the pursuit of meaningful careers.

We promote resources for good health, well being and work life balance.

Our focus is on strengthening the attraction of future employees and retention and upskilling of our current employees.

We promote a culture of feedback within the workforce and develop leaders to sustain and strengthen our culture for the future.

Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well being and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and strategies.

Chevron regularly conducts employee surveys to assess the health of the company culture.

Our survey frequency enables us to better understand employee sentiment through out the year and gain insights into employee well being.

At Chevron, employee networks are voluntary groups of employees that come together based on shared identity or interests.

These networks seek to foster an inclusive and supportive work environment for all employees.

As employees’ needs change, we evolve to meet those changing needs.

In 2022, our Boomers Employee Network became the Stages Employee Network, recognizing the need to shift from a generation based network to one that spans the stages of an employee’s career.

In support of Chevron’s long term employment model, the network is dedicated to sharing knowledge and experience among employees as they transition through their careers and lives.

Chevron established an Equity Review Committee to review employee concerns with promotion or selections.

The committee, which includes external experts, will offer external perspectives on whether our promotion and selection processes are yielding equitable results.

I’ve been fortunate to have opportunities for global collaboration and leadership at Chevron since 2001, both in Pricing and through volunteering with Somos.

Somos is Chevron’s Latin American and Hispanic employee network.

As their Integration Officer, I’ve focused on driving communication and professional development among chapters since 2019.

Somos aims to help Chevron employees access equal career development opportunities.

To support this goal, in 2022 we piloted an early career mentoring program in Argentina, where motivated Chevron leaders and employees were matched to develop their organizational capability and build relationships.

Participants praised the program, commenting on the immediate value this mentorship provided for their current roles and near term career planning.

Our work with the Hispanic Outreach and Language Assimilation (HOLA) initiative, in collaboration with Chevron’s social investment efforts, supports community outreach and volunteering in the Hispanic communities where we operate.

One area we’re passionate about promoting is science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).

Somos members in Central America have volunteered with a nongovernmental organization to implement STEM programs.

In September 2022, we held our Global Somos employee network conference, which brought together Somos network leaders from across our business to meet in person and build leadership skills.

Within Somos we apply a Familia or one team approach to our work.

We believe collaboration across the enterprise helps us to achieve our full potential.

Chevron pursues the talent of underrepresented groups, including women and minority groups, through programs and partnerships.

This includes developing strong relationships with universities and diversity associations.

Our approach begins with our refreshed external careers website, including 21 country pages to highlight our diversity and inclusion efforts and attract multigenerational talent around the globe.

Our intern program serves Chevron’s early career talent pipeline.

In 2022, the internship program was hybrid, providing virtual and in person work opportunities.

Looking beyond traditional talent sourcing channels, such as specific schools and universities, we’ve collaborated regionally with Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.

This expansion allows us to attract underrepresented candidates from historically African American organizations.

Through these efforts we hired our first Corporate Compliance Law Function intern, who after their summer internship experience was offered and accepted a full time position.

Chevron’s University Partnerships team hosted Getting to Know Chevron virtual sessions for our partners from histor ically Black colleges and universities.

Over 2,200 students demonstrated interest in Chevron, and 215 attended sessions on energy transition, technology and Chevron’s Horizons early career development program.

In 2020, Chevron made a 15 million pledge to support the Black community in the United States to address barriers to equity.

Two years later, we continue our efforts to address racial barriers through community partnerships, education, job creation, and talent and leadership development.

Diversifying talent sourcing We continued our collaboration with the American Petroleum Institute (API) and Opportunity Work to focus on skills based hiring to broaden our reach and diversify our talent pipeline.

Launched in 2022, the API SkillsReady job readiness program is designed to attract and train entry level candidates and close industry skills and diversity gaps.

Graduates receive an API Certificate endorsing their knowledge of industry operations.

Our partnership with Opportunity Work also helps us identify and source people they refer to as STARs (Skilled Through Alternative Routes).

Rather than a bachelor’s degree, STARs obtain training through nontraditional paths such as community colleges, workforce training, certifications, military service or on the job learning.

Investing with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund As part of our racial equity strategy, we support the Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF).

Innovation Summit, which featured a two and a half day case competition that covered design thinking, business modeling and pitch instruction.

Winners received scholarships and met with Chevron executives and senior leaders.

For 2022 2023, one full time offer and three intern offers have been extended to summit participants.

Chevron Technology Ventures hosted panel sessions focused on careers and innovation in energy.

Chevron is working with TMCF on the National Black Talent.

BankTM program, designed for select students with technical degrees from historically Black colleges and universities and predominantly Black institutions.

Program participants complete technical training, upskilling and certifications that prepare them to enter the workforce in software and industrial engineering roles, including entry level roles with Chevron, post training.

Through external board appointments, Chevron contributes to diversity, equity and inclusion within our industry and the communities where we operate.

Our enterprise leaders serving on external boards in 2022 are listed here.

National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

Thurgood Marshall College Fund is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

United Negro College Fund is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

Opportunity Work is a U.S. based nonprofit organi zation.

Advancing our supplier diversity In 2022, our Supplier Diversity Governance Board endorsed new strategies to increase spending with diverse businesses.

We aim to diversify our supply chain by expanding our investment in technology and industry partnerships.

We are long standing partners and leading supporters of nonprofit organizations that have helped thousands of diverse businesses grow.

Our work with the API supplier diversity task force seeks to increase minority owned business participation in our sector.

Industry focused training and development provides an opportunity to improve the supply of capable, high capacity providers and increase demand for diverse suppliers from member companies.

Chevron is a member of the Greater Houston Partnership and its One Houston Together buyer’s cohort, dedicated to advancing racial equity and increasing spending on minority business enterprises.

Our Chief Procurement Officer (CPO), Steve Freeman, participates in the cohort’s supplier diversity workstream, CPO Convening, aimed at expanding collaboration and increasing minority business growth.

Racial equity audit In 2022, Chevron commissioned an external review of our racial equity and diversity and inclusion initiatives.

The resulting report recognizes our progress and offers recommendations for how we might continue to improve.

We believe in fostering leadership at every level, whether supervising a team or informally influencing peers.

Our development programs are designed to help people achieve their full potential, accelerate leadership capabilities, and cultivate a diverse and robust talent pipeline in an ever changing work environment.

Because Chevron believes in developing leaders at all levels, we introduced a new coaching program to reach deeper into the organization, including front line supervisors, managers and, more recently, individual contributors.

The BetterUp platform offers live, one on one coaching sessions and Coaching Circles with small groups of peers.

Since its launch in 2020, Chevron has provided coaching to over 2,900 supervisors, managers and individual contributors in 45 countries and 18 languages.

Chevron also offers multiple leadership development programs with a focus on self reflection, continuous learning and strategic networking.

Specifically for women, the Transformational Leadership for Multicultural Women Program addresses headwinds faced by multi cultural women in their leadership journeys.

The Global Women’s Leadership Development Program, now in its third year, promotes acceleration of women’s leadership development and experience.

Almost 100 women have participated in these two programs.

In 2022, nearly 135 employees participated in Asian American, Asia Pacific, Black, and Latino focused leadership programs that address topics unique to each demographic group and enhance leadership and other skill sets essential to success.

Through our four year agreement with The Executive Leadership Council (ELC), Chevron has sponsored leadership development training for over 135 Black employees, with more than 40 attending in 2022.

We’ve also partnered to develop the Chevron ELC Scholarship Program, a 675,000 multiyear investment where five rising sophomores in business or STEM majors receive 20,000 annually for three years.

One scholar from the 2021 group completed an IT internship in 2022 and accepted a second internship for 2023.

A second group of scholars was announced in October 2022.

To learn more, visit chevron.co diversityandinclusion.

We operationalize our commitment to respecting human rights by implementing processes, procedures and tools that enable us to identify and manage potential human rights impacts.

This includes guidance on conducting risk and impact assessments as well as engaging with suppliers, contractors and other business partners.

Within our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS), our Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Manage ment process continues to be the primary mechanism to put into action our respect for human rights in the communities where we operate.

Most Chevron business units undergo an OEMS audit every three to five years and conduct annual assurance activities.

Through our OEMS audit and assurance program, subject matter experts review the effectiveness of process and safeguard implementation.

Safeguards such as grievance mechanisms and plans for stakeholder engagement, issue management, emergency response and social investment are systematically reviewed alongside the other OEMS focus areas.

Where a business unit has a resettlement plan or engagement with Indigenous Peoples, these plans are also in scope for an audit.

Since 2021, stakeholder related safeguards have been formally audited across 18 business units and specific actions have been identified to continue improving their design, effectiveness and execution.

The OEMS Stakeholders Focus Area and Security Focus Area expectations state the desired outcomes to manage associated risks, of which human rights is a subset.

The Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process identifies and manages social, political and reputational risks to the company and addresses potential business impacts.

Chevron aims to collaborate with Indigenous Peoples and their communities to build trusting and mutually beneficial relationships in a way that respects their history, culture and customs.

In 2022, we reviewed our Indigenous Peoples Guidance and reaffirmed its alignment with The Chevron Way vision and values, Chevron’s Human Rights Policy, and our OEMS.

For the past 16 years, I have supported the implemen tation of Chevron’s social investment model for Indigenous communities.

In my capacity as a Strategic Advisor, I coordinated Chevron’s initiative to promote maternal and child health among the Indigenous Wayuu people in the La Guajira region of Colombia.

I also oversaw a plan aimed at spurring greater accep tance of COVID 19 vaccination among the Wayuus.

We partnered with Texas Children’s Hospital and the Baylor College of Medicine International Pediatric AIDS Initiative to assess the Wayuus’ health needs and develop a public private partnership to treat maternal and child health.

The program included training for bilingual nursing assistants, arranging transportation for vaccination campaigns in scattered areas and obtaining adequate supplies of the vaccine.

Maternal and infant mortality in the region continues to decline, COVID 19 vaccination coverage in La Guajira has risen from 0.52% to 71% of the Wayuu population, and more professionals have been trained to administer the vaccine.

I am proud of my role in helping to establish trust among the Wayuus and supporting their medical needs.

Chevron’s Indigenous Peoples Guidance provides an approach for effective engagement and its incorporation into Chevron’s Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process and social investment plans.

The guidance allows fit for purpose approaches to manage local Indigenous groups’ concerns.

Following the Australian Human Rights Commission Respect Work Report and a Western Australia parliamentary inquiry into sexual harassment in the resources industry, there has been an increasing focus on inappropriate behaviors in Australia workplaces.

Against this background, Chevron Australia commissioned a voluntary review of behaviors in its workplaces.

Addressing the prevalence of any form of bullying, harassment and discrimination.

Improving the response to reports of inappropriate behaviors.

Chevron Australia has accepted the recommendations and appointed a project manager, reporting directly to the Managing Director, to oversee implementation.

Chevron Australia has also held business unit wide Stand Up for Respect events to discuss the importance of everyone contributing to a workplace free from bullying, harassment and discrimination.

In 2022, we published our Environmental Justice Principles.

Since then, a cross functional team has worked to advance our environmental justice approach.

The team seeks to understand emerging environmental justice policy and related issues.

In addition, the team offers tailored support to business units, which are assessing local context around environmental justice to engage with communities, lawmakers and regulators.

Subject matter experts from our legislative and regulatory affairs and health, safety and environment functions continue to participate and engage externally.

For example, they engage with API’s Environmental Justice Coordination Team and state and local trade associations.

Our efforts to support our neighboring communities demonstrate our continued focus on environmental health and social performance.

A group of employees has been trained to serve as qualified environmental and social facilitators.

Facilitators aim to look across environmental, social and community health parameters to assess cross cutting impacts, promoting conversations that help us better understand how social and environmental issues are interconnected.

Through the Foundation for Partnership Initiatives in the Niger Delta (PIND), Chevron is helping to reduce conflict, promote peace, create new jobs and livelihood opportunities, enable access to clean energy, and stimulate the local eco nomy.

PIND facilitates investments from government, donors and private companies to advance socioeconomic development in the region.

As of 2021, the initiative had 11,372 active peace actors working to reduce conflict and facilitated 10,562 full time jobs in the agro allied and renewable energy sectors.

Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) operations are in the Niger Delta region, home to multiple ethnic groups and known to be conflict affected.

In 2003, a violent interethnic conflict resulted in significant damage to company infra structure.

To move forward, CNL pursued a new approach to stakeholder engagement, leading to a global memorandum of understanding (GMoU).

Clusters of ethnically similar communities organize into regional development committees that govern how CNL funding is allocated for the socioeconomic development of the area.

The GMoU model is based on accountability, transpar ency and unity among communities and demonstrable positive impact.

Since its adoption in 2005, the model has been acknowledged globally for addressing community restiveness and peace building, and facilitating rapid, sustain able socioeconomic development.

Nigeria’s Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) of 2021 requires allocation of a percentage of operating expenditure to host communities’ development trusts.

A key objective of the Act is to enhance peaceful and harmonious coexistence between companies and host communities.

Leading up to and after enactment of the law, CNL broadly communicated our experiences working under the GMoU model.

CNL shared the model with industry peers and the government.

I have always believed that education is the fundamental way to enhance people’s lives to teach them to catch fish for themselves.

In today’s world, that equates to teaching young girls they can master science, technol ogy, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects that will help them compete for job opportunities.

My main role has involved coordinating with the Corporate Affairs team on the logistics in Egypt.

In Egypt, engineering has too often been seen as a males only profession.

Chevron introduced a Girls Make program to teach STEM to young girls.

This program is not only about educating and inspiring the girls who participate, it’s also about changing mindsets to see daughters as innovators.

Our Corporate Affairs team in Houston initiated the program, which our company in Egypt supports in collaboration with the Egyptian government.

The selective program generated high interest and reached more than 150,000 individuals on social media.

I’m excited by how this program can help give girls the confidence and skills to progress in this competitive field.

Providing disaster relief Chevron provides aid to communities where we operate when they are impacted by natural disasters.

When Bangladesh was affected by severe flooding in late spring 2022, our support of Bangladeshi communities included funds for food relief and water purification.

After Hurricane Ian in Florida, we donated to the Volunteer Florida Foundation, Team Rubicon, the American Red Cross and the Fuel Relief Fund to assist in immediate relief and recovery.

Chevron also matched employee donations to Hurricane Ian relief and provided grants to nonprofit organizations where employees have volunteered.

In addition to our enterprise social investment programs, Chevron Humankind is a way for U.S. based employees and retirees to support causes they care about.

Partnering for maternal and pediatric care We are proud of our collaboration with the United Nations Population Fund to reduce maternal and neonatal mortality in Equatorial Guinea.

Workers at 23 health facilities have received reproductive health training focused on reducing maternal mortality.

Conserving coastal wetlands Chevron has teamed with Ducks Unlimited to help preserve over 45,000 acres of wetlands in Louisiana.

Many of the projects entail the construction of marsh terraces that will encourage the growth of aquatic vegetation, the food chain foundation for ducks, shorebirds, fish and other coastal wildlife.

Our investment aims to fortify communities and protect the livelihoods of residents in South Louisiana.

Contributing to nature based solutions In 2022, we continued our partnership with Conservation Volunteers Australia in the Revive our Wetlands campaign, which seeks to protect and restore wetland environments through targeted conservation.

Our sponsorship through 2024 will also finance community volunteer and education events, such as local wetland and biodiversity restoration.

Supporting young engineers Chevron partners with and donates to the Heznek for Practical Engineers program to benefit underprivileged students in Israel.

Aiming to advance workforce diversity and inclusion, the program has had more than 1,500 student participants to date.

We also support a school for practical engineers, known as the Chevron Ruppin Center for Energy and Natural Gas.

The program emphasizes careers in oil and gas, which helps complement the work of Heznek.

Most of Ruppin’s graduates go on to work in Israel’s energy industry, which needs certified practical engineers.

Developing community spaces Building relationships in the communities where we operate is at the core of Chevron’s values.

Through Tengizchevroil, our joint venture in Kazakhstan, and Eurasia Foundation of Central Asia, we sponsor the Public Spaces program.

The program helps municipalities develop and construct shared spaces, such as playgrounds, sports grounds and recreation areas.

Over 275 residents have participated with local governments in project development and management training with the aim to increase local partnerships.

In 2022, 65 public space projects were implemented, directly and indirectly benefiting more than 21,000 residents.

Chevron is funding the Asia Venture Philanthropy Network (AVPN), which brings together companies, investors and foundations to foster innovation and strengthen the nonprofit, social investment ecosystem in Asia.

Our contributions to AVPN pooled funds include support for health care in vulnerable communities and gender equity in STEM education for girls and women.

Assisting local schools Chevron’s willingness to help took on sudden urgency in August 2022 when schools near our Richmond Refinery were vandalized.

Over the summer, six schools were significantly damaged and lost valuable teaching supplies.

Through our longtime DonorsChoose partnership, Chevron quickly provided supplies to teachers in the school district to begin repairs and progress teacher requested projects ahead of the new school year.

To learn more, visit chevron.co creatingprosperity.

Photo: Throughout our history, Chevron has been a place where trust and respect define our culture and where performance, truth and accountability guide the way.

Our Board of Directors oversees and guides Chevron’s business and affairs.

As part of its responsibility, the Board oversees risk management policies, practices and systems that are applied throughout the company.

Board members regularly consider critical risk topics as part of their oversight responsibility.

Annually, through Chevron’s Enterprise Risk Management process, they review financial, operational, market, political and other risks inherent in our business and oversee the safeguards and mitigations that are put in place.

The Board also oversees Chevron’s strategic and business planning process.

The Board has four standing Committees, all composed entirely of independent Directors: Audit Board Nominating and Governance Management Compensation and Public Policy and Sustainability.

Each Committee fulfills important responsibilities to assist the Board’s oversight of risks with the goal of building long term shareholder value.

The Board and its four Committees also oversee related climate and sustainability issues.

Coming from various industries and backgrounds, our Board members bring diverse skills, experience and expertise.

Their range of knowledge and experience spans operational, environmental, policy, regulatory and geographical arenas.

New members are added, as appropriate, to ensure Board refreshment.

For example, Cynthia CJ Warner, formerly president and CEO of Renewable Energy Group, Inc., joined the Board in 2022 and brings depth of experience across both the traditional and renewable energy sectors.

The Executive Committee comprises corporate officers and is chartered by the Board of Directors to carry out policies in managing the company’s business.

The Executive Committee has two subcommittees, the Enterprise Leadership Team and the Global Issues Committee, that specialize in various matters important to the company, including strategy and climate and sustainability issues.

Chevron Corporation has many subsidiaries throughout the world.

Managing them properly requires a strong team within corporate governance that is well versed in governance requirements and internal policies, as well as the subsidiaries’ processes and histories.

I’m one of three liaisons who each supports a different region where Chevron subsidiaries operate.

Countries within regions have their own rules and regulations, and it can be challenging to determine how governance should function in each jurisdiction.

My role involves ensuring the proper governance of the subsidiaries and advising and coordinating with key internal stakeholders, such as Tax, Finance, Law and other departments.

We must have knowledge of the governance regulations in every jurisdiction in which Chevron does business and be able to collaborate with stakeholders.

I also help to implement the governance integration, reorganization and corporate structure of companies we acquire, most recently Noble Energy, Inc. and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. I’ve learned the importance of involving stakeholders early in the integration process so that we can continue to improve our best practices in this area.

I am fortunate to have colleagues and mentors who share their knowledge to help protect the company and shareholder value.

Assists the Board in overseeing accounting and financial reporting processes, including: Internal controls over financial reporting Relationship with independent auditor Implementation and effectiveness of compliance programs.

Financial risk management Cybersecurity risks as they relate to financial risk exposures.

Sustainability and climate change risks as they relate to financial risk exposures.

Assists the Board in overseeing governance practices and processes, including: Board succession planning Board skills, experiences and qualifications.

Stockholder engagement program (in conjunction with PPSC).

Assists the Board in overseeing compensation programs and practices, including: Executive retention and diversity strategies and supporting processes.

Alignment of compensation with stockholders’ interests, including those related to sustainability and climate change risks and opportunities.

Assists the Board in overseeing policy issues and potential risks in areas such as: Environmental matters, including those related to sustainability and climate change.

Community relations Political contributions and lobbying.

Chevron’s global reputation Stockholder engagement program (in conjunction with BNGC).

Manages the composition, resource allocation and strategic direction of Chevron’s portfolio in the following areas: Operational Excellence Performance improvement Energy transition Enterprise Risk Management process Market and price forecasts.

Receives briefings on these topics from internal subject matter experts and consults with outside experts to discuss energy transition and climate change issues.

Oversees management of sustainability issues and practices, including: Energy transition Lobbying and trade association activity ESG reporting Revenue and tax transparency Human capital management Human rights.

Receives regular updates on these issues from internal subject matter experts in advance of quarterly meetings.

Additionally, events may be handled via ad hoc, cross functional Crisis Management and Issue Management teams, which report regularly to members of the ELT, and if appropriate, provide updates to the Board.

Jon M. Huntsman Jr. previously served on Chevron’s Board from January 2014 to September 2017 but resigned to serve as U.S.

For purposes of calculating tenure going forward, we include only his current term.

It includes actions taken by managers and employees alike.

We contribute to the communities where we work and live by creating jobs, developing and sourcing from local suppliers, and giving back in the form of social investment partnerships and programs.

We pay taxes (chevron.co taxes) in jurisdictions around the world and comply with all appli cable tax laws.

We support the public finances of host countries by paying what we owe, in full and on time.

Over the past decade, Chevron reported on our financial statements over 58 billion of income taxes and over 43 billion of non income taxes, such as property taxes, severance taxes and payroll taxes.

Developed from The Chevron Way principles, our Business Conduct and Ethics Code (chevron.co code) communicates expectations for ethical business conduct.

The Code reinforces our compliance commitment and the responsibility of each employee to ensure that Chevron’s activities adhere to legal and policy requirements everywhere we operate.

Chevron maintains internal accounting, administrative and operational controls to manage these standards of conduct and compliance.

We communicate the Code to our business partners through our contractual requirements and through ongoing engagement.

Chevron employees and contractors receive training on Chevron’s Business Conduct and Ethics Code every two years.

For 2022, the enterprisewide completion rate was 97%.

Our compliance program addresses detailed compliance requirements on many important subjects, including anti corruption, internal controls, international trade, anti boycott, Operational Excellence (OE), data privacy and competition law.

For each subject, senior level Chevron leaders provide risk based guidance on the company’s compliance requirements and training.

We take pride that our employees are constantly mindful of the company’s stringent compliance requirements.

And in that spirit, Corporate Compliance issues a quarterly award celebrating meaningful efforts to do business the right way.

The Chevron Hotline operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week and is available for anonymous reporting in multiple languages if someone suspects that anyone in Chevron or at our affiliates has violated any company policy or local laws or has information on any activity that could damage the company’s reputation.

Chevron does not tolerate any form of retaliation for reports made in good faith.

Lobbying is an important way for Chevron to participate in the political process.

In the United States, Chevron engages with executive and legislative branches of federal, state and local governments to provide perspective on energy issues affecting the nation and the world.

Chevron strives to maintain positive, constructive relationships with policymakers and their staffs.

In our engagements, we talk about the economy, regulations, energy security, foreign policy, research and energy development.

Chevron also works with trade associations to advocate for effective, responsible and nonpartisan standards, regulations and energy policies.

We’ve updated Chevron’s lobbying and trade association webpage (chevron.co lobbyingandtrade) to be responsive to stakeholders’ increasing interest in how we engage with policymakers.

The webpage outlines our political engagement strategies our governance, policies, processes and training our five year history of corporate political and Chevron Employees Political Action Committee (CEPAC) contributions, including oversight of these activities by Chevron’s Executive Committee, the Board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee, and the CEPAC Board and disclosure details.

The webpage also includes links to all Chevron external reports representing the jurisdictions where we lobby and comprehensive trade association membership lists and disclosure of information, including semiannual updates of membership in U.S. based organizations and lobbying expenditure ranges for each organization.

Chevron’s reputation, integrity and trustworthiness as a company are the main reasons I have continued my career here for 37 years.

I have held various roles within Chevron, from operations to marketing.

My background in cross functional collaboration and business optimization and my childhood passion for politics inspired me to pursue my current role as a senior analyst for the Political Compliance team.

Transparency and accountability are important aspects of corporate political activity.

My colleagues and I are responsible for responding to increasing stakeholder interest in how we engage with policy makers.

On our lobbying and trade association webpage, Chevron provides extensive disclosure of our processes, tools and systems, which is intended to promote integrity and reflect good governance.

A recent example of our increasing transparency is the biannual publication of the range of lobbying expenditures attributed to Chevron’s contributions to each U.S. based trade association.

For the first time, Chevron was designated as a Trendsetter the highest recognition within the 2022 CPA Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability.

The index benchmarks U.S. com panies in the S P 500 and Russell 1000 for their disclosure and oversight of political spending.

I am grateful to be part of the team responsible for that recognition and to be surrounded by colleagues and leaders who embody The Chevron Way values.

Chevron holds memberships in industry and other associations that provide expert perspectives on safety, business, technical and industry best practices and a broad range of issues.

While Chevron does not control, and may not always agree with, positions taken by trade associations of which we are a member, trade associations provide a unique venue to engage other companies and industry experts.

American Fuel Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) AFPM represents high tech American manufacturers and midstream companies that enable the production and delivery of nearly all U.S. gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, home heating oil, critical petrochemicals and other refined products.

American Petroleum Institute (API) API represents all segments of the oil and gas industry in the U.S.

Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) OGCI is a CEO led initiative that is aiming to accelerate the oil and gas industry’s response to climate change.

U.S. Chamber of Commerce (U.S. Chamber) The U.S. Chamber develops and imple ments policy on major issues affecting U.S. busi nesses of all sizes across many sectors of the economy.

Chevron engages with AFPM to encourage support of our climate principles and positions, such as an economywide carbon price and innovative breakthrough technologies.

Our past engagements with AFPM helped create a Carbon Steering Committee in 2020.

In addition, the engagements encouraged AFPM from historic opposition to carbon pricing to evaluating proposals on a case by case basis.

Chevron engages with API to support the development of climate policies that advance market based approaches and innovation to support the goals of the Paris Agreement.

API supports economywide carbon pricing, World Trade Organization compliant mechanisms to mitigate carbon leakage and well designed performance based methane regulations on new and existing sources.

API also supports policies and laws advancing research, development and deployment of critical early stage technologies, such as the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act related to clean hydrogen and carbon capture.

Chevron joined OGCI in 2018 and pledged 100 million to the 1 billion OGCI Climate Investments fund, which invests in technologies to reduce GHG emissions within the oil and gas value chain.

OGCI member companies support the aims of the Paris Agreement.

OGCI engages in policy supported activities and contributes to the conversation on climate change.

Chevron and other members reduced the group’s aggregate absolute upstream methane emissions by 40% and aggregate upstream carbon emissions (Scope 1) by 18% over the past five years.

We also work closely with OGCI members to promote the development of carbon capture, utilization and storage industrial hubs.

Chevron works with the U.S. Chamber to encourage support for market based approaches to climate policy, innovative breakthrough technologies and streamlined, efficient regulations.

For example, the U.S. Chamber has long advocated for policies and laws providing for greater federal support of technology and innovation, such as the 2021 U.S.

Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 U.S. Inflation Reduction Act.

Similarly, the U.S. Chamber’s long standing support for phasing down the use of hydrofluorocarbons, an especially potent greenhouse gas, helped secure bipartisan U.S. Senate ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol in 2022.

Complement and reinforce rather than hinder market efficiency.

Utilize a price on carbon as the primary policy tool.

Recognize and account for negative emissions technologies and offsets.

Support early stage pre commercial activity and research and development for breakthrough technologies oversight.

Chevron has both executive management and Board oversight of our lobbying and trade association activities.

Chevron’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of the Board is the Committee primarily responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing climate and lobbying policy and reporting, as well as Chevron’s response to stockholder concerns regarding such activities.

The Committee annually reviews the policies, procedures and expenditures related to the company’s political contributions and lobbying to assess the value of these activities and alignment with Chevron’s positions and interests, including those related to climate.

At the management level, oversight of climate policy and lobbying is done through the Global Issues Committee (GIC).

Chevron’s Corporate Officer responsible for climate change issues is a member of the GIC and serves as the secretary of the PPSC, enabling efficient sharing of information and guidance.

A vulnerability is an exploitable weakness in a system or device.

At Chevron, we seek to preemptively remove vulnerabilities before they have a chance to become a threat.

We create automated threat intelligence feeds from security experts to increase vulnerability awareness, taking action to mitigate the highest risks.

Our cyber risk organization schedules weekly meetings with business units to raise vulnerability risk awareness and keep diverse cybersecurity skill sets connected across the enterprise.

Each day that goes by without patching a vulnerability leaves a system or device exposed and increases the risk of exploitation.

For mobile devices, we enforce iOS upgrades while protecting communication channels, tailoring mobile security to enable business with little impact.

We leverage market intelligence as well as internal and external expertise to monitor operating systems and third party software.

We complete security scanning of acquisitions, like Renewable Energy Group, Inc., before bringing them into our technology environment.

Our Business Continuity Planning Operational Excellence (OE) Process, a component of the enterprise OE Management System (OEMS), prepares Chevron to continue operations during an unplanned event or disruption, which aligns with our OE objective to prevent high consequence security and cybersecurity incidents.

To maintain continuity of critical business processes in the event a cybersecurity incident results in significant loss of IT systems, our Business Continuity Plans account for cyber conditions.

We work to identify critical business processes and dependent IT applications and document the processes for continuing operations without IT systems.

Cross functional teams conduct regular multidisciplinary exercises to test and continually improve our plans.

For example, in 2022, over 100 employees and senior leaders from varying disciplines and locations participated in an exercise to test and experience the impact of a large scale outage.

Cybersecurity guardrails are high level technology, secure by design rules built into digital solutions.

Their use at Chevron aligns with our imperative to Secure Our Digital Future.

In 2022, we began updating our cybersecurity guardrails by migrating from a highly customized in house technology environment to a more flexible cloud based solution, Modern Desktop.

It is largely an off the shelf software as a service solution that takes advantage of contemporary, standardized industry products with built in security.

This approach allows for better integrations, scalability within our organization, and collaboration with business partners and industry peers.

Data privacy is a set of rules that promotes the processing of personal data in a way that protects individuals’ rights and freedoms and that follows all applicable regulatory requirements.

The OEMS Security Focus Area expectations enable consistency and standardization across the enterprise.

Security Management seeks to proactively identify security risks, develop personnel and sustainable programs to mitigate those risks and continually evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts.

Sound privacy practices promote trust and integrity.

We promote privacy by design and by default, which reduces privacy risks in systems, technologies, applications and business processes.

Chevron aims to be a destination for top IT talent by providing superior career opportunities.

Our focus on cultivating IT talent includes recruitment and retention strategies that seek a diverse mix of employees by targeting experienced, university and intern talent.

We actively recruit from seven historically Black colleges and universities, nine Hispanic serving institutions, and several minority engineering and computer science organizations.

In 2022, we recruited from our Welcome Back Returnship.

Program, which supports and develops experienced professionals reentering the workforce following a career break.

Several offers for IT positions were extended and accepted.

Our Neurodiversity Hiring Program, an intern to hire program targeting neurodiverse talent, was expanded in 2022 and seeks to fill more than 11 IT positions across the United States, Buenos Aires and Manila.

Our Cyber Talent Management team has developed detailed training activities and career mapping to support recruitment and retention strategies.

Competency development activities help build top tier talent with the technical, professional and leadership skills required to meet enterprise business objectives.

Chevron supports the advancement of women into cybersecurity and cyber risk roles.

We encourage participation in communities like the Executive Women’s Forum (EWF), whose mission is to engage, develop and advance all women in the information security, IT risk management and privacy industries through education, leadership development and relationship building.

We believe the EWF’s cross company mentoring and lessons sharing can benefit Chevron’s members, who in turn can inspire and empower women in our workforce to achieve leadership positions in cybersecurity.

The big question my team confronts every day is, How do we best protect Chevron In Cybersecurity Forensics, our areas of involvement include investigations, e discovery, data recovery and divestitures.

To help speed up investigations and make us more cost efficient, we’re working on automation and conducting training to ensure our knowledge and capabilities are sharp and continually improving.

Being proactive also means staying abreast of the global trends and standards applied by the digital forensics and investigative community around the world.

That’s why I’m part of an external scientific working group that shares the best tools and practices for our community and a member of a multidisciplinary sensitive investigation group within Chevron.

As Chevron’s forensics operations lead, I draw on my prior experience specializing in cyber related criminal investigations and digital forensic examinations for the U.S. government.

I conduct investigations into cyber incidents to determine whether there could be an impact to Chevron.

A colleague and I started an internal video podcast originally to share our knowledge and experience within the Cybersecurity function.

Recently, one of our podcasts was published on Chevron Workplace, the company’s internal social media, to promote available career pathways.

I absolutely love what I do and encourage people to pursue a career in cybersecurity.

Our career development maps cultivate engaged and motivated IT employees and provide opportunities to grow professionally and personally throughout their career.

We are proud to note that three members of our Data Privacy team were selected as Fellows of Information Privacy by the International Association of Privacy Professionals.

This designation will help support employee mentorship and keep Chevron aligned with software industry protocols and standards.

A wind turbine at our renewable fuel facility reduced carbon electricity emissions by 94% between 2021 and 2022.

Chevron is working with peers, stakeholders and voluntary framework developers to foster increasingly consistent and comparable information for investors and other stakeholders.

We consider reporting guidelines, indicators and terminology in the frameworks of Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force for Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil Gas Industry (2020) by Ipieca, the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) and the American Petroleum Institute (API), as well as other reporting frame works, to determine which data to include in our tables.

The data tables within this section compile sustainability related metrics in alignment with several reporting standards.

The tables present our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and other operated basis metrics for environmental performance, employee and supplier diversity, and workforce health and safety.

Following the quantitative metrics are qualitative metrics and links to other Chevron reports.

To promote comparability, we map our reporting data to the relevant SASB and Ipieca frameworks to help provide information for investors and other stakeholders.

The table below tracks annual progress toward our 2028 GHG emissions intensity targets.

Unless otherwise noted, this section reflects 2022 data collected as of April 11, 2023.

All data are reported on an operated basis unless otherwise noted.

Data from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. are included in this section unless otherwise noted.

Operated GHG emissions, environmental performance, and workforce health and safety tables include data from Tengizchevroil LLP and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait (SAPZ).

Although Chevron has traditionally included Tengizchevroil LLP data as if operated in this report, Chevron does not own a controlling interest in, does not operate and does not have the authority to force implementation of Chevron management systems within Tengizchevroil LLP.

Tengizchevroil LLP is a separate legal entity operated under the direction of a partnership council that Chevron does not control.

Inclusion of SAPZ data within the operational data is a reflection of alignment to OE reporting and not reflective of the underlying legal structure or governance practices.

All restatements are restated against the May 2022 release of the Corporate Sustainability Report (2021).

Variations year on year or across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives.

Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

The accuracy of the information we report is important to us.

We conduct independent third party assurance for Chevron’s GHG emissions and the processes used to create the 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

For our most recent ESG assurance statement, visit chevron.co ESGassurance.

In our 2022 reporting, we’re proud to announce that we have increased the assurance level for GHG emissions from limited to reasonable.

As of March 24, 2023, Chevron is the first oil and gas major to report achievement of reasonable assurance of its GHG emissions from both operated and nonoperated assets.

The scope of the assurance for 2022, the year for which this new reasonable assurance milestone was achieved, is on both an equity share and operational control basis, and excludes Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. For our most recent GHG assurance statements, visit chevron.co GHGassurance.

We have also obtained verification that our environmental and safety management system, Operational Excellence Manage ment System (OEMS), meets international standards and specifications and has obtained a Certificate of Approval for alignment with ISO 14001:2015 and 45001:2018.

For our most recent certificate, visit chevron.co oemsISOcertification.

We are continuing to progress our internal systems to further advance data quality and metric reporting.

Compared to BP, ConocoPhillips, Eni, ExxonMobil, Shell and TotalEnergies.

This report of Chevron Corporation contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition plans that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy related industries.

Words or phrases such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, targets, advances, commits, designs, drives, aims, forecasts, projects, believes, approaches, seeks, schedules, estimates, positions, pursues, progress, may, can, could, should, will, budgets, outlook, trends, guidance, focus, on track, goals, objectives, strategies, opportunities, poised, potential, ambitions, aspires and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward looking statements.

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control and are difficult to predict.

Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward looking statements.

The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report.

Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social, governance and other sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of future regulations.

Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural gas prices and demand for the company’s products, and production curtailments due to market conditions crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing countries technological advancements changes to government policies in the countries in which the company operates public health crises, such as pandemics (including coronavirus COVID 19 ) and epidemics, and any related government policies and actions disruptions in the company’s global supply chain, including supply chain constraints and escalation of the cost of goods and services changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which the company operates general domestic and international economic and political conditions, including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the global response to such conflict changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins actions of competitors or regulators timing of exploration expenses timing of crude oil liftings the competitiveness of alternate energy sources or product substitutes development of large carbon capture and offset markets the results of operations and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates, particularly during the COVID 19 pandemic the inability or failure of the company’s joint venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities the potential failure to achieve expected net production from existing and future crude oil and natural gas development projects potential delays in the development, construction or start up of planned projects the potential disruption or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human causes beyond the company’s control the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation significant operational, investment or product changes undertaken or required by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emissions the potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation the company’s future acquisitions or dispositions of assets or shares or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing conditions the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments government mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, taxes and tax audits, tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms, or restrictions on scope of company operations foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar higher inflation and related impacts material reductions in corporate liquidity and access to debt markets the receipt of required Board authorizations to implement capital allocation strategies, including future stock repurchase programs and dividend payments the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting principles promulgated by rule setting bodies the company’s ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy industry and the factors set forth under the heading Risk Factors on pages 20 through 26 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in this report could also have material adverse effects on forward looking statements.

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) all GHGs (million tonnes CO e), cont.

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

Executives and senior managers: ethnic minorities (%), cont.

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

Discuss the company’s GHG emissions strategy, performance and capital allocation related to addressing GHG emissions, including methane and flaring.

Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites.

Describe strategies and policies for preventing accidental releases of hydrocarbons and other materials to the environment.

Describe the company’s approach to health and safety for employees and contractors, transport safety, and systems to incorporate a culture of safety throughout the company.

Discussion of the company’s human rights policy, engagement processes, due diligence practices, remedy mechanisms and supplier communications, with respect to human rights, Indigenous rights and security.

Describe policies, programs and procedures related to human capital management and to promoting diversity, inclusion and nondiscrimination.

Describe the company’s social investment strategies, programs, community and stakeholder grievance mechanisms, and policies for addressing nonretaliation and nondiscrimination when regarding grievances.

Discussion of the company’s purpose, governance policies, the Board of Directors’ oversight of ESG issues, and how ESG risks and opportunities are identified and assessed.

Description of the company’s Code of Conduct, values, principles, and anti corruption and bribery policies for the company and its suppliers, and processes for reporting unethical or unlawful behavior.

Description of the company’s approach to advocacy and lobbying, political contributions reporting, and discussion of positions related to ESG issues.

Description of the company’s approach to managing cybersecurity issues.

Reductions may occur due to Chevron’s current practice of reporting offsets in the calendar year in which they were retired.

For reporting, Chevron may include indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 definition such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third party custody transfer of the oil or gas product.

Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions to align with Ipieca’s Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil Gas Industry (2020).

Chevron’s Scope 1 includes emissions of six Kyoto GHGs carbon dioxide (CO ), methane (CH ), nitrous oxide (N O), sulfur hexafluoride, perfluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons, as well as nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).

Given the common industry practice of using the AR4 100 year GWP, we have assumed that nonoperated assets that did not provide methane mass data use a 100 year GWP of 25.

We continue to work with our joint venture partners to provide information on a standardized basis to increase transparency.

Chemical and base oil facilities located within refineries are included in refinery emissions.

Environmental Management and Real Estate Company, energy management and power from Chevron Pipeline and Power, and the North American Data Center.

Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions for each segment.

CO , CH and N O are accounted for in Chevron’s Scope 2 emissions.

Scope 2 emissions are accounted for using the market based approach as described in the World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015), including calculating Scope 2 emissions net of contractual instruments such as renewable energy credits (RECs).

Emissions are based on aggregate production, throughput and sales numbers that include renewable fuels.

Figures in assurance statements may vary from figures reported in each subsequent Corporate Sustainability Report due to restatements and assurance scope.

Reported Scope 2 emissions are net of contractual instruments such as RECs.

For programs with multiyear compliance periods, offsets are reported in the calendar year they are retired.

Chevron’s MEI includes the refining assets at Chevron’s operated and nonoperated joint venture refineries.

Energy Consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

Chevron’s chemicals and additives, products and services, and lubricants businesses.

It reflects the energy required to produce Chevron’s products compared with the energy that would have been required to produce the same products in 1992 (the index’s base year).

Energy Consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

SOX emissions include SO and SO3, reported as SO equivalent.

NOX emissions include NO and NO (reported as NO equivalent) and exclude N O.

If no local definition exists, fresh water is defined as water extracted, directly or indirectly, from surface water, groundwater or rainwater that has a total dissolved solids concentration of less than or equal to 2,000 mg L. Fresh water withdrawn does not include effluent or recycled reclaimed water from municipal or other industrial wastewater treatment systems, as this water is reported under nonfresh water withdrawn.

Nonfresh water withdrawn could include: seawater brackish groundwater or surface water reclaimed wastewater from another municipal or industrial facility desalinated water or remediated groundwater used for industrial purposes.

Produced water is excluded from fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed and nonfresh water withdrawn.

Water quantities may be determined using direct measurement techniques or engineering estimation methods.

Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Two or More Races).

For year 2021, data collected as of February 7, 2022.

For year 2020, data collected as of February 24, 2021.

For year 2019, data collected as of January 23, 2020.

For years 2017 2018, data collected as of February 20, 2019.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in supply chain metrics.

Health and safety performance rates include both injury and illness related incidents.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in workforce health and safety metrics.

This includes purchased crudes for crude units and third party feeds for other processing units.

Baseline water stress measures the ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater supplies.

Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, irrigation and livestock consumptive and nonconsumptive uses.

Available renewable water supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive water users and large dams on downstream water availability.

Higher values indicate more competition among users.

Chevron’s fresh water withdrawn and consumed in high and extremely high water stress areas excludes Chevron’s Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company.

Freshwater withdrawals for the Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company are minimal (1% of the total) compared with the overall use in the corporation.

For purposes of this reporting, Chevron categorizes all of the water withdrawn and consumed by Chevron’s Mid Continent business unit as being in a high stress or extremely high stress region.

Chevron reports the total cumulative amount of oil discharged to surface water excluding spills, which are reported separately.

Spills to land and water that are greater than or equal to one barrel are included.

Spills to secondary containment, chemical spills and spills due to sabotage are excluded.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in accidental release prevention and response metrics.

Hazardous waste amounts are quantified using methods required or recommended by regulatory agencies or authorities, where applicable.

In other instances, similar methods are used, including direct measurement onsite or at the point of shipping, engineering estimates and process knowledge.

Chevron follows the regulatory definitions of hazardous waste applicable to the jurisdictions in which we operate, including de minimis specifications (below which hazardous waste quantities do not need to be reported).

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in waste metrics.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in fines and settlements metrics.

We do not have sufficient information on gender identities other than men women to meet data thresholds for reporting.

Our most recently filed Federal Employer Information Report EEO 1 is available for download at chevron.com eeo 1.

EEO 1 EEOC counts differ slightly from those in the Global Employee Diversity table due to differences in methodologies.

These data may not include a small number of employees from recent acquisitions.

Introduction: The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology is designed to facilitate carbon intensity accounting of a company’s portfolio.

It uses a representative value chain that includes emissions associated with bringing products to market, including the Scope 3 emissions from their use.

The PCI methodology facilitates transpar ency in calculations and data with information taken from financial statements and emissions disclosures.

This approach enables comparison of companies that may participate in different parts of the value chain and the use of real data.

Intent: The PCI methodology provides a framework for transparent and consistent comparisons of the mix of energy products provided by a company, inclusive of elements of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.

The methodology is broadly applicable to oil and gas companies involved in exploration and production, refining, or marketing activities.

PCI definition: Estimated energy weighted average GHG emissions intensity from a simplified value chain from the production, refine ment, distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered.

Units: Grams of carbon dioxide equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule of energy delivered (g CO2e MJ) on a higher heating value basis to align with prior frameworks on gas value chain emissions and with heating values commonly used in commercial contracts.

Scope: The PCI is calculated on an annual basis as the weighted average GHG intensity of energy delivered across gas, natural gas liquid (NGL), oil, biofuel, hydrogen and lower carbon power products.

Carbon removals are deducted from total lifecycle emissions estimates.

Several prior product intensity frameworks have used lower heating value for intensity calculations.

Gas: piped gas, LNG and third party traded volumes.

Natural gas liquids: NGLs from upstream, refining and third party traded volumes.

Oil: crude oil, refined products (gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, fuel oil and other petroleum products) and third party traded volumes.

Biofuels: ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel, sustainable aviation fuel and renewable natural gas.

Hydrogen: gray hydrogen, blue hydrogen and green hydrogen that are externally marketed.

Lower carbon power: external sales of wind, solar and geo thermal power.

Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) removes CO2 either directly from the atmosphere or from streams that would be released to the atmosphere.

It does not include CO2 produced from naturally occurring reservoirs that is used for enhanced oil recovery.

High integrity offsets include nature based solutions.

For traditional hydrocarbon products (gas, NGL and oil), marketed volumes are based on the business segment (production, refined products or marketing) with the largest overall commodity volume, inclusive of all traded volumes.

Chemicals and other business lines that do not primarily supply energy products are excluded from this calculation.

Traditional hydrocarbon products: The intent of the frame work is to capture value chain emissions associated with the maximum hydrocarbon product volume for a company among its production, refining and marketing activities.

For all products that a company produces or refines, the PCI methodology uses the company’s equity GHG emissions and corresponding GHG intensity.

To estimate the emissions for marketed products that the company does not produce or refine, the PCI methodology uses industry average segment factors from the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook.

Hydrocarbon transporta tion emissions are estimated in the PCI using IEA World Energy Outlook estimates for transportation emissions from oil and gas.

Emissions associated with end use of marketed products are based on industry standard combustion factors and assume all sold energy products are combusted, although this is not the case (e.g., plastics and lubricants).

The graphic below is a depic tion of the value chain approach for the refined product value chain.

Biofuels, hydrogen and lower carbon power: GHG emissions are calculated based on third party lifecycle assessments and the energy provided by Chevron in the most recent year.

Lifecycle assessment data sources include California Air Resources Board (CARB) Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities for similar feedstocks and pathways, a Hydrogen Council report on a lifecycle assessment for hydrogen pathways, and harmonized lifecycle assessments of electricity generation from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Working Group 1.

Inputs are collected from financial disclosures and public GHG reporting, with the exception of the biofuels component.

Biofuel volumes are based on purchase data for ethanol, renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and biodiesel and production volumes for renewable natural gas in the United States, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Australia.

Volumes from international GS Caltex operations in South Korea are assumed to be zero.

For 2016 2022, aggregate biofuel volumes used in the PCI calculation are 60,000, 61,000, 62,000, 68,000, 61,000, 70,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, respectively.

Biofuel carbon intensity values are based on CARB LCFS default pathway values.

For 2016 2022, the weighted average biofuel carbon intensity values used in the PCI calculation were 52, 52, 51, 50, 48, 47 and 38 grams carbon dioxide equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule, respectively.

CCUS: Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS represent the volume of emissions that would be permanently sequestered underground or utilized in other products with a deduction for supply chain emissions associated with capture, transport or storage.

CCUS projects that reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions would reduce the production, refining or other sectoral intensity and would not be double counted as removals for example, CO captured by an integrated CCS plant would already be accounted for in the facility’s Scope 1 emissions intensity.

Offsets: Offsets that are retired by the company or on behalf of customers for use of product provided by the company are deducted from the total emissions in the metric.

The model does not adjust for the energy efficiency gains associated with some applications of electricity and hydrogen relative to existing hydrocarbon infrastructure.

For example, CARB estimates that energy provided as electricity to an electric vehicle is 3.4 times more efficient than energy provided by gasoline to an internal combustion engine.

Model updates could be made in the future, if supported by the end use of electricity or hydrogen products.

Improvements over time: Methodologies and emissions factors may be updated in future years to reflect additional information or data that become available.

For example, updates may include updated industry averages, primary data from third party producers refiners and adjustments to energy efficiency assumptions, if warranted, based on the end use applications for volumes of energy marketed by the company.

Percentages shown are based on data from IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, November 2018, iea.org reports world energy outlook 2018.

The emissions included in the metrics generally represent Chevron’s equity share of emissions from upstream, including LNG, which are emissions from operated and nonoperated joint venture assets based on Chevron’s financial interest.

For reporting, Chevron may include indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third party custody transfer of the oil or gas product.

For oil and gas production intensity metrics, production is aligned with net production values reported in the Chevron Corporation Supplement to the Annual Report, which represent the company’s equity share of total production after deducting both royalties paid to landowners and a government’s agreed upon share of production under a Production Sharing Agreement.

Chevron’s equity share emissions include emissions associated with these excluded royalty barrels in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance.

Also in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance, Chevron’s equity share emissions do not include emissions associated with royalty payments received by the company.

Allocation of emissions between oil and gas is based on the fraction of production represented by liquids or gas.

Flaring and methane intensities use the total of liquids and gas production.

Oil and gas production intensities use liquids production and natural gas production, respectively.

The refining carbon intensity (RCI) metric provides a measure of GHG released during the transformation of raw materials into refined products.

The RCI is throughput based and includes GHG emissions from Chevron’s own refining operations and estimates of emissions associated with third party processing of imported feedstocks such as hydrogen.

Emissions from third party processing of imported feedstocks are estimated using infor mation including supplier data, industry segment averages and engineering estimates.

Emissions included in the calculation represent refinery processing only and do not include terminals or chemical, additive, base oil and lubricant facilities not integrated into a refinery.

Feedstocks include hydrogen and intermediate products that will be further refined or used in conversion units.

Feedstocks do not include natural gas used as fuel or products intended solely for blend ing into finished products.

Feedstocks are assessed on a net basis (imports minus exports).

Emissions associated with the production of hydrogen can account for 25% of total refinery emissions, and more than half of the hydrogen used in U.S. refining is imported from a third party.

Where: (GHG Intensity)fossil fuel is the average intensity of displaced fossil fuel that is calculated in the PCI methodology, (GHG intensity)i is the simplified lifecycle GHG intensity of energy producti, (Energy)i is the energy of the marketed low carbon producti (e.g., biofuels, hydrogen), and (Net GHG removals)j is the net volume of GHG emissions stored.

Enabled emissions reductions are the estimated avoided emissions relative to fossil fuel use primarily associated with biofuels, hydrogen, CCUS and offsets that the company has marketed in the most recent calendar year, regardless of whether the company retained rights to the emissions reduction attributes.

Over time, new energy products may be added to the calcu lation, along with associated volume information.

Avoided emissions associated with natural gas fired power generation via co generation or coal fired power generation displacement are excluded from this calculation for purposes of simplicity.

For biofuels and hydrogen products, the enabled emissions reductions are calculated based on the lifecycle GHG savings relative to the same amount of energy provided by diesel fuel.

Where appropriate, energy efficiency factors are used to calculate the volumes of dis placed fossil fuels.

More details on emissions factors and calculation assumptions are available in the PCI methodology note (see pages 75 76).

Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS and offsets repre sent the volume of emissions that would be sequestered or utilized in other products.

GHG emissions associated with CCUS or offset value chains would be netted from the reductions associated with the activity.

Barrels of oil equivalent (boe) A unit of measure to quantify crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the same basis.

Natural gas volumes are converted to barrels on the basis of energy content.

Carbon intensity The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon dioxide equivalent (CO e) per unit of measure.

Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) is the process of capturing carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a feedstock (utilization) or permanently storing them in geological formations deep underground (storage).

Gas to liquids (GTL) A process that converts natural gas into high quality liquid transportation fuels and other products.

Hydrogen Chevron’s approach to hydrogen for new lower carbon businesses envisions the use of green, blue and gray hydrogen.

Chevron believes the use of blue and green hydrogen as a fuel source can help reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions entering the atmosphere.

While gray hydrogen is viewed as not directly supporting decarbonization of the energy sector, Chevron believes that early use cases of gray hydrogen can provide key opportunities to de risk technology, enable development of supporting infrastructure, including fueling stations, and contribute to learning.

Liquefied natural gas (LNG) Natural gas that is liquefied under extremely cold temperatures to facilitate storage or transportation in specially designed vessels.

Lower carbon energy includes a variety of existing and emerging energy solutions and services, including traditional energy sources linked with renewables or abatement technologies or measures, carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear.

Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas includes oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon based products that are produced and sold to customers with a carbon intensity below that of traditional oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon based products.

Nature based solutions, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), include afforestation and reforestation.

These involve the repurposing of land use by growing forests where there was none before (afforestation) or reestablishing a forest where there was one in the past (reforestation).

Other nature based solutions include restoration of coastal and marine habitats to ensure they continue to draw CO from the air.

Net positive impact Defined by Ipieca as a target for project outcomes in which the impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety of ecosystems and living things) caused by the project are outweighed by the actions taken to avoid and reduce such impacts, rehabilitate affected species landscapes and offset any residual impacts.

Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2) Chevron aspires to reach net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050.

Accomplishing this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable technology, government policy, successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature based projects, availability of cost effective, verifiable offsets in the global market, and granting of necessary permits by governing authorities.

Portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) represents the estimated energy weighted average greenhouse gas emissions intensity from a simplified value chain from the production, refinement, distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered.

American Petroleum Institute (API) Trade association representing all segments of the oil and gas industry in the United States.

International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) Global forum of oil and gas producers.

Ipieca Global not for profit oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition plans that are based on management’s current expec tations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy related industries.

These statements are not guarantees of future conduct, policy or performance and are subject to certain risks, uncer tainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control, including government regulation and oil and gas prices.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

This report covers our owned and operated businesses unless otherwise noted on pages 58, 73 74.

It does not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors and partners unless otherwise noted.

In the case of certain joint ventures for which Chevron is the operator, we exercise influence but not control.

Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy for those joint ventures are known to differ from those detailed in this report.

All financial infor mation is presented in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.

Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including the development, implementation or continuation of any program, policy or initiative discussed or forecasted in this report, may differ materially in the future.

As with any projections or estimates, actual results or numbers may vary.

The performance data in this report, including data showing certain intensity reductions against a baseline year, are not guarantees of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

Many of the standards and metrics used in preparing this report continue to evolve and are based on management assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation but should not be considered guarantees, and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of the data.

The statements of intention in this report speak only as of the date of this report.

Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any statements in this report.

Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social, governance, and other sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of future regulations.

This report contains information from third parties, such as the World Resources Institute and IEA.

Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to the third party information.

Where necessary, Chevron received permission to cite third party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties.

Where Chevron has used information, it has noted the source.

This report contains terms used by Ipieca and SASB, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report align with the recommendations of Ipieca and SASB.

In doing so, Chevron does not intend to endorse or adopt and is not endorsing or adopting these phrases or recommendations.

In using these terms and referencing the recommendations, Chevron is not obligating itself to use the terms in the way defined by Ipieca and SASB, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendations or to provide any specific disclosure.

Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to Ipieca or SASB’s use or definition of specific terms or recommendations.

This report contains trade names and trademarks of other companies.

The use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks does not imply our endorsement or sponsorship of, or a relationship with, these companies.

Photo credits Cover and first spread: Albatross Aerial Photography, Ltd. 12: Marc Marriott 14: Jim Erickson 7, 33: Steve Babuljak 47: Richard Schultz 57: Zero6 Energy, Inc. back cover: Steve Babujak and George Rosales not correspond to the concept of materiality used in the securities laws and disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

With respect to the term material, individual companies are best suited to determine which information is material under the long standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term, and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.

As used in this report, the term Chevron and such terms as the company, the corporation, our, its, we and us may refer to one or more of Chevron’s consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates or to all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include affiliates of Chevron i.e., those companies generally owned 50% or less.

All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.

Further, as used in this report, the term project may describe new upstream development activity, including phases in a multi phase development, maintenance activities, certain existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investment in emerging and lower carbon intensity activities and certain other activities.

All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term project as it relates to any specific government law or regulation.

In addition, for Chevron, lower carbon energy includes a variety of existing and emerging energy solutions and services, including traditional energy sources linked with renewables or abatement technologies or measures, carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear.

There are many paths the future could take, but a few things are certain: the global demand for energy continues to grow more affordable and reliable energy is needed current energy forms are becoming cleaner and new energy solutions are emerging.

Aligned with our Chevron Way value to protect people and the environment, we have printed this report on Forest Stewardship Council certified paper made with recycled Post Consumer waste.

Printed by Lithographix, Inc., whose rooftop solar panels are expected to offset the company’s energy demands by 30%.

Chevron Corporation 6001 Bollinger Canyon Road, San Ramon, CA 94583 2324 USA www.chevron.com 2023 Chevron Corporation.