On behalf of the 738,000 people of Accenture, I welcome you to our 360 Value Report for fiscal 2022.

Together with our online 360 Value Reporting Experience, this report brings to life how Accenture delivers 360 value to our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

As its name implies, 360 value encompasses the full value an organization can deliver not only its financial metrics, but also its progress toward its sustainability, talent, and inclusion and diversity goals and its ability to create meaningful experiences for its customers, employees and communities.

We create 360 value by helping the world’s leading businesses, governments and other organizations harness what we believe are the five key forces of change for the next decade: total enterprise reinvention talent sustainability the metaverse continuum and the ongoing technology revolution.

Together, we can continue to turn our growth drivers, our purpose, our core values and our culture of shared success.

As we pursue our company’s purpose to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity we work to continue our progress toward several ambitious goals, including reaching net zero emissions by the end of 2025 moving to zero waste achieving gender parity by 2025 increasing our race and ethnicity representation and, always, contributing to our communities.

Our human centric approach to 360 value is reflected in the dedication, commitment and boundless creativity and innovation of the incredible people of Accenture around the world.

Julie Sweet our stakeholders, and we are grateful for all that they do.

This approach will serve as our core annual reporting vehicle going forward.

Sustainability, Talent, Inclusion Diversity, Client, Experience, and Financial and offers a comprehensive view of our financial and environmental, social and governance (ESG) measures, and our goals, progress and performance for each.

Compact (UNGC) and our commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

Standards Board (SASB), the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and the World Economic Forum International Business Council (WEF IBC) metrics while continuing to align with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Ten Principles of the UNGC and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).

Diversity and Client (Accenture's Custom dimension is referred to as Client).

In alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement, we joined other leading companies and pledged to do our part to keep global warming below 1.5 Celsius.

Achieved 68% reduction in total emissions from our 2016 baseline, surpassing our 2025 target to reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 11%.

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduced by 91%, surpassing our goal of a 65% absolute reduction against our 2016 baseline.

Total emissions per unit of revenue reduced by 82%, surpassing our goal of reducing Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions per unit of revenue intensity by 40% against our 2016 baseline.

Achieved 97% renewable electricity toward our goal of 100% by the end of 2023.

Invested in nature based carbon removals expected to remove an estimated 13 million metric tons of carbon over the next 20 years to address remaining emissions.

Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Women now represent 47% of our workforce, closing the gap toward our goal to achieve gender parity for those whose gender is binary by 2025.

United Kingdom: Black colleagues represent 5.1% of our workforce and 12 of our managing directors, on the path to our goal to increase Black colleagues from 4% to 7% and more than double the number of our Black managing directors to 16 or more.

United States: African American and Black colleagues represent 12.1% of our workforce, achieving our goal to increase African American and Black colleagues from 9% to 12%, ahead of schedule.

African American and Black colleagues represent 4.2% of our managing directors, approaching our goal to increase managing directors from 2.8% to 4.4%.

Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues represent 11.1% of our workforce and 4.5% of our managing directors, on the path to our goal to increase Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues from 9.5% to 13% and managing directors from 3.5% to 4.7%.

South Africa: African Black colleagues represent 44.4% of our workforce.

We continue our journey to increase African Black colleagues from 45% to 68%.

Coloured colleagues represent 9.8% of our workforce, on our path to increase Coloured colleagues from 6% to 10%.

African Black, Coloured and Indian managing directors represent 55.5% of our managing directors, on the path to increasing African Black, Coloured and Indian managing directors from 39% to 70% with a focus on African Black and Coloured representation.

Data in goal statements is reflective of announcement date for the U.S., September 1, 2020, and for the U.K. and South Africa, October 1, 2020.

It includes our people who have self identified their race and ethnicity through our internal channels.

Black includes Black Black British colleagues who have self identified as being of African and Caribbean heritage or with dual heritage of White and Black African or White and Black Caribbean.

Coloured is a multiracial ethnic group native to Southern Africa who have ancestry from more than one of the various populations inhabiting the region, including Khoisan, Bantu, Afrikaner, Whites, Austronesian, East Asian or South Asian.

We believe every business must be a sustainable business, as customers, employees, partners, regulators and communities demand more progress and greater transparency.

In addition to advancing our own net zero emissions and other environmental goals, we help our clients embed sustainability across their businesses, and innovate with our people and partners to support communities in crisis, including providing aid and opportunities to refugees.

FY2022 Highlights 97% renewable electricity in our locations Our total carbon emissions decreased by 68% from our baseline 99% of our e waste relating to computers and workstations was reused or recycled 98% of our people completed Ethics Compliance training 1.6M people worldwide equipped with the skills to make substantive improvements to their lives.

Our goal is to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas.

Path to net zero we operate our business, and we hold ourselves accountable emissions by 11%.

In fiscal 2022, our total emissions to clear and measurable objectives.

Our ambitious reduced by 68% from our 2016 baseline, surpassing one environmental goals address climate, waste and water.

Since beginning our environmental journey in 2007, we have continually set challenging goals in alignment with climate science, but we cannot do it alone.

Our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduced by 91%, surpassing our goal of a 65% absolute reduction against our 2016 baseline.

Our total emissions per unit of revenue reduced by our suppliers and our partners to achieve a low carbon future.

Together, we can help to transform our global economy into a emissions per unit of revenue intensity by 40% from our more sustainable marketplace.

Our external commitments Our commitments to the leading standard setting bodies on climate issues provide external validation for our carbon targets and guide the continuing evolution of our environmental commitments to reflect the latest climate science.

Building on our long standing commitment to reduce our emissions and reflecting our progress and increased ambitions we are setting a new science based target aligned to 2030, with a base year of 2019.

This new target has been submitted to the Science Based Targets initiative for approval.

Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature.

In alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement, we joined other leading companies and pledged to do our part to keep global warming below 1.5 Celsius.

Achieved 68% reduction in total emissions from our 2016 baseline, surpassing our 2025 target to reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 11%.

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduced by 91%, surpassing our goal of a 65% absolute reduction against our 2016 baseline.

Total emissions per unit of revenue reduced by 82%, surpassing our goal of reducing Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions per unit of revenue intensity by 40% against our 2016 baseline.

Achieved 97% renewable electricity toward our goal of 100% renewable electricity by the end of 2023.

Invested in nature based carbon removals expected to remove an estimated 13 million metric tons of carbon over the next 20 years to address remaining emissions.

Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Our environmental sustainability management is particularly focused on addressing climate change.

Our most significant aspects relate to indirect emissions from Scope 2 electricity usage and Scope 3 emissions from business travel and purchased goods and services.

Through continuous innovation, we are scaling solutions to make real, lasting change.

Renewable electricity We are committed to achieving 100% renewable electricity in our offices globally by the end of 2023.

At the end of fiscal 2022, our mix of renewable electricity reached 97%, an improvement over 53% in fiscal 2021.

We encourage the use of more carbon efficient amount of electricity we use to power our global operations alternatives, such as rail, which is often much less annually, which reduces our reported carbon emissions from carbon intensive than air travel.

As we purchase more renewable electricity, we also support the generation of more renewable sources of electricity.

In fiscal 2022, we expanded our use of smart meters, which allows us to collect energy data at the source and quickly upload to our global environmental reporting system to inform our energy management decisions.

Responsible travel As a digital first business, we use collaboration technology with agility and at scale to deliver for our clients.

Microsoft Azure Cloud powered with renewable energy.

An aviation carbon calculator highlights actual emissions differences between flights to inform booking decisions.

We continue to use technology to facilitate more cost and carbon efficient delivery for our clients and our business, and we have implemented an internal carbon price on travel to encourage climate smart travel decisions.

Our industry partners are a key resource in reducing the carbon associated with travel.

We are working with our air, hotel and ground transport providers to increase the availability of lower carbon choices for our travelers.

Responsible buying Just as the emissions we generate in the service of our clients impact their emissions, our own suppliers contribute to our emissions.

We are working with our suppliers to reduce our Scope 3 delivery and reduced carbon emissions.

When travel is necessary, we are equipping our people to make climate smart travel decisions.

For example: their environmental targets and actions being taken to reduce emissions by 2025.

Analytics and reporting help travelers and business runners actions to reduce their emissions.

Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Now that our journey to cloud is complete, we have the direct advantage of consuming the new, more sustainable capabilities from cloud providers.

In fiscal 2021, we created a CO2 calculator prototype to measure an estimation of Accenture’s public cloud energy consumption.

To address remaining emissions, we are investing in nature based carbon removal solutions.

During fiscal 2022, we reused or recycled 99% of our e waste agriculture more sustainable, help create green jobs and allow relating to computers and workstations.

We continue our natural ecosystems to rebound and thrive all while removing CO2 from the atmosphere.

Over the next 20 years, this program is expected to physically our Intelligent Cloud Management Dashboard, enabling access to this data for more leaders and application teams.

Building on the measurement of our public cloud carbon footprint, we are also focused on measuring our overall IT remove more than 13 million metric tons of carbon from the atmosphere.

At the end of fiscal 2022, our nature based carbon removal portfolio included projects in Indonesia, the Philippines, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Our nature based carbon removal projects will support and devices and their usage patterns, we can better understand respect the universal principles of the UNGC in the relevant reduction opportunities and make more data driven areas of human rights, labor, environment, anticorruption decisions.

We are also engaged in other areas to further and the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

We have established reporting procedures to provide oversight of activities on the ground, quality control and alignment to the universal principles of the UNGC.

Sharing sustainability data with users via our new device catalog.

Additionally, we are working with our IT suppliers to understand how we can collaborate to accelerate our journey to net zero.

While we already responsibly manage other forms of e waste, we will expand our digital asset tracking of additional categories to include monitors, servers and uninterruptible power supply devices in fiscal 2023.

We extended our asset tracking system to include our furniture assets this allows more comprehensive management, including refurbishment and reuse to extend the life cycle of our furniture assets.

The data also allows us a more comprehensive view of the global furniture marketplace to optimize our partnerships with vendors offering Cradle to Cradle certification the global standard for products that are safe, circular and responsibly made and other zero waste credentials.

We continue to advance our programs in this area, pivoting to purchasing outcomes along with the carbon removals.

Pledges: We are a member of the Taskforce on Nature.

Plan for water risk To promote business continuity and resilience due to climate change related risks, we are planning to mitigate the potential impacts of water risk by the end of 2025.

To safeguard our people and operations, we are developing plans to reduce the impact of flooding, drought and water scarcity on our business and our people in high risk areas.

Although Accenture is not a water intensive company, we minimize our use of water wherever feasible, including responsible use, reuse, management and discharge across our office portfolio.

We are particularly conscious of our locations in water stressed areas.

Investing in a low carbon future To unlock shared value for both business and society, we are committed to investing in a low carbon future.

As a signatory of the World Economic Forum’s Clean Skies for Tomorrow sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) pledge, which includes an aviation industry goal of flying on 10% SAF by 2030, we are committed to purchasing SAF with our partners and only doing so from socially and ethically beneficial sources.

We are taking action for nature through our goals on climate, waste and water, including supporting biodiversity through initiatives such as our nature based carbon removals, as well as engaging our people to act for nature and biodiversity through our Eco Action initiative.

Community investment: Our investments in this area include projects such as helping Conservation International build a tool that will allow Indigenous communities to process and manage wildlife insights data collected on their lands.

The tool will enable communities to produce reports to validate and demonstrate their current wildlife management practices and provide insights on wildlife.

Although our direct impact on nature is low, due to our species they depend on for their livelihoods.

Collaborating for action: In a collaboration between.

Rural Affairs and the Council for Sustainable Business (CSB), we launched the Get Nature Positive (GNP) handbook, which aims to support businesses on their journey to protecting, restoring and sustainably using nature, and to position nature positive actions as key to reaching net zero targets.

In Denmark, improving conditions for key species, with the aim of long term improvement in biodiversity.

In India, small farmers planting fruit trees to create sustainable livelihoods.

The project also employs a local workforce consisting of widowed and elderly women, who face many inequalities in already marginalized communities.

World Wide Fund for Nature and many others to bring GNP primary and secondary schools to raise awareness for to a global audience as part of broader efforts to scale and environmental literacy.

The trees will eventually be planted in 14 countries across six continents in regions where our people live and work.

Environmental Responsibility Policy, which was established in 2007 and is reviewed annually.

ISO 14001, demonstrate our commitment to running our business responsibly and sustainably, and to integrating environmental practices into our operations.

Accenture’s Environment Management System is ISO 14001 certified globally.

Our commitment to ethics, human rights and strong corporate governance is a key driver of our business strategy and is essential to safeguarding our people, clients, brand and financial performance.

Code of Business Ethics (COBE) guide our strategic business decisions and actions as we strive to foster a culture of integrity, transparency, inclusivity and respect for all people.

Our Global Management Committee (GMC) sponsors our top, with our Board actively overseeing our ESG strategies responsible company strategies.

These senior leaders, and progress in meeting our ESG related commitments, spanning multiple corporate functions, industries, services and cascades throughout the business.

As part of this, we and geographies, engage on these topics and are responsible have implemented a clear and comprehensive governance for implementing strategies, goals and policies.

Together, they structure designed to help us achieve our goals and reflect make strategic recommendations and decisions on our ESG our objectives throughout the organization while guiding our initiatives, including sponsorship of our non financial goals.

Committee, made up of a subset of the GMC, accountable for is responsible for overseeing our overall ESG performance, approving strategic global decisions aligned to Accenture’s disclosure, strategies, goals and objectives, and monitoring corporate environmental sustainability commitments and evolving ESG risks.

In carrying out its responsibilities, the growth objectives.

We believe a shared ethical culture is critical to our growth in periodic reports throughout the year from management on meet regularly to monitor our environmental performance, a competitive marketplace.

Our clients involve us in some of key ESG matters, including the Sustainability Services we identify improvement areas and elevate matters to the Board the most sensitive areas of their business, in part because of provide to clients, our actions around being a responsible as appropriate through the GMC.

Of our top 100 clients, 99 have been our partners for demonstrates our commitment to transparency and more than 10 years.

Oversight of ESG The core of our growth strategy is delivering 360 value to our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

Accenture has been recognized on Ethisphere’s 2022 World’s Most Ethical Companies list, our 15th consecutive year on the list and a testament to our dedication to ethical leadership, compliance practices and sustainability.

Decisions tool, our COBE toolkit with downloadable job aids, and internal and external platforms for raising concerns, including anonymously.

Our core values Our values shape our culture and define our character.

We live our core values through individual behaviors that guide how we act and make decisions.

Enabling clients to become high performance businesses and creating long term relationships by being responsive and relevant and by consistently delivering value.

Leveraging the power of global insight, relationships, collaboration and learning to deliver exceptional service to clients wherever they do business.

Valuing diversity and unique contributions, fostering a trusting, open and inclusive environment and treating each person in a manner that reflects Accenture’s values.

Attracting, developing and retaining the best talent for our business, challenging our people, demonstrating a can do attitude and fostering a collaborative and supportive environment.

Being ethically unyielding and honest and inspiring trust by saying what we mean, matching our behaviors to our words and taking responsibility for our actions.

Fulfilling our obligation of building a better, stronger and more durable company for future generations, protecting the Accenture brand, meeting our commitment to stakeholders, acting with an owner mentality, developing our people and helping improve communities and the global environment.

We continue to evolve our required Ethics Compliance training with shorter, interactive and visually engaging courses.

Our people (including part time employees) must complete all required Ethics Compliance training by July 31 each year to be fully eligible for year end rewards (as permitted by law).

FCPA division to conduct a compliance review to evaluate and effective.

Individuals in higher risk roles and markets the risk of our Anticorruption program.

The assessment receive additional anticorruption and other compliance confirmed that our Anticorruption program continues to be training, including training led by our local Legal teams among the most advanced and forward thinking programs in high risk markets.

We had a 99% completion rate for rights efforts, require our people, business partners and this module.

Our training curriculum includes courses to build our people’s knowledge and support for inclusion and diversity.

New Zealand and all of Europe, including the United Kingdom and Ireland.

We continually assess and refine our Ethics Compliance program, including how we train our people.

Our approach provides a baseline of training to all Accenture people, including part time employees and contractors.

Ethics Compliance training within 60 days of onboarding in our Sustainable Procurement Hub, and may face revocation of access to systems or even termination if they fail to do so.

U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions.

We are a member and our Chair and CEO is the co chair of the World Economic Forum Partnering Against Corruption Initiative, a cross industry collaborative effort that unites companies that have a zero tolerance policy toward bribery and corruption in any form.

We encourage and empower our people to speak up safely and confidently if they experience, see or become aware of raise a concern to the resulting outcomes is an important element in helping our people speak up.

The first fundamental behavior in our COBE is Make Your Conduct Count.

It articulates five locally relevant yet globally any inappropriate behavior, including any form of disrespect, transparency through a dedicated internal site where our applicable standards to guide how our people think and act harassment, racism, discrimination or retaliation or have any people can find out: concerns about unethical or illegal behavior.

We offer our people many ways to raise a concern through our leaders, through anyone in Human Resources or Legal, and anonymously through our Accenture Business Ethics Helpline and once they do, we make it clear what to expect.

We also encourage our people to escalate a concern without fear of retaliation if they do not receive an acceptable response from their first point of contact.

We take all concerns raised seriously, including allegations of retaliation.

Accenture Business Ethics Helpline, and seek to confirm the facts in a professional, methodical, thoughtful and balanced manner.

Once we get to the facts, we determine appropriate outcomes and endeavor to apply them fairly and consistently on a global basis regardless of seniority, position or contribution to Accenture.

We speak up about concerns, knowing Accenture never tolerates retaliation.

We are proud to be ambassadors of Accenture, and we.

How we have zero tolerance for any form of retaliation act accordingly.

We apply our principle of meritocracy when we make.

This site also reports aggregated internal data on a global percentage basis about the types of conduct based matters that were investigated in the previous fiscal year and their outcomes.

We ensure our personal interests and relationships do not create conflicts for Accenture.

This framework creates a foundation for a positive, respectful and inclusive work environment that can inspire our people reflects who we are and who we want to be as a company and guides how we work with clients, our partners and each other.

We monitor our ethical environment through anonymous surveys of our people at regular intervals.

Safeguarding data is one of our most important responsibilities in building and maintaining trust, not only with our people, but also with our clients and others.

Beyond specific regional legal requirements, we apply strict data privacy and security standards to all information, everywhere.

All our people have a personal responsibility to practice effective and responsible data management in accordance with our policies, including our Data Privacy Policy and procedures, our Binding Corporate Rules, as well as new and changing global regulations and jurisprudence.

This responsibility serves as a cornerstone of all we do.

Audit Committee of our Board continues to have oversight of our information technology risk exposures, including cybersecurity, data privacy and data security.

While many of our people have returned to office spaces, others continue to work in remote and hybrid work environments.

This complex work model, partnered with potential business risks associated with ongoing geopolitical tensions, reinforces the need for a proactive, cyber resilient approach to keep data safe across our business, our people and our clients.

We adhere to the highest and strictest information protection and privacy standards for handling and protecting personal data, as evidenced by our global certifications for Information Security (ISO 27001:2013) and Data Privacy (ISO 27701:2019).

These certifications acknowledge that Accenture complies with the highest, strictest standards for handling and protecting personal data everywhere, and demonstrates accountability.

We were the first global organization to be ISO 27701 certified by the British Standards Institution (BSI) globally, across both our Enterprise and Client Service Business.

We work hard to uphold global data protection and privacy requirements, including the European Union’s General Data.

Protection Regulation (GDPR), and other data privacy laws in countries where we do business.

Our Enterprise and Client Data Protection programs define the stewardship of Accenture and client information.

They define our management processes and controls, in accordance with relevant information protection and privacy laws.

Periodic independent assessments by BSI continue for maintenance and re certification purposes.

We take security seriously, with extensive training and learning assets.

All Accenture people regularly participate in required and targeted data privacy training.

Further, our global awareness campaign, Protecting Accenture: Live.

Smart to Stay Safe, equips our people with the latest best practice learnings and behaviors necessary to maintain safe data security hygiene.

Beyond completing our required data security training, our people participate in our Information Security Advocate program, a self paced training program designed to strengthen awareness and adoption of secure behaviors.

In addition to keeping Accenture, our people and our clients protected through advanced internal security practices, technologies and controls, we serve as a global provider of managed security services, helping our clients with comprehensive security solutions that span strategy development, risk management, cyber defense, digital identity, application and managed security services.

Responsible artificial intelligence (AI) is the practice of designing, developing and deploying AI with good intention to empower employees and businesses, and fairly impact customers and society.

At Accenture, we are acutely sensitive to our role in innovating responsibly and consider AI and related technologies one of our highest ESG priorities.

As AI decisions increasingly influence and impact people's lives, the responsibility of enterprises to manage the potential ethical and sociotechnical implications of AI adoption also grows.

When we think about these implications, issues such as bias fairness and transparency explainability become paramount.

Responsible AI into their approach from the beginning.

Principles and governance: Define and articulate a.

Responsible AI mission and principles while establishing a transparent governance structure across the organization that builds confidence and trust in AI technologies.

Risk, policy and control: Strengthen compliance with current laws and regulations while monitoring future ones, develop policies to mitigate risk, and operationalize those policies through a risk management framework with regular reporting and monitoring.

Technology and enablers: Develop tools and techniques to support principles such as fairness, explainability, robustness, traceability and privacy, and build them into.

Culture and training: Empower leadership to elevate Responsible AI as a critical business imperative and provide training to enable all employees to have a clear understanding of Responsible AI principles and criteria for success.

Business continuity clients to translate ethical principles and academic research into practical, measurable metrics and methodologies that can be embedded into everyday processes.

We take a cross functional, multidisciplinary approach and provide our clients with strategic leadership and technical tools across the spectrum of AI governance, risk management, accountability, explainability and cultural adoption.

Our approach to managing disruptions is based on years of experience, preparation and adapting the way we manage and deliver services.

Our business resilience strategy supports how we operate as a company, starting with our global client base, underpinned by internal functions and technology, and supported by the collaborations of our third party ecosystem.

Accenture’s business resilience program is aligned to industry standards (ISO 22301, ISO 20000, ISO 27001 and ISO 27701).

For more information, see our business continuity case study.

As society continues moving to a digital first reality, promoting human rights and setting industry standards are top of mind as we adapt our offerings to reflect this new collective consciousness.

Corporate Governance Guidelines and committee charters, which are all found on our corporate website.

These documents outline the role of our Board and its committees and our key governance practices, as well as the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of our directors.

We are especially proud that this mix contributes to our 9 director nominees being 56% racially and ethnically diverse and 56% women.

For the purposes of this report, racial and ethnic diversity of our directors is based on self reported EEO 1 categories.

Please see our 2022 Proxy Statement for further information.

Shareholders holding 10% or more of our outstanding share capital have the right to convene a special meeting.

Strong independent Lead Director, elected by the independent directors.

Annual Board, committee and individual director evaluations and self assessments.

Regular executive sessions, where independent directors meet without management present.

Robust director selection process resulting in a diverse and international Board in terms of gender, race, ethnicity, experience, perspectives, skills and tenure.

Board takes active role in Board succession planning and is committed to Board refreshment.

Active Board oversight of strategy, risk management and environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

Committee oversight of ESG performance, disclosure, strategies, goals, objectives, risks and opportunities, as well as strategies related to our people, including pay equity, inclusion and diversity, leadership succession and risks.

Board diversity policy to actively seek out women and underrepresented candidates.

Director policy limiting service to three other public company boards or two other public company boards if the director is a public company chief executive officer.

Formalized committee oversight to cover political, lobbying and other grassroots advocacy activities and related policies and practices.

Racial and ethnic diversity is based on self reported EEO 1 categories.

As stated in our Code of Business Ethics (COBE), we seek to align to the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

We also adhere to relevant international instruments and documents, including the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, in addition to the UN Guiding Principles.

We recognize that support and respect for human rights is appropriately make the most impact and areas of heightened an integral part of our sustainability commitments.

We recognize the importance of assessing potential risks to rightsholders.

We continually review, adapt and incorporate human rights due diligence across our enterprise risk management systems and legal compliance processes, in addition to across our supply chain.

Our relationships with our suppliers help us amplify our human rights commitment.

Our Supplier Standards of Conduct (SSoC), which supplements our COBE, sets out the standards and practices that Accenture suppliers are required to uphold or make an equivalent commitment.

In turn, Accenture expects our suppliers to apply our SSoC and operations in terms of potential human rights impacts.

We focus our human rights efforts on areas most relevant to our business and operations in terms of potential human and policies.

We continue to review our human rights efforts, as well as best practices in the marketplace, to assess how we can further strengthen our commitments.

In cases where it is unclear how to apply the law in a way that is consistent with our human rights principles, we are guided by our core values and COBE to support and respect the principles of internationally recognized human rights.

Employment conditions and working practices to their own suppliers.

We work to be thoughtful and targeted in how we select and engage our suppliers, particularly in relation to higher risk sectors and countries, and as our business evolves.

We are committed to doing business ethically and legally, and we seek to leverage our global buying power to advance human rights.

We continue to invest in new technology and processes to help us have greater visibility into the ESG performance of our suppliers.

Procurement Hub (The Hub), which we are rolling out globally.

This new technology platform will enhance and provide greater transparency from our direct suppliers about their own human rights policies, due diligence and inclusive practices.

The Hub supports how we make ethical purchasing decisions, onboard our suppliers and assess their ESG progress.

Accenture continues to drive the adoption of a living wage with our suppliers around the world.

Accenture’s Supplier Inclusion Sustainability team has a dedicated focus on conflict minerals in our supply chain.

Given the recent evolution of our Industry X business into hardware manufacturing, this work is a vital part of how we by law.

For more information, see our Conflict Minerals Report.

We provide a mechanism to enable our suppliers’ employees to speak up about legal or ethical concerns, including slavery and human trafficking.

Employees of Accenture suppliers may report concerns or violations (anonymously, where permitted by local law) through the Accenture Business Ethics Helpline.

Our long standing commitment to human rights includes eliminating modern slavery, child labor and human trafficking in our supply chains.

Accenture’s supply chains or organization can contact the to date, we believe the risk of modern slavery, child labor and helpline by phone or online: human trafficking in our supply chains is low.

A free phone number 1 312 737 8262 (or in India, 1 888.

Online inquiries can be submitted to our Business Ethics.

All queries are handled by an independent team confidentially and, where allowed by law, anonymously.

Whether internal or external, we treat all concerns seriously and in strict confidence.

We protect anyone who raises, in good faith, a concern about a human rights issue or who assists us, or a law enforcement authority, by providing information to address such a concern.

However, we are not complacent and frequently review how we can improve and evolve in response to changing circumstances and our evolving business.

Our Modern Slavery Transparency Statement provides more information about our efforts.

While this statement is required by law in the United Kingdom and Australia, it also covers our commitment beyond these jurisdictions.

The size and scale of our supply chain affords us the sustainable and inclusive, we recognize the need for an ethical opportunity to drive a culture of responsible buying.

As procurement strategy that is reflective of our core values and we continue to grow as a company, we recognize our our Code of Business Ethics (COBE).

Our ethical procurement responsibility to deliver long term value to society through strategy is an underlying component of our business practice our clients, suppliers and communities.

We also expect our suppliers to apply these standards to their own suppliers, thereby continuing the impact of our ethical procurement strategy.

We continue to evolve our global SSoC in line with our commitment to responsible business.

For example, in fiscal 2022, we updated our trade control requirements.

Additionally, we review our supply chain strategy annually through the lens of our COBE and the UNGC Ten Principles as part of our efforts to set industry standards for maintaining an ethical supply chain.

This is particularly important as part of our continuing efforts to encourage our suppliers to pay a living wage.

We realize the economic certainty that prompt payments can provide a supplier, whether a FORTUNE 500 company selection criteria for suppliers and the development of our standards for conducting business with our suppliers.

To encourage broader transparency within our supply chains, we require our suppliers to adhere to our SSoC, which supplement our COBE, or to make an equivalent commitment.

We communicate the standards through a range of mechanisms, including contractual terms and conditions, the Supplier’s Guide to Doing Business with Accenture, as well as our purchase order process.

We continue to reiterate our commitment to our standards through or a SME.

In the United Kingdom, we are a signatory to the communication to 100% of suppliers that are included in our voluntary Prompt Payment Code, which requires a continual supplier management program.

We have invested in further focus on ensuring that we pay our suppliers on time, within developing and strengthening our governance framework the payment terms agreed.

Our Payment on Time Centre of Excellence and responsible buying practices for ourselves and for the wider marketplace.

Our SSoC reflects our support of the Ten Principles of the UNGC and we have continued to lead by example sustainability during business reviews with select suppliers.

These standards are published in 20 languages and set human rights, supplier inclusion and diversity, and our Supplier Standards of Conduct (SSoC).

We are proud to be leaders in shifting the payment culture to be more efficient and fairer.

Our supplier management program includes third party suppliers with whom Accenture has a direct and enduring contractual relationship.

Our overarching approach shapes how we work with suppliers to promote sustainability.

Procurement Plus addresses four thematic pillars to advance responsible buying: the environment, human rights, supplier inclusion and diversity, and the future of work.

This approach informs every aspect of our supply chain, building stronger partnerships based on ethical behaviors, transparency, agility and inclusivity.

We encourage a responsible buying culture by advocating for supply chains that are more sustainable and inclusive, both inside and outside our company.

We expect our suppliers to prioritize sustainability and provide updates on their environmental initiatives, goals and impact.

As a corporate member of CDP’s Supply Chain Program, we use CDP tools as well as The Hub to promote engagement, transparency and sustainable practices with our suppliers.

For example, since 2010 we have invited select suppliers to reporting their sustainability performance for example, respond to CDP’s supply chain self assessment questionnaire.

As of December 1, 2022, 68% of key suppliers disclosed their targets and actions or regularly assess their own supply chains.

Sustainable Procurement Hub We continue to invest in new technology and processes to help us have greater visibility into environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance of our suppliers.

The tool also allows us to perform due diligence processes to inform our buyer selection decisions, onboarding and ad hoc ESG assessments.

Hub is currently operational in over 30 countries with further from 58% and 60% as of December 1, 2021, respectively.

We know that addressing this area of emissions is a priority to drive action toward responsible business decisions.

Increasingly, our suppliers are collectively using more emission reducing energy sources, minimizing the footprint of their goods and services, and adapting to customer preferences in their reporting.

As part of our goal to reach net zero by the end of 2025, we set an ambitious target requiring 90% of our key suppliers to disclose their environmental targets and actions being taken to reduce emissions.

Key suppliers are defined as vendors that represent a significant portion of our 2019 Scope 3 emissions.

Working with our clients We continue to support our clients who seek value delivered by including supplier inclusion and diversity in sourcing.

For example, leveraging our global Supplier Inclusion Sustainability model and experience, we helped develop a responsible sourcing strategy and operating model for a global bank.

The strategy leveraged ESG Book analytics, set a comprehensive direction for the bank’s procurement function to deliver on its net zero and diversity and inclusion priorities, and provided a suite of toolkits and training for procurement, business and supplier engagement.

To further advance awareness of the positive impact procurement has on sustainability, Accenture has joined forces with The Sustainable Procurement Pledge (SPP).

The SPP is a global, nonprofit community of procurement professionals that aims to embed sustainability in their daily activities.

SPP empowers and equips procurement professionals with access to the right knowledge, tools and behavior.

Accenture is supporting these efforts and participating in the leadership and advisory panels.

Accenture has identified sustainability as one of the five key forces of change that companies must harness to lead in the next decade.

As consumers, employees, business partners, regulators and investors demand that companies move from commitment to action, we believe every business must be a sustainable business a growth engine for new markets, new products and new services.

Sustainability is a priority in what we do for our clients and how we operate our own business.

We continue to expand and evolve our portfolio of Sustainability Services to meet the changing needs of our clients and support the imperative to act on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues.

Create: Our comprehensive suite of sustainability focused services helps our clients not only set goals but also shape and deliver on their transformation roadmap.

We continue to develop new offerings, evolve our existing offerings and co create with our ecosystem partners to deliver measurable business value and sustainable impact for our clients.

Embed: We embed ESG capabilities into our offerings across our core business, and this will continue to increase in scope and scale over the coming years.

This is what we believe is required to address both the sustainability challenges facing the world, as well as the demands of our clients’ stakeholders to demonstrate action beyond ambition.

Innovate: We engage our partners to innovate with us by embedding sustainability in core business tools and processes our clients use to make decisions daily.

This includes co developing sustainability focused products and services that open new growth opportunities, enhance their business and translate technology into solutions.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Sustainability is going to be the next digital and every business will be a sustainable business.

This is why we are working toward embedding sustainability into everything we do, and with everyone we work with.

Sustainability Strategy underpins all our Sustainability Services as we guide clients to define their sustainability ambitions, build the business case, and develop sustainability and technology roadmaps to deliver compressed transformation at scale.

We lead C suite conversations and architect solutions that enable system level transformations and deliver untapped value and impact to clients and society.

We help our clients build more sustainable value chains by embedding sustainability into each supply chain function and through data led transformation of the entire value chain.

Scaling low carbon and renewable energy generation, self consumption, and procurement.

Building the supporting grids, networks, charging infrastructure and industrial clusters.

Setting science based targets, decarbonization goals and programs, and roadmaps to emissions reduction, net zero and neutralization.

Developing and deploying carbon intelligence capabilities to enable integrated, carbon informed decision making across business functions.

Designing strategies and developing and implementing new business models for e mobility, hydrogen and ammonia, bioenergies and synthetic fuels, carbon capture, utilization and storage, batteries and energy storage, and.

Define and deliver a holistic sustainable value chain strategy.

Realize end to end visibility and transparency of ESG performance across the value chain.

Enable responsible sourcing and operations, informed by human rights, anticorruption and greenhouse gas emission factors.

Embed and innovate for circularity across product development, production and end of use through new business models.

Decarbonize energy, logistics and other emissions heavy components of the value chain.

Reimagine customer experiences to be more sustainable and responsible and systems change that is necessary to be competitive and nature based solutions deliver measurable shareholder and stakeholder value.

Developing products and services to enable a future net.

Transitioning to net zero carbon emissions by 2050 is a priority for businesses and governments.

We help our clients build the future net zero emissions electricity, energy and production systems.

Developing new capabilities and skills for the net zero transition, spanning operating models, process design, incentives like internal carbon pricing, and training programs.

Shaping sustainability informed consumer choices and behaviors.

Business leaders today are increasingly devoting the same and competitive value to companies that make ESG and technology adoption.

Our goal is to help organizations not resources and attention to ESG climate risk issues as sustainability a priority at all levels of the organization, only use technology more sustainably, but also use it as a they do to their financials.

That means weighing risks and including the C suite and the board.

We support companies to use and scale technology to drive sustainability across the business, including their operations, supply chains and ecosystem, while making sure that it is deployed and used in the most sustainable way.

The complex sustainability landscape demands focus on people, process and technologies upskilling of a comprehensive, data led performance management talent, change management processes for implementation, capability that blends financial and non financial goals and and the right data and insights to support leaders to drive consolidates key metrics in one place.

Decarbonize and enable circular IT infrastructure.

Design and implement green cloud migration and operations.

Build and operate software in a carbon efficient and carbon aware way.

Develop new sustainability use cases through technology to support every stage of the transformation process.

We sustainable businesses, we help clients: can help clients make the right strategic decisions, redefine what value means for their business and create enduring value with critical insights.

Communicate with the board members on the governance necessary to meet the organization’s Sustainability and.

Define ESG priorities, metrics and key performance indicators industry benchmarking and best practices for informed, incisive and bold leadership in the boardroom.

Create a purpose driven strategy aligned to the company.

Understand ESG risks and transition scenarios culture and values.

Optimize operating models and organizational design.

Create sustainability led operating models to drive a sustainability strategy.

Drive effectiveness by strengthening inclusion, diversity.

Monitor ESG measurement and real time impact and belonging.

Leverage ESG data insights to inform decision making.

Develop and equip responsible leaders at all levels of the organization.

Reskill and upskill talent to build sustainability capabilities.

From new digital touchpoints to innovative and inspiring products and services that help customers achieve their own sustainability goals, we help businesses shift perceptions and bring customers and their own people on the journey.

We apply deep knowledge of sustainability challenges and opportunities, along with design, creative, innovation and ethnographic skills, to position customer experience and brand narratives as differentiators and enablers of organizations’ sustainability ambitions.

Creating value and impact Our Sustainability Services portfolio is continually evolving to meet the changing needs of our clients.

For example, as economic and geopolitical forces led to mounting energy costs, we expanded our energy efficiency capabilities with new offerings to help business leaders take short term action to reduce energy costs and emissions and support customers’ behavior change.

Our extensive cross industry expertise and a robust partner ecosystem are core to the solutions we deliver.

Create sustainability led behavior change in consumers business units needs and regulatory reports.

Drive awareness and understanding about the company’s net zero ambitions.

Build loyalty and relevance by meeting stakeholders’ needs for sustainability transparency.

Petrochemicals: We helped Braskem, a multinational petrochemical company, develop a decarbonization program that identified emissions reduction initiatives, calculated business cases and constructed a comprehensive marginal abatement cost curve.

Industrial: Our strategy is helping a multinational steel manufacturing company in its decarbonization initiative in its plants in Europe and Canada by the end of 2025.

Our activities include creating a new capability, process and operating roadmap.

Manufacturing: We are helping Kubota, a leading agricultural equipment company, reduce CO2 emissions and introduce circular water and waste solutions.

Utilities: EDF, a multinational energy company, is developing a nuclear power station that will provide low carbon energy for more than 6 million U.K. homes.

Our Industry X team is supporting EDF’s total enterprise reinvention with digital construction processes and greater efficiency with a global delivery factory model on a secure cloud infrastructure.

Energy: We helped a Latin American energy company identify significant cost savings by developing a targeted roadmap to improve energy efficiency by 30% and CO2 emissions by 10% by 2030.

Working toward embedding sustainability in everything we do As part of delivering 360 value, we continue to embed sustainability into our work with clients and into our own solutions with a goal to create meaningful business value and sustainable impact that can transform organizations and industries for a net zero future.

Applying green software principles to our ways of methodologies, and provide our clients with useful tools across the spectrum of governance, accountability, fairness and explainability.

By applying these practices when designing, deploying and monitoring AI, we empower our people and clients to embed Responsible AI in daily operations to engender trust and scale AI with confidence.

Building and engaging diverse teams and perspectives in the full development process is essential for a culture of equality.

We create experiences that work for everyone by considering accessibility design standards and co creating inclusive tools and solutions with our clients and their customers.

This is all part of our goal to embed sustainability into to a sustainable technology organization by helping them everything we do and with everyone we work with to create assess, prioritize and mobilize decarbonization strategies.

Transforming supply chains to consider circularity in the value chain identifying opportunities to remove waste and obtain net positivity across critical resources such as energy, water and net zero emissions keeping materials in productive use for as long as possible with circular consumption and rethinking the last step of a product’s life cycle.

From our Global Management Committee to all our people, we are embedding a sustainability mindset throughout our company.

Our company wide sustainability learning curriculum enables our people to understand and consider how our work can deliver more sustainable outcomes and drive change in line with the UN SDGs.

SDGs and Accenture’s focus, building understanding about the importance of sustainability in today’s context.

August 31, 2022, nearly 395,000 of our people have taken sustainability awareness level training.

The Sustainability Quotient (SQ) training features expert curated content from Accenture leaders around the world.

This year, we added two SQ topics Green Software and Sustainable Customer Experience and Brand bringing the total to seven real time, right sized learning modules.

Sustainability topics with Accenture leaders and experts from the Oxford Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment.

Through our ventures and acquisitions, we continue to expand our ecosystem to connect our clients with best in class emerging enterprise startups to unlock new opportunities for growth and sustainability innovation.

Our continued participation as a member of the MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium has given us the opportunity to partner with other sustainability leaders to accelerate large scale, real world implementation of solutions to address the threat of climate change.

We have also trained more than 100,000 software practitioners across Accenture, conducting awareness sessions for our technology sales leads, technology solution architects and green software advisors on green software principles.

Our recent sustainability acquisitions include: akzente, based in Munich and Berlin, which provides sustainability strategy, reporting, communication and stakeholder management consulting services.

Avieco, a leading U.K. sustainability consultancy in London.

Carbon Intelligence, London, which helps companies set Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) approved targets and net zero commitments.

Fortitude Partners in London, which joined Accenture to provide strategic sustainability innovation consulting as part of our Sustainable Customer Experience and Brand team.

Greenfish, a Brussels based engineering and advisory company that specializes in sustainability.

Zestgroup, a Dutch company that specializes in energy transition services.

Through Accenture Ventures, we partner with and invest in growth stage companies that create innovative enterprise technologies to help drive business value and sustainable impact, using an open innovation approach.

Our recent sustainability investments include: ESG Book (minority investment formerly Arabesque S Ray) to accelerate our clients’ ability to benchmark and evaluate sustainability impacts.

Pixxel (strategic investment), which is building an earth imaging satellite constellation.

Its AI powered insights will identify and predict climate issues at a fraction of the cost of traditional satellites.

Reactive Technologies (strategic investment), a provider of power and grid measurement technology to help utilities accelerate the transition to low carbon energy.

SkyHive (spotlight investment), which is democratizing labor opportunities and unleashing human potential in real time with the world’s only quantum labor analytics platform by marrying economic theory with workforce modeling and human analytics.

The Accenture Sustainability Studio, an accelerator program where our people devise and prototype digital solutions that deliver business value and sustainable impact.

The focus is on developing cost effective their futures as they transform their organizations to become prototypes for clients to test and prove viability before more sustainable.

We bring together our capabilities across scaling and rolling them out.

We anticipate market needs and deepen our impact by embedding sustainability innovation through technology, which is key to how we innovate with clients and partners.

Accenture Innovation Centers help clients quickly see the value of, and inform decisions about, the right digital solutions for their business, stakeholders and the environment.

We have a robust network of innovation partners with whom we collaborate to create sustainability value and impact for our clients.

The Dock, our Innovation Center in Dublin, helps business how organizations use technology to support responsible leaders redefine value for their organizations, make business operations and high value, more sustainable strategic decisions based on ESG metrics, and pioneer new customer outcomes.

We have formed strategic sustainability opportunities while helping to promote their sustainability partnerships with SAP, Salesforce and Microsoft, with whom agenda to employees, clients and the market.

The Seed, our Innovation and Sustainability Lab in Costa Rica, designs transformative change through immersive experiences and pioneering practices.

Network, a community spanning more than 20 countries, works to accelerate and build sustainability into innovative products and services through co creation and sharing sessions, prototyping and implementation initiatives, industry focused demonstrations and more.

Through our partnership with into the entire software development life cycle (SDLC).

ESG measurement, analytics and performance: We are collaborating to streamline sustainability reporting, including Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics developed by the World Economic Forum, the Global Reporting Initiative.

Sustainable value chain with a focus on circular economy: We are SAP’s circularity co development partner, starting with the SAP Responsible Design and.

Salesforce, we bring sustainability to the front office and growing forum of businesses, academic and nonprofit provide business leaders visibility into their company’s organizations is helping to develop industry standards, metrics historical, current and future carbon footprint.

Our joint offering helps our customers see their impact across and raise awareness.

We are working toward applying our findings to everything data, so they can drive positive change across the enterprise.

AI, as well as in the approach we take when we roll out cloud to collect more granular Scope 3 emissions data and engage migration and optimization aboard a greener Azure cloud.

We recently announced that with Microsoft and Avanade, we to reduce packaging waste.

Social responsibility: We are working to catalyze the ESG companies track and analyze broader ESG metrics from their decarbonization approach to their net zero transition.

Our impact across multitier supplier networks and mitigate ESG greenhouse gas emissions to water and waste management goal is to help clients rethink the optimization of their entire IT supply chain risks to secure stakeholder trust.

Climate action: We are helping to define a decarbonization transformation consistent with the UN’s Climate Action roadmap and our own carbon intelligence capabilities to increase business value at the product and corporate levels and across the value chain.

As a leading Net Zero Cloud partner, we have developed or manufacturing processes.

We also work closely with the SAP.iO Accelerator program management and product carbon footprint tracking.

The SAP software we develop and implement follows green software engineering practices that also make digital accessibility, ethics, data protection and security integral components.

World Economic Forum and global nonprofit organizations to help achieve the UN SDGs and tackle climate change.

Our partnerships involve joint action to develop thought leadership, deliver programs, coordinate ecosystem action and support sustainable business transformation.

We partner with highly visible and influential market forums and international organizations on programs focused on key sustainability challenges and solutions.

Global Compact (UNGC), supporting its efforts to advance sustainability, equality and human rights.

SDG Ambition: The UNGC partnered with Accenture, SAP and 3M to launch the SDG Ambition program to support over 1,100 businesses across 80 countries to accelerate their actions on the SDGs into their business operations and planning.

World Business Council for Sustainable Development Accenture is a long standing partner of World Business events, programs and initiatives to address climate and.

The Circulars Accelerator: This partnership with WEF,.

Anglo American, Ecolab and AWS pairs global organizations with disruptors seeking to scale circularity.

Net Zero Carbon Cities program: This cross sector collaboration seeks to advance clean electrification and circularity in cities across the globe.

Transitioning Industrial Clusters towards Net Zero:.

We have partnered with WEF and EPRI to accelerate the transformation of industrial clusters to reduce emissions, create jobs, and improve the economic competitiveness of industrial areas.

Aluminium for Climate: This initiative is designed to accelerate innovative solutions to address the carbon footprint of the carbon intensive aluminum industry.

Accelerating Clean Hydrogen: This public private collaboration aims to decarbonize hydrogen production to reach net zero emissions by 2050.

Accelerating Transition from Coal to Renewables in.

Emerging Markets: This WEF sponsored initiative plans to repurpose old, inefficient coal power plants into renewable energy assets.

HUB Ocean: We support HUB Ocean and its Ocean Data.

Platform, powered by WEF, Aker and 17 other organizations, to develop projects and solutions for a healthier ocean.

Our work with WBCSD provides thought leadership and net zero transition models to the 250 plus WBCSD member companies.

Platform for Accelerating the Circular Economy: The World Economic Forum, along with Accenture, and other leaders in private and public sectors, launched the Platform for Accelerating the Circular Economy (PACE) in 2018 to scale impact and advance a global circular economy.

PACE is now hosted by the World Resources Institute.

Circular Economy Action Agendas, and more recently, are collaborating to enhance corporate circular target setting in collaboration with the Circular Economy Indicators Coalition.

Responsibility Officer, is a Board member of PACE, and the work of the organization heavily influenced The Circular Economy Handbook, which was published in 2020 to inspire organizations to take transformative steps toward circularity and create new opportunities for competitiveness and sustainable prosperity.

We designed a program to provide a knowledge platform, capacity building, technical assistance and financing solutions.

International Finance Corporation: In 2018, Accenture and the IFC Financial Institutions Group co created the DigiLab program, a digital innovation accelerator to help financial services institutions support underserved customers, reach new markets and gain efficiencies in their operations.

To date, we have helped over 30 organizations engage to serve more than 11 million customers in 19 countries.

PEAK Matrix Assessment 2022 report, by industry analyst firm Everest Group.

We are an overall leader and ranked highest in the Vision Capability dimension within the assessment that detailed profiles of 14 service providers and the integrated capabilities that they offer in the sustainability services ecosystem.

Models for Oil and Gas Companies 2022 Vendor Assessment.

Several of our key strengths were highlighted, including end to end services spanning strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations and integrated service portfolio, supported by new energy research, innovation capabilities and energy focused digital labs.

Accenture places great importance on thought leadership to drive environmental and social imperatives.

We produce a variety of research, insights and reports across the ESG landscape.

We also conduct timely topic specific research to help us continually understand and better shape the evolving ESG landscape.

For example, the United Nations Global Compact Accenture CEO Study on Sustainability has provided the most comprehensive longitudinal study of CEOs’ changing attitudes about sustainability since 2007.

Shaping the Sustainable Organization Uniting technology and sustainability Reaching Net Zero by 2050 .

Sustainability in automotive aftersales Aerospace sets sights on sustainability Sustainable lending: An action plan for banks New Energy Consumer: Transition on demand How investors view mining's new role as a champion of decarbonization Scaling ESG Solutions in Fashion  Decarbonizing energy: From A to Zero.

Get Nature Positive (with the Council for Sustainable Business) The Net Zero Industry Tracker (with the World Economic Forum) How China is decarbonizing the electricity supply for aluminium.

Junior Achievement Worldwide equips more than 12 million young people each year with the skillset and and their impact on jobs, careers and the workplace.

The global NGO responsibility also contributes to companies’ ability to find engaged Accenture Development Partnerships to define and nurture diverse talent and tomorrow’s innovators.

We work to create lasting impact by focusing on skilling for technology careers, innovating for society, helping communities in crisis and refugees, and offering meaningful volunteering, participation and innovation opportunities for our people.

We are rising to this challenge through our global Skills to Succeed initiative, which aims to help create a more economically and digitally inclusive world.

For example, our Skills to Succeed Academy is a free, immersive online learning program to help young people build skills and partnerships, and empowers the underserved.

Asia, Europe, and the United States to help expand its reach to more than 100 million students annually by 2050.

We are helping GirlCode, a nonprofit organization in confidence to succeed in the workplace.

South Africa, empower girls and young women with tech academy has skilled approximately 98,000 people globally.

Collaboration is at the heart of how we deliver this impact.

We work with our clients, ecosystem partners, nonprofit partners and others to accelerate our collective progress and do more with our resources.

Skills to Succeed Through our global Skills to Succeed initiative, we collaborate with our partners to prepare people for employment and entrepreneurship opportunities.

In fiscal 2022, we equipped more than 1.6 million people worldwide with the skills to make substantive improvements to their lives, for a total of more than 7.5 million since 2009.

We are also hiring graduates of skilling programs ourselves, as we strive to find the best talent and offer new routes into the professional world.

Telstra and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, we are supporting Grok Academy’s DT Applied program in Australia.

Classroom ready resources help develop students’ digital skills and fluency, while also promoting tech career opportunities.

As a global professional services company, we already are realizing a future in which we see how critical technology skills are necessary for jobs and careers.

GirlCode’s mission is to increase access to in demand skills by girls and young women, many from disadvantaged communities and backgrounds.

We are supporting by providing Python, Java and AWS Cloud training.

In Japan, we work with Yokohama Spice to promote STEM studies by running robotic programming workshops in schools.

We participated in Latin Code Week, a digital education initiative co created by SAP and Junior Achievement.

Americas to promote STEM studies and careers for youth in Latin America.

Our people mentored participants in a sustainability app challenge that involved working to solve one of the Sustainable Development Goals, coding, skills of the future (including creative problem solving) and business skills (including analytics).

We are furthering our investment with a new 5.25 million grant to YBI that will help an estimated.

We expanded our 12 year partnership with Save the.

Children, including through a new grant of 4.8 million to focus on investing in a green economy, promoting gender equality and social justice for in and out of school youth, supporting youth led advocacy to drive social and environmental change and leveraging technology for digital skilling.

It will also connect learners to potential employers and individuals through summer and year round internships.

This year, more than 700 high school and post high school coaching.

We are rolling out this program in partnership interns participated in the programs.

Magic Bus Foundation and the Hope Foundation, and summer analyst, apprentice or full time employee.

Through our work based learning initiatives, we are working with organizations to break down barriers to employment and expand job opportunities to motivated, high potential underrepresented talent who traditionally have lacked access to the digital economy.

As innovators, we have an opportunity to leverage existing and emerging technologies to address critical challenges facing society and help build a more sustainable and inclusive world.

We are helping Dansk Blindesamfund, the Danish Association of the Blind, explore how AI enabled voice activated assistants can help make life easier for people who are visually impaired using digital AI assistants, natural language processing and integration of Internet of Things (IoT) devices.

From navigating online services to controlling devices, appliances and equipment, and supporting everyday practical tasks, the goal is to help people who are blind or partially sighted personally and professionally, to help enable everyone to contribute and participate on equal terms in society.

BeCode recruits people, trains them with best of our capabilities, and together, we aim to create a digital and coding skills and guides them to find the right sustainable future for all.

In fiscal 2022, our tech enabled internship and job for them.

Since 2019 we have supported skilling initiatives equipped nearly 34,000 people with the over 30 internships at Accenture.

Across India, we are collaborating with AWS to help underemployed or unemployed individuals start careers in cloud computing through AWS re Start,.

Accenture is a founding partner of Movement to Work, a collaboration of U.K. employers committed to tackling youth unemployment through the provision of vocational training and work placements for young people who are not in education, employment or training.

In fiscal 2022, we hosted more than 150 placements and hired 11 people.

We supported the Spanish Red Cross in a six month pilot to build a digital reforestation platform, focusing on capturing developed Favela X The Game, a metaverse experience that the digital representation of an existing forest and a digital highlights social inequities in order to generate social impact reforestation training program.

Young people are invited to a virtual favela in Roblox to understand the hardships facing millions of Brazilians.

We are collaborating with T4 Education on the World’s Best School Prize for Environmental Action.

Co chaired by our Chair and CEO Julie Sweet and Alphabet and Google CEO Sundar Pichai, the Welcome.US CEO Council is working to accelerate and scale private sector support for people seeking refuge and build a culture of welcoming.

We are also providing pro bono services to Welcome.US to scale support for the resettlement of newcomers.

In China, we work with The Inclusion Factory, a global parts manufacturer that seeks to compete in the manufacturing technologies and innovative practices that tackle the global of Welcome.US.

Students and schools space while leading in social responsibility.

Our Welcome.US activities and impacts include: they aim to be more inclusive in their hiring, and to hire people issues of uncertainty, inequity and poverty.

To support these workers as they execute a dynamic standard operating procedure, we developed an AI powered computer vision approach that analyzes hand gestures and action sequences of workers to understand which steps have been completed and which steps are next.

Communities in crisis and refugees We help welcome refugees in the communities where we work and live around the world, and we recognize how they smarts were integrated into a 3D virtual environment so that enrich our communities through their courage, strength feedback can be provided to the worker in an intuitive way, and talent.

Hiring 29 Afghan evacuees and creating referral pathways to further connect promising candidates with meaningful employment, referring more than 100 candidates to other companies.

Co hosting a refugee hiring fair in Atlanta with other companies and almost 300 newcomers in attendance.

Supporting the Welcome Legal Alliance a Welcome.US initiative that has already helped more than 600 applicants with asylum applications providing pro bono legal and empowering employees across a range of learning abilities to continuously remain productive despite dynamic and agile business demands.

We partner with local and global organizations to help consulting support.

Creating the Welcome Employment Exchange, in their home countries and establish new lives, gain meaningful coordination with Welcome.US and Manpower, where employment and start businesses.

To further mobilize American communities and the private sector, Accenture’s creative agency Droga5 has helped the.

Welcome.US team develop meaningful campaigns to help spread awareness about welcoming newcomers.

We are helping meet the essential immediate and longer term needs of Ukrainian refugees.

In Slovakia, our people developed an app to help distribute insulin and other essential supplies to Ukrainian children with diabetes.

The app coordinates requests efficiently and securely to avoid potential misuse and protect users’ highly sensitive data.

Another team created the Map of Help a solution based on Google Maps that was created to help identify key location points and resources for Ukrainian refugees in Slovakia, while also connecting Slovakians with volunteer opportunities.

Partnering to deliver food and aid We partnered with the Confederation of British Industry to organize essential humanitarian food boxes for delivery to Ukraine.

Ukrainian embassy in London to enable this essential aid to reach people in need.

Supporting long term economic inclusion of refugees We quickly mobilized to partner with job marketplace.

The Adecco Group to support Ukrainian refugees looking to start a new career and to open a recruiting channel for new talent.

To support this effort, we adapted our Skills to Succeed Academy to provide basic employment and digital skills to Ukrainian refugees, with additional follow up to help connect graduates to job opportunities.

In Poland, we rapidly transformed our Carrots Academy for Women initiative into an upskilling program to provide cybersecurity training to Ukrainian women refugees.

Accenture or another established employer in Poland.

We are an anchor partner in the Sunflower Project a Tent Partnership for Refugees initiative to accelerate economic inclusion of Ukrainian refugee women across Europe through direct hiring, training and upskilling programs, mentoring and additional support.

We are helping YMCA Europe establish community hubs in Ukraine, Romania, Moldova and Slovakia to help internally displaced people and refugees connect with local communities and resources, including access to safe and secure skill development and support.

The program is expected to provide more than 10,000 participants with holistic support and to be a replicable offering that will encourage other organizations to co fund and replicate this approach across Europe.

Ukrainian women refugee job seekers aligned to their skills and experiences.

Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic.

We matched 100% of the 1.75 million in donations from our people.

Business offering, ADP collaborates with private sector clients to drive sustainable impact at scale to support their environmental, social and governance goals.

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) improving lives around the world.

Key focus areas include agriculture climate and environment energy gender, inclusion and diversity health and nutrition humanitarian aid and refugees inclusive financial services and products and access to quality education and sustainable livelihoods.

In fiscal 2022, ADP led more than 270 engagements in approximately 80 countries.

We are working with Uganda based Mandulis Energy, which is now developing the largest grid tied biogas facility in Africa, on a digital transformation journey to optimize and expand its circular bioenergy model.

The company converts agricultural waste purchased from refugee and emerging farmers into clean electricity and biogas, while.

We helped The Human Safety Net, the philanthropic arm of Generali Group, a global insurance and asset management company based in Italy, better serve young families and migrants by developing new ways to think about inclusive insurance strategies that aim to solve for the protection gap the difference between economic and insured losses which hinders people from building economic resilience.

We collaborated with a major consumer packaged goods use in cement or fertilizer production.

In partnership with Novartis, WHO and the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development’s Working Group on Virtual Health and Care, we are exploring how virtual technologies can help make health care accessible through inclusive policy making and data driven digitalization.

Together with the H M Foundation, we designed and launched a bespoke metaverse experience to educate and change the narrative on planet positive fashion and inspire consumers to adopt a sustainability first mindset.

Creating 360 value across our business not only improves our competitiveness and drives returns for shareholders it also helps us attract, inspire and retain the best people.

We invest in our people and support them with care, compassion and continuous opportunities to learn, grow their skills and advance their careers.

Named one of the World’s Best Workplaces by FORTUNE and Great Place to Work.

Certain subsidiaries, including recent acquisitions, countries with de minimis headcount, temporary employees and interns were excluded from the analysis.

Accenture's vibrant career paths are flexible by design, so that our people are encouraged to develop their skills, bring new ideas, suggest creative solutions and lend their bold, authentic voices to their work.

Our award winning programs include job specific, digital and industry skills training through: 24 7 learning created by Accenture experts and informed by neuroscience based principles leading providers of digital learning content key industry certifications and partnerships with leading universities around the globe.

Across Accenture, people at all levels have opportunities to build leadership capabilities and grow their careers.

Our Technology Quotient (TQ) experience an ongoing technology skills curriculum and learning program supports our belief that everyone working to solve the world’s biggest problems must be comfortable with the emerging technology needs of our digital world.

Our total rewards program is designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression, and to care for our people's needs.

Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to the market where our people work and live.

Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are opportunities for our people to share in the overall success of our company.

As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be rewarded.

Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards, and include health and well being programs that care for our people and their families.

With our digital learning platform, we delivered over 40 million training hours, an increase of 27% from fiscal 2021, with an average of approximately 61 hours of training per person.

We continue to help our people identify and grow their unique skills.

We use algorithms to assess projects and the career opportunities we offer, assisting with staffing needs, job opportunities, tailored learning recommendations and helping our people connect with each other.

Equal pay for equal work We are firmly committed to pay equity and have processes in place to help ensure that our people across gender, race and ethnicity are compensated fairly.

Pay equity at Accenture means that our people receive pay that is fair and consistent when considering similarity of work, location and tenure at their work experience and through certifications and career level.

We have skills data for our people, enabling us to flexibly respond to shifting client needs while also recommending skill specific training and opportunities that align with an individual's interests.

States, the United Kingdom and South Africa, which are the locations where we currently have the data available to use they make through their work.

To help make recognition a daily opportunity, we introduced a new social recognition tool that our people can use to recognize and express gratitude to their colleagues for a job well done, a collaboration or simply displaying grace under pressure.

This new solution has led to four recognition moments given every minute since the system went live.

Additionally, we have a regular review process to validate living wages in the local country context and help ensure we pay 100% of our people a living wage or more, which is above the legally required minimum wage in those countries.

Accenture in the United Kingdom is an accredited real Living Wage employer.

Health, safety and well being first listening framework that helps us understand what matters most to them.

We listen intently to what our people feel and need, and we make decisions based on their input to ensure what we do matches what we say.

The health, safety and well being of our people is our top priority.

We provide our people and their dependents with a comprehensive range of health benefits, from medical, dental and drug coverage to supplemental programs tailored to individual countries.

Ukraine crisis response people of Accenture because when a company ranks highly on Great Place to Work, it is because of what its own people say.

When asked, thousands of our people said Accenture is a great place to work.

As part of our commitment to creating a place where people can achieve their aspirations both professionally and personally, we take a holistic view of well being, which includes physical, mental, emotional and financial well being.

We offer programs and curate experiences, programs and practices to meet our people’s fundamental human needs.

Health Officer and with digital tools and initiatives.

Our commitment includes how we care for our people.

In response to the Ukraine crisis, we introduced a range of support services for our people and their impacted families, along with their extended families who are located in Ukraine.

For example, in the United States we offer a medical travel benefit that covers any medical services that may not be offered within 100 miles of where an Accenture person lives, including a full range of reproductive health care that includes abortion.

This medical travel benefit was in place for many years for transplants and gender affirming care and, in the wake of the Supreme Court of the United States decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, we expanded that benefit to include all eligible medical services.

Employee assistance helpline to help with settlement provided under our programs, policies and plans.

For our people in countries bordering Ukraine, as well as for our people and their extended families who have been impacted by the Ukraine conflict, we provided virtual support sessions focused on coping with trauma.

In India, a Virtual Parental Benefit, launched to support our caregivers during the COVID 19 pandemic, is continuing due to its popularity.

This suite of online learning opportunities for children, available to all of our people in India, includes access to online summer camps, activities and events plus an online child minder and parental coaching.

We continue working to meet our goal that all our locations programs Thriving Mind (skills to support mental resilience), assistance programs, public health systems, company are physically accessible.

Thriving Together (learning to build resilience and belonging) sponsored health programs and mental health and wellness offer enablement and advisory services, collaborative and Nourish to Thrive (nutritional strategies for cognitive programs, where relevant.

Our Occupational Health and Safety policy defines the responsibilities of all our people and contractors to keep our work environment healthy and safe, wherever they work drives compliance with applicable laws and regulations and fosters adoption of health and safety management standards across our company.

In fiscal 2022, we launched our Health and Safety program, which includes a global governance model with health and safety professionals covering every country.

Our goal is to bring all our countries to a baseline standard equal to ISO 45001.

Mental health and wellness We strive to create an environment and provide the tools, programs and practices for mental well being.

We continue working to help break the stigma surrounding mental health by fostering a workplace environment where people feel comfortable engaging in open, honest dialogue.

COVID 19 pandemic, macro economic challenges and the humanitarian crisis caused by the war in Europe, through enhanced digital tools and initiatives.

Our Global Assistance and Protection team provides crisis management and security advice and assistance to our people.

The team maintains a 24 7 Global Watch program to assist our people with security risks, health advice and local security alerts covering where they live, work and travel.

Our corporate partnership with Thrive Global, a behavior change platform offering science based solutions to lower stress and enhance well being and productivity, has enabled us to deliver customized workshops to help our people achieve a sense of belonging and purpose.

Through our Mental Health Ally network, thousands of our people serve as ambassadors and advocates who help their colleagues facing mental health challenges find the support they may need.

We offer training to help our people understand the signs that a colleague needs help, how to have a conversation about mental health and the steps to take to support someone in need.

Additionally, we offer a variety of digital tools to support mental health and wellness, including Thrive Global, Talkspace, Calm, Wysa, RethinkCare and Virgin Pulse.

Accenture people and their dependents with a central resource for all of our mental health and wellness offerings.

The site includes a chatbot that helps individuals identify which offering best serves their specific needs.

We are on a journey to offer a foundational set of benefits to all our people, regardless of where they live and work.

Coverage for transgender inclusive health care benefits is accessible to 95% of our people through Accenture sponsored medical plans or government provided plans, where legally allowed or available in the market.

To give our people space to refresh, re energize and enjoy their aspirations.

We offer a suite of benefits that allows our people to optimize their health and know they are truly cared for through time away from the working environment, we offer all our people a minimum of 15 days of paid vacation, inclusive of vacation, non statutory holidays and additional paid time off.

Maternity leave diversity is a business priority by offering benefits that are relevant to our people, ensuring everyone has equal access and opportunity to thrive.

We strive to provide a minimum of 16 weeks paid maternity leave, or the equivalent paid time away, to all birth parents inclusive of dual parental benefits and social subsidies, where available.

This benefit is offered to more than 95% of our people.

Shaping the future of work We have built on what we learned during the COVID 19 pandemic from our people, clients and partners to embrace new ways of working at Accenture.

In fiscal 2022, we brought to life what we call omni connected experiences which level the playing field so everyone can participate fully, regardless of their physical location.

Through these experiences, people are able to forge relationships, create both personal and business value and grow their careers.

We strengthen human connection through our behaviors, digital tools, collaborations in our offices and the culture we create.

Our people and teams have embraced omni connected ways of working.

Equal access to medical plans for our LGBTIQ people and their partners through Accenture sponsored medical plans is offered to 100% of our people where legally allowed or available in the market.

As people returned to working in person, they were welcomed bereavement leave to our people who experience a back into safe, connected and collaborative office spaces.

This benefit is offered to more than 85% of our people, inclusive of statutory requirements.

Excludes Avanade, a joint venture between Accenture and Microsoft that is majority owned by Accenture, and recent acquisitions.

Always do the right thing, in every decision and action.

Lead with excellence, confidence and humility, as demonstrated by being a learner, building great teams and being naturally collaborative.

Exemplify client centricity and a commitment to client value creation.

Act as a true partner, to each other, our clients, our ecosystem partners and our communities committed to shared success.

Care deeply for all of our people to help them achieve their aspirations, professionally and personally.

Live our unwavering commitment to inclusion, diversity and equality, as demonstrated by personal impact and overall results.

Have the courage to change and the ability to bring our people along the journey.

Actively innovate looking across Accenture at what we are doing for clients and externally to partners, competitors, startups, clients, academia and analysts to learn, respectfully challenge our assumptions and apply the innovation, and cultivate and reward our people for doing the same.

In the Philippines, we are working with Passerelles Numeriques to train disadvantaged young people in our communities through a three year program that helps to reach and empower previously untapped pools of talent.

By making this investment, we are widening Accenture’s were 193 graduates all of whom are now employed, diversity of thought and experience, and expanding nine of them by Accenture.

To do so, we partner with governments, nonprofits, community colleges and others to educate, train and support the workforce through apprenticeships and other roles at Accenture.

In Latin America, START is a technology training program that since fiscal 2014 has focused on employability for low income individuals in the communities where we operate.

After a three to four month course, participants are hired into technology roles with Accenture and other employers.

In fiscal 2022, over 900 people were skilled through START, and 113 were employed by Accenture.

Through our North America Apprenticeship Program, since 2016 we have hired, trained, coached and provided career opportunities for untapped talent and people who are reskilling because their jobs are at risk of disruption by technology.

In fiscal 2022, we exceeded our goal for apprenticeship hires to make up 20% of our entry level hiring in North America.

Our apprenticeship program in the United Kingdom provides career opportunities to entry level talent with little or no experience across technology, consulting and human resources.

Solutions Degree Apprenticeship for individuals without a technical background who are looking to gain the skills needed for a career in technology.

In fiscal 2022, we had nearly 200 apprentices in the program, a 93% increase in participation over the prior year.

Our apprenticeship program remains pivotal to boosting our diversity by widening our talent pool to include underrepresented groups.

London cohorts over the last three years, over 30% of the participants were Black, nearly 60% were women and nearly 70% were from low socio economic backgrounds.

Inclusion and diversity is embedded in everything we do in the decisions we make and actions we take and is a key enabler of our business results.

We believe inclusion and diversity is essential for both accessing talent and unleashing innovation.

Highest scoring company on Bloomberg Gender Equality Index.

Recognized among Stonewall Inclusion Diversity Top Global Employers.

For the purposes of this report, racial and ethnic diversity of our directors is based on self reported EEO 1 categories.

Please see our 2022 Proxy Statement for further information.

We treat inclusion and diversity like every other business priority we set goals, share them publicly, collect data to continuously improve and hold our leaders accountable.

We announce our goals because we believe transparency builds trust and holds us to a higher level of accountability.

We expect leaders at all levels to help create and sustain a culture of equality where everyone can achieve their professional and personal aspirations.

Women now represent 47% of our workforce, closing the gap toward our goal to achieve gender parity for those whose gender is binary by 2025.

African American and Black colleagues represent 12.1% of our workforce, achieving our goal to increase African American and Black colleagues from 9% to 12%, ahead of schedule.

African American and Black colleagues represent 4.2% of our managing directors, approaching our goal to increase managing directors from 2.8% to 4.4%.

Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues represent 11.1% of our workforce and 4.5% of our managing directors, on the path to our goal to increase Hispanic American and Latinx colleagues from 9.5% to 13% and managing directors from 3.5% to 4.7%.

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex and queer.

People with different religious and faith based traditions.

We focus on additional areas such as age and social mobility as determined by our local markets.

For the purposes of this report, racial and ethnic diversity of our directors is based on self reported EEO 1 categories.

Please see our 2022 Proxy Statement for further information.

Black colleagues represent 5.1% of our workforce and 12 of our managing directors, on the path to our goal to increase Black colleagues from 4% to 7% and more than double the number of our Black managing directors to 16 or more.

Data in goal statements is reflective of announcement date for the U.S., September 1, 2020, and for the U.K. and South Africa, October 1, 2020.

It includes our people who have self identified their race and ethnicity through our internal channels.

African Black colleagues represent 44.4% of our workforce.

We continue our journey to increase African Black colleagues from 45% to 68%.

Coloured colleagues represent 9.8% of our workforce, on our path to increase Coloured colleagues from 6% to 10%.

African Black, Coloured and Indian managing directors represent 55.5% of our managing directors, on the path to increasing African Black, Coloured and Indian managing directors from 39% to 70% with a focus on African Black and Coloured representation.

Black includes Black Black British colleagues who have self identified as being of African and Caribbean heritage or with dual heritage of White and Black African or White and Black Caribbean.

Coloured is a multiracial ethnic group native to Southern Africa who have ancestry from more than one of the various populations inhabiting the region, including Khoisan, Bantu, Afrikaner, Whites, Austronesian, East Asian or South Asian.

Advancing equality through impact sourcing people with the option to voluntarily share information about themselves such as their legal gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, ethnicity and race, military service veteran status and disability status.

We recognize our people identify in many different ways spanning the multiple dimensions that make each individual unique.

We approach inclusion and diversity with the same discipline and rigor as we do any other business priority we set goals, share them publicly and collect data to continuously improve and hold ourselves accountable.

Internship Program create pathways to careers for qualified, underserved people making them future ready and employable.

These 12 to 24 week experiential internships offer training and on the job learning to transgender people, people with disabilities and women from low income backgrounds.

The goal is to create a diverse talent pool that empowers underrepresented communities.

Both programs had nearly 460 participants in fiscal 2022, with 82% of the participants hired after completing the internship.

Inclusion by design Working to eliminate discrimination in employment and applying our principle of meritocracy when we make decisions about how our people advance are fundamental parts of our commitment.

We treat each other with respect, so everyone feels included and valued for their differences, unique strengths and perspectives.

In addition, we are building inclusion into how we work and how we deliver value to our clients by creating and sustaining groups and networks to create a sense of belonging and a company where: community.

As part of our commitment, we launched Thriving Together: Building Resilience Belonging, a behavior change program focused on building resilience and belonging, which already has been completed by more than 71,000 of our people during fiscal 2022.

We embed inclusion into the fabric of our organization and client work through our work on accessibility, Responsible.

Our leaders are role models for inclusive behavior.

Our people are equipped to be active allies and lead change.

Our policies, practices and processes across the employee life cycle aim to create a level playing field.

Imoh, Specialist Accenture Federal Services, Technology Washington D.C., United States for equal opportunities.

Leadership development bold goals to accelerate gender equality.

We achieved our goal of 25% women managing directors by the end of 2020 and set a new goal of 30% by 2025.

We act on our commitment to gender equality by proactively helping to build a more inclusive talent pipeline.

Our global Women's Executive Leadership program is a two year program tailored to participants’ needs and goals.

Our current cohort includes 165 high performing women the participation of women in society and the economy by who receive individual coaching, strategic networking and our managing directors, 32% of our executives (manager and building high demand tech skills.

We are well on our way to our goal to achieve gender parity for those whose gender is binary by 2025.

We celebrated our 18th annual International Women’s Day across our business with 114 virtual and face to face events in 33 countries, engaging our people, clients and partners.

Building on our Better to Belong research, we examined women’s workplace experiences and how to unlock human potential using our Net Better Off Framework.

Our International Men’s Day celebrations also reinforced our commitment to accelerating gender equality and drove awareness of men’s role in gender equality.

Please see our 2022 Proxy Statement for further information.

The Accenture Technology Center in Poland provided support to people who had fled the war and needed to further their careers in a new country.

Women could join the program regardless of whether they already had IT experience.

We provided them with new coding skills and support so they could restart their careers in a positive environment.

Since the beginning of the program, 73 program participants were promoted and more than 1,200 individual coaching sessions were held.

Across our business, we continue our progress toward our stand against racism and are committed to equality for all goals by increasing our pool of qualified candidates to reflect with zero tolerance for discrimination, bigotry or hate of the diversity of talent in the marketplace.

Set goals to increase race and ethnicity representation by 2025 in our workforce overall and among managing directors in the United States, the United Kingdom and.

Increase our community investments to support economic inclusion.

In 2022, we expanded our efforts for racial and ethnic inclusion across our organization, with a specific focus on increasing awareness in Latin America and Europe.

Inclusive Slate program in the United States helps ensure interviews for all roles include diverse candidates and candidates from underrepresented groups.

In addition to expanding our pool of candidates, we offer engaging leadership journeys to support career success.

For example, in the United Kingdom, we created Engage , a leadership journey for Black employees, their direct managers and sponsors that focuses on culture change and inclusive behaviors across the employee ecosystem.

Hispanic American and Latinx employees, with plans for additional markets.

Color Brave Celebrating Ethnicity in Latin America Color Brave is our racial diversity program and employee network in Brazil, which aims to recruit, retain, develop and promote Black talent by creating a sense of belonging throughout our people’s careers with Accenture.

The program addresses racism inside and outside Accenture through focused interactions with the Black and non Black population.

MaraTon, which embrace technology, innovation and diversity to unlock unexplored and potential markets.

To advance inclusive development and retention, Color Brave conducts learning and listening sessions, focus groups, one on one conversations and anonymous surveys to understand the perceptions and needs of Black and Brown employees.

Additional engagement activities seek to create and celebrate racial awareness.

Brazilian employees have participated in activities to advance their understanding on structural racism, racial literacy, microaggressions and intersectionality.

In addition, Color Brave works with Black Connection, a local effort to connect partners, customers and other organizations to discuss challenges and exchange opportunities for the Black Brown community in Brazil.

We are a partner with Business for Inclusive Growth, a global CEO led coalition of major companies fighting against inequalities of income and opportunity, with the.

Organization for Economic Co operation and Development as its strategic partner, and co created recommendations to drive racial and ethnic inclusion.

Our Chair and CEO Julie Sweet is Board Co Chair of the New York Jobs CEO Council, a nonprofit membership intermediary, working to scale sustainable, market driven workforce development solutions that benefit both job seekers and businesses in New York.

In fiscal 2022, through our Empowering Black Futures learning series, we continued to engage, inspire and motivate students of Black heritage to develop their employability and skills via a series of workshops.

We co created Mobolise, a digital recruitment platform to connect Black talent with career opportunities in the.

United Kingdom's creative and technology fields by enabling access to job opportunities, upskilling, mentoring goal is to place 100,000 low income and diverse New and networking.

In 2021, we launched the Black Founders Development Program (BFD), an initiative to support Black entrepreneurs.

In fiscal 2022, we deployed capital to our first BFD.

Founder engaged more than 20 Founders for investment, partnership exploration, mentorship and pilot projects and hosted more than 10 events to elevate Black Founders inside and beyond Accenture.

We are a founding partner of OneTen, a coalition of leaders working to connect Black talent with career opportunities that do not require a four year degree.

We are a partner with Quirky 30, a nonprofit focused on bringing in demand tech skills and careers support to impoverished communities.

We are a funding partner of Mentec Foundation, which funds industry specific skilling and job creation programs.

Training to combat racism We are steadily making progress by increasing our representation continuing mandatory training on identifying, speaking up and reporting racism and collaborating with communities and other partners to promote equality, fight racism and create more opportunities for employment and advancement.

Ireland, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and Europe, with more locations to come.

We continue to hold sessions to share the lived experiences of people from underrepresented racial and ethnic backgrounds and develop allyship.

During fiscal 2022, in the face of additional tragedies experienced across diverse communities, we held listening sessions and heard from communities across the intersections of race and ethnicity, gender, interfaith and our Pride employee networks.

We denounced hate and affirmed our commitment to join together against hate and violence.

We strive to ensure that our people with disabilities have access to the latest technology, tools and training to succeed in a barrier free workplace.

Neurodiversity Inclusion Council defines our priorities, measures progress and helps advance our disability inclusion agenda.

Our Accommodation Support Tool enables our people with disabilities to easily access assistive technology, flexible work arrangements, sign language interpreters, screen readers and more.

This innovative tool, designed to make the request process easy, private and personalized, is available in 43 countries.

Our award winning Abilities Unleashed disability inclusion leadership development program provides opportunities for our people with disabilities to feel empowered, plan their career journeys, build their network and collaborate across the company.

We continue to create a safe environment for our people with disabilities to self identify and, as of December 1, 2022, more than 11,500 of our people have done so.

Accessibility Centers Our global network of Accessibility Centers offers persons with disabilities and their teams the unique tools, support and technology they need to thrive in their roles.

The centers clients to offer sustainable and inclusive digital channels include a wide range of assistive technology solutions for to their consumers, employees, partners and communities, diverse needs, including hearing, vision, mobility and cognitive helping them increase the reach and revenue of client solutions, and disability prevention technology such as products and services by addressing the digital accessibility ergonomic keyboards.

Importantly, they also offer a space to needs of more than 1 billion people globally living with collaborate and exchange ideas about how we can support some form of disability.

Currently, we have built 34 Accessibility Centers around the world with more to come.

We are working to build accessibility practices into everything we do and to help provide our clients with the tools and the knowledge they need to implement those practices themselves.

We have been on a journey to make interactions with our most heavily used, internally developed enterprise applications as accessible as possible for our people.

Our journey will continue to focus on embedding accessibility requirements into every stage of the enterprise IT life cycle.

Technology Centers in India help us work with our clients to embed accessibility into their solutions through inclusive and accessible design.

They offer a wide range of specialized services to help clients strategize, design and build inclusive applications conduct audits on existing applications and remediate for compliance with A, AA and AAA level Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.

We partnered with PurpleSpace’s global Purple Light Up initiative to celebrate the contributions of our people with disabilities, lighting up 29 of our locations.

Our neurodiversity employee network grew to over 900 members globally as of October 2022.

Our employee network is partnering with our Global Inclusion Diversity team to drive new, employee led efforts to increase neurodiversity awareness and education.

Equal access to medical plans for LGBTIQ employees and their partners through Accenture sponsored medical plans is offered to 100% of our people where legally allowed or available in the market.

We offer coverage for transgender inclusive health care to.

Our people are given the resources and training they need to plans or government provided plans, where legally allowed collaborate and work effectively across cultures.

Our Pride at Accenture community has more than 90 or available in the market.

The networks are instrumental in driving progress toward our talent strategy goals, supporting recruitment initiatives and talent development activities, as well as collaborating externally with our ecosystem partners.

We promote cross cultural diversity throughout the year about themselves such as their gender identity and sexual by profiling stories of our champions and trainers and local orientation.

Additionally, our people can share their pronouns activities including observing World Day for Cultural Diversity their work and passion in this space.

We provide specialized training, networking support and mentoring for our LGBTIQ people and help promote a workplace where everyone feels they belong and can thrive.

Advocating for equality We are proud to be recognized as a corporate leader that supports LGBTIQ people and the broader community.

To be inclusive of LGBTIQ people and all other sexual orientations, gender identities or gender expressions around the world: the World Economic Forum and the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.

Standards of Conduct for Business: Tackling Discrimination against Lesbian, Gay, Bi, Trans, Intersex People.

We have been recognized among the Stonewall Top Global Employers for seven years, and our Pride at Accenture employee network was named 2022 Network of the Year.

Through our responsible buying approach, we set an example by advancing inclusive procurement practices.

We help our clients, partners and suppliers learn and improve how to design and implement inclusion and diversity in their own supply chain.

Leveraging purchasing power for change empowers businesses throughout the ecosystem, including suppliers and buyers, and can also breed innovation.

Supplier Inclusion Sustainability Program Our buying approach influences key initiatives such as our award winning Supplier Inclusion Sustainability Program, dedicated to promoting the inclusion of people who may be excluded from the labor market for physical, social or cultural reasons.

The program scope includes minority , ethnic and women owned businesses the LGBTIQ community persons with disabilities veterans refugees and people living away from economic centers.

We categorize diverse suppliers as minority women small and medium sized (SME) service disabled veteran veteran historically underutilized people with disabilities and LGBTIQ enterprises.

We support broader inclusion through direct recruitment, agreements with vendors and in collaboration with other organizations.

Supplier inclusion sustainability in action Our Supplier Inclusion Sustainability Program is in 22 countries in fiscal 2022, with additional countries to follow in the year ahead.

We continue to evolve this program with digitalization efforts, leveraging technology tools such as our Sustainable Procurement Hub (The Hub) to streamline activities such as supplier environmental, social and governance assessments.

DSDP mentees gain a diversity informed understanding of their business and demonstrate their progress as a diverse supplier by completing business health assessments and quarterly progress reports throughout the 18 month program.

In fiscal 2021, we set a new DSDP goal to graduate 250 diverse suppliers by the end of fiscal 2023.

By the end of fiscal 2022, a total of 217 had graduated.

Our goal is to create a culture of shared knowledge, experiences and resources to drive collaborative successes.

Medium Enterprise Digital Ecosystem Platform, a digital tool co developed with a DSDP graduate in South Africa, to a pro bono partnership with the National Council for People with Disability, enabling the South African NGO to deliver a 12 month entrepreneurship program to businesses owned by people with disabilities.

Our efforts in South Africa also include investing in and cultivating SME suppliers and continuing to engage our DSDP graduates as suppliers.

We monitor our diverse spend with suppliers to understand our progress throughout the year.

Accenture and Microsoft that is majority owned by Accenture.

Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment (B BBEE) Act.

We understand the importance and see the value of increasing diverse, inclusive procurement spending for its far reaching impact.

B BBEE Level 1 recognition for the fifth consecutive year.

In fiscal 2022, our procurement spend with Black women owned enterprises in South Africa increased to 57%, again exceeding the B BBEE target of 12%.

Additionally, our spend with Black owned SMEs was more than 63%, against a target of 30%.

Our procurement spend in South Africa with Black owned suppliers increased to 61% from 60% in the previous year, surpassing the target of 50%.

For the first time we are also reporting diverse spend in India.

In fiscal 2022, our spend with diverse businesses including small and medium businesses was 23%.

Collaboration with other organizations Our Supplier Inclusion Sustainability Program supports inclusive procurement practices through direct recruitment of suppliers and partnerships with vendors and organizations.

States, provides a local partnership for a diverse set of program applicants.

We also co develop thought leadership on emerging trends in procurement for diverse suppliers.

Business Enterprise National Council, the National LGBT people living away from economic centers.

Directors and serving on Executive Committees, as well as co founding organizations.

WEConnect International, which connects buyers with women owned businesses, enabling them to compete in the global marketplace.

Development Committee and local Advisory Councils allows us to drive awareness of, and opportunities for, women owned businesses around the world.

In addition, we are a founding partner of and hold a Board seat on the European LGBTIQ Chamber of Commerce.

We continue to support its work to build a pan European collaboration that unlocks opportunities for the LGBTIQ business community and provide connections with potential clients.

Our support includes strategic advice, certification and building a strong corporate member base.

Practices to benchmark and shape suppliers’ strategies.

Accenture helps our clients including many of the world’s leading companies and governments navigate change, seize opportunities and transform into thriving organizations.

By staying close to them, understanding and anticipating their needs, and investing in solutions to help them, we create tangible value.

More than 75% of the FORTUNE Global 500 are Accenture clients.

We define 360 value as delivering the financial business case and unique value a client may be seeking, and striving to partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on inclusion and diversity, reskill and upskill our clients’ employees, help our clients achieve their sustainability goals, and create meaningful experiences, both with Accenture and for the customers and employees of our clients.

Creating value for clients We deliver meaningful value for our clients through our industry specific solutions, services and skills across industries.

Delivering 360 value helps our clients become the next and myNav and SynOps.

Building their digital core such as moving them to the cloud, leveraging data and artificial intelligence, and embedding security across the enterprise.

Optimizing their operations such as helping our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce costs as well best versions of themselves.

Value Meter framework with almost 600 Accenture clients worldwide to monitor and measure the value we are creating together.

Through this approach, we believe we can better embrace change across our own organization and make a positive impact for all our stakeholders our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

Growing client relationships Throughout fiscal 2022, we expanded our largest and longest client relationships.

As we deepen our relationships with our clients, we are also growing their numbers, and now serve over 9,000 clients across more than 120 countries.

Innovating for growth We are committed to developing leading edge ideas and leveraging emerging technologies, and we see innovation as a source of competitive advantage.

R D to help clients address new realities in the marketplace and to face the future with confidence.

Accelerating their revenue growth such as through imagine their future, build and co create innovative business using technology and creativity to drive more personalized strategies and technology solutions, and then scale those connections, experiences and targeted sales at scale, solutions to sustain innovation.

We harness our unique leveraging data and AI, transforming content supply chains intellectual property to deliver these innovation services.

Talent as companies must be able to access great talent, be talent creators not just consumers, and unlock the.

Accenture one of the leading strategic innovation partners for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

Our strategy defines the areas in which we will drive growth, work, to their culture, to their employee value proposition.

To better define and communicate how we create value for our clients as well as for our people, shareholders, partners and communities we continue to build on the purpose, strategy and brand expression we introduced in fiscal 2021.

Brand expression We celebrate and show the world the extraordinary things we do for clients today and create energy, excitement and momentum for everything we can do together tomorrow.

Sustainability as consumers, employees, business partners, regulators and investors are demanding companies move from commitment to action we believe every business must be a sustainable business.

The metaverse continuum moving seamlessly between virtual and physical, which we believe will provide even greater possibilities in the next waves of digital transformation.

The ongoing technology revolution from the rich innovation to come in the powerful technologies being used to transform companies today, to the new fields of the future, from quantum computing to science and space technology.

We are investing and co creating with our clients and partners to help businesses thrive across these forces.

Total enterprise reinvention as we believe every part of every business must be transformed by technology,.

The strong demand we continue to see across our geographic markets, services and industries is being apart and guides us, capturing the energy and inspiring data and AI, with new ways of working and engaging primarily driven by total enterprise reinvention and talent, nature of the work we do.

We believe that helping clients navigate all five key forces of change will, in turn, drive our growth and ability to deliver accelerate growth.

Accenture harnesses the best of technology, data, creativity and innovation to reimagine experience for our people, clients and partners.

Our people submitted 1,400 ideas for our Sustainability Innovation Challenge, which is expanding to include students in 2023.

Accenture strives to provide our people with a work environment that is positive, respectful and inclusive, with opportunities to use their time and talents to volunteer and innovate.

Our people are passionate about getting involved and applying their skills to make a difference.

It matters to them that they work for a company that offers meaningful opportunities to give back.

Global volunteering Offered across multiple geographies, our global volunteering efforts give our people the opportunity to make a difference at scale often working virtually alongside colleagues from around the world.

Almost 2,000 Accenture people from more than 100 cities have participated in the indexing and extraction of documents, further improving our AI based solution and helping to keep names and stories alive.

Our process is global volunteering opportunities, both virtual and in person, estimated to be 40 times faster with AI than without and in addition to wider opportunities to act for social and has organized more than 2.7 million documents into a digital environmental impact.

During the second half of 2022, our volunteering program progressively included in person events in most countries, while continuing to offer virtual volunteering.

This allowed our people more options to continue making a positive impact helping our nonprofit partners.

Through Legal Access, our global pro bono program, Accenture legal professionals respond to urgent needs for pro bono service.

Afghan evacuees in the United States and completed more than 700 hours of legal research to support programs helping survivors of domestic violence, children deprived of liberty, and LGBTIQ individuals seeking asylum.

Our volunteers have contributed over 4,800 pro bono hours across 80 pro bono projects since the program began in 2020.

Through Coolest Projects, a leading technology showcase for young people, CoderDojo fosters creativity while opening students’ eyes to STEM careers.

Accenture volunteers in seven countries helped participants explore Scratch, web, mobile apps, games and advanced programming to bring their tech inspired ideas to life.

Local volunteering We also recognize that our people want to contribute close to home and respond to needs in their local communities.

Our volunteers helped senior citizens in Spain learn how to use mobile devices and applications through Senior Hackers events, where participants explored using tech to stay connected.

In India, we mobilized teams of more than 8,400 volunteers to participate in the Green Edition of our Empower Run 2022.

For every 40,000 steps covered by each team, Accenture planted a mangrove tree, resulting in a total of 31,700 trees planted in the area of the Sundarbans.

In October 2022, in the spirit of walking for truth and reconciliation, Accenture people throughout Canada organized their first Walk for Wenjack event in partnership with the Gord Downie Chanie Wenjack Fund (DWF).

Indigenous and non Indigenous people came together to remember the legacy of residential schools, which forcibly separated Indigenous children from their families and prohibited them from acknowledging their heritage, culture or language.

Accenture has also partnered with DWF to launch six Legacy Spaces in our offices throughout Canada by 2024.

Legacy Spaces are safe, welcoming places dedicated to providing education and spreading awareness about Indigenous history and our journey of reconciliation.

Our ongoing Eco Action initiative helps our people nurture their passion for environmental sustainability.

We continue to partner with Count Us In, a global movement that is building the largest and most ambitious citizen led effort to avert the impacts of climate change.

During COP26 we hosted multiple sessions to raise awareness, including an all people Eco Action event to inspire our people to act for impact in a variety of ways.

On Earth Day, our people and our partners at Microsoft and Avanade collaborated on joint live events with.

Local Eco Action events throughout the year included more than 175 of our people in Australia and New Zealand helping nonprofit organizations plant more than 5,500 plants and trees.

We offer year round learning opportunities such as monthly.

Eco Action Clubs, at which we discuss environmental topics and the corporate and individual actions to address them, hints and tips in Eco Smart Choices postcards, and our Sustainability Quotient courses.

More than 120,000 of our people were eco engaged across the globe this year, participating in learning, volunteering, innovating and taking action to reduce their personal environmental footprints.

Innovation is at the heart of how we serve our clients, and how we engage our people on sustainability issues.

With the belief that anyone can be a social innovator, we work with our clients and ecosystem partners to harness and accelerate innovative ideas with us and nurture the next generation of innovators.

Innovation Challenge, the Social Innovators Accelerator program and Social Innovation Learning opportunities.

They receive consistent support to advance their innovations, including mentoring from founders of Accenture acquisitions and investments, our Social Innovators Accelerator coaches and a brain trust of sustainability leaders from our clients and partners including startups, NGOs and nonprofits, and academia.

A panel of jurors featuring leaders from across Accenture and our clients select the winning innovations with the most potential for implementation and impact.

CERU, a flexible learning platform providing educators with resources to monitor students’ eco impact and inspire next generation sustainable thinkers.

WOTER, a marketplace for water exchange to extend the life of water by trading recycled wastewater and.

From connections and coaching to funding and execution, our year round Social Innovators Accelerator is designed to implement ideas that address four priority areas: disaster response and humanitarian relief jobs and skills inclusion and diversity and environmental challenges.

We supported 360 innovators across more than 50 projects.

More than 1,000 Accenture people participated in four social innovation learning sessions with global learning provider Hyper Island.

We also piloted a Social Innovation Leadership Immersion with Hyper Island as part of our ongoing education partnership to equip our senior managers, associate directors and managing directors with insights and tools to identify opportunities that can generate positive social reallocating unutilized water.

More than 1,400 ideas were submitted by 2,500 of our people.

Looking ahead, at the Global Citizen Festival in September 2022, we announced that we will invite students around the sustainability skills and pressure test their ideas through rapid world to join us in the 2023 Sustainability Innovation Challenge prototyping, life centered design, 360 value, storytelling and as we continue to support and invest in the next generation of building for scale.

Our internal V360 Awards celebrate Accenture teams that are innovating to deliver 360 value to our clients, company and community, and showcase how we embrace change and deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity.

Client co innovation: co creating with clients to deliver exceptional innovation and value.

Community: living our Stewardship core value, leveraging innovation and driving value for the communities in which we work and live.

Company and people: creating better experiences for our people and our organization as a whole, driving 360 value and distinguishing Accenture as an innovation leader.

Winning teams and their clients were celebrated in an event broadcast to all of Accenture from our global leadership meeting.

Today’s world sees the concept of value more broadly than it ever has.

We are privileged to serve clients who turn to us as a trusted partner for the multidimensional value we deliver.

We call this 360 value, which is based on the differentiating experience delivered, with a focus on sustainability goals and the benefits for people, communities, shareholders and key partners in addition to financial performance.

This framework fuels our ability to be a trusted partner with strong, enduring relationships with many of the world’s leading companies and governments.

In fiscal 2022, we had 100 clients with quarterly bookings greater than 100 million compared to 72 last fiscal year.

The number of Accenture’s Diamond clients our largest client relationships continues to grow significantly, as the value we deliver for leading organizations fosters their ability to thrive and deepens our bond.

We concluded fiscal 2022 with 267 Diamond clients, up from 229 last fiscal year growth that demonstrates the trust and confidence our clients have in us.

Our 360 Value Meter is helping our clients become the next for delivering on large, complex programs that drive tangible and best versions of themselves.

We use this framework with value is reflected in our client retention, with 99 of our more than 600 Accenture clients worldwide, up from more top 100 clients having been with Accenture for more than than 300 a year ago, to monitor and measure the value we are a decade.

Additionally, 70% of our new bookings are sole creating together.

The 360 Value Meter helps us have more sourced representing the deep trust our clients have in our complete and meaningful client conversations on value.

Accenture builds powerful partnerships that make a profound impact on our clients’ business, their employees and customers, and the communities they operate within.

Aligning on our purpose, to deliver 360 value by embracing change, drives greater impact for our clients and more meaningful work for our people.

We increasingly understand that our strategy, and the enhanced definition of value, needs to be measured and communicated, so that we can hold ourselves accountable and can mutually benefit from this unique concept with our clients.

First, we listen to our clients, seeking to understand what they value while looking across value dimensions for opportunities to drive more value.

Inclusion Diversity, Custom, Experience and Financial.

We then commit to measurable outcomes that we drive together and continually assess our progress toward our shared goals.

We continuously talk about the value we are creating as a team and co creating with our clients at every opportunity building a shared narrative of what we are achieving together.

A focus on delivering financial expectations and outcomes to measure business impact with relationships to other dimensions within the framework.

Our 360 Value Meter enables regular, relevant and meaningful conversations with our clients on value, and builds trust and a deeper understanding about what our clients value most.

Expanding awareness of how value is driven and delivered accelerates progress and lasting change.

Our results consider multidimensional value from the beginning to provide the best possible results for our clients and drive the most impact on their business performance, for our shared success.

For example, at the outset of the COVID 19 pandemic, many clients in the travel space at first focused on the Financial as well as Experience dimensions, and Accenture's approach helped enable a 360 value orientation to consider the other key dimensions.

As the industry returned to growth, with this came a renewed focus on Sustainability and Talent Organization dimensions.

All through the process, the Inclusion Diversity dimension guided the strongest possible strategy and helped teams to drive maximum value.

Experience Helping our clients define experience led business transformation by rethinking and redesigning customer interactions and measuring across sub dimensions of employees and partners.

Measuring across sub dimensions of environmental, social and governance aligned to a client’s sustainability journey and goals.

Better defining the need for future skills and how to upskill quickly and sustainably.

Supporting I D by addressing Accenture’s team diversity and culture, that of our clients and their I D agenda, and how we co create to deliver inclusive and accessible design solutions.

The custom dimension reflects the client specific priorities and or initiatives that extend beyond the other five dimensions.

Accenture's Custom dimension is referred to as Client.

Discover: If you have a problem and choose to keep it to yourself, it will of Accenture, which has extensive experience in implementing inevitably become your problem.

Share it, and it becomes our core platforms for global operations.

It’s the old proverb, If you want to go fast, go alone.

I really feel like we’ve got a technology platform and a partnership with Accenture to achieve them.

We can centralize data and make the best use of this technology to create a business platform that supports visualization and bold data driven decision making.

In collaboration with Accenture and other internal and external partners, Astellas will continue to focus on creating innovations that contribute to the health of people around the world.

Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited: Our efforts to modernize our data AI platform is yielding great business results.

Over the years we have built an advanced capability that is highly competitive.

Accenture has been a valuable partner throughout this journey.

We look forward to continuing the journey toward a data driven reinvention.

Partner awards Our partners recognized the power of our relationships in delivering business value for our clients in fiscal 2022.

Salesforce: The Salesforce and Accenture sustainability partnership has never been stronger.

We share a commitment to leveraging our business as a platform for change and a history of jointly solving the toughest business challenges.

Together, we help our joint customers embed sustainability into the core of their businesses, go net zero faster and drive sustained growth.

Accenture to help our customers achieve value for all of their stakeholders.

Microsoft: Our decades long alliance with Accenture and Avanade is stronger than ever, and we continue to build on our collaboration to help customers overcome extraordinary capabilities and deliver distinctive business value to our clients.

Blue Yonder: Global Most Valuable Partner of the Year disruption and lead their industries into the future.

Microsoft: Global System Integrators Partner of the Year our communities.

Microsoft and UNICEF’s Generation Unlimited, among other leading private and public sector organizations, as a founding partner of Passport to Earning (P2E).

Salesforce: Four MuleSoft Partner of the Year Awards (MuleSoft is a Salesforce company) they need to secure in demand roles and opportunities for improved livelihoods.

In its initial three year phase, P2E intends to equip 10 million young people with skills essential for employment.

Analysts acknowledged our success and the value we provide through inclusion in leadership rankings in fiscal 2022.

Accenture delivered outstanding financial results in fiscal 2022, with significant market share gains, sustained profitability, record earnings growth, and excellent free cash flow, driving superior shareholder value.

These strong financial results allow us to deliver 360 value for all our stakeholders.

A 17% increase from 9.16 in fiscal 2021, and a 22% increase from adjusted fiscal 2021 EPS of 8.80, which excluded 0.36 in gains on an investment.

These strong financial results allow us to deliver 360 value for our stakeholders our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

We again gained significant market share, expanded our operating margin by 10 basis points, increased earnings per share to 10.71, a 22% increase over adjusted fiscal 2021 earnings per share, and returned 6.6 billion to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases.

Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates.

A 17% increase from 9.16 in fiscal 2021, and a 22% increase from adjusted fiscal 2021 EPS of 8.80, which excluded 0.36 in gains on an investment.

We invested 1.1 billion in research and development in our serve the needs of our clients across their enterprises and assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions to over time, helping them build their digital core, optimize extend our capabilities while protecting our innovative and their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance differentiated technology solutions through more than 8,300 citizen services creating tangible value at speed and scale.

Technology is at the core of change today, and we are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem relationships.

We combine our strength in technology with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability.

Technology, Operations, Industry X and Accenture Song.

These capabilities, together with our culture of shared success and commitment to creating 360 value, enable us to help our clients succeed and build trusted, lasting relationships.

We measure our success by the 360 value we create for our clients, each other, our shareholders, partners and communities.

We invested 1.1 billion in the training and development of our people to provide meaningful opportunities to grow and learn, while allowing us to quickly pivot to changing markets and client needs.

Deliver strong earnings growth with sustainable modest margin expansion while investing at scale and.

Drive strong cash flow and deploy it through disciplined capital allocation, including returning significant cash to shareholders.

We remain committed to ongoing investments in our business and our 738,000 people serving clients across 120 countries.

Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity.

And more than ever, we are committed to creating 360 value in every direction.

In fiscal 2022, we deployed 3.4 billion across 38 acquisitions that are well balanced across markets, services and strategic priorities.

Our commitment extends in all directions from enabling our clients to drive change faster and at scale, to creating enduring shareholder value, to investing in our business and the careers and growth goals of our people.

Defined as cash dividends of 2.5 billion and share repurchases of 4.1 billion.

Financial results in local currency are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period’s foreign currency exchange rates.

Accountability and transparency are priorities for Accenture and part of the foundation on which we build trust with our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.

This report explores how we are creating 360 value for our stakeholders.

We detail our sustainability goals, progress and performance across our global operations during fiscal 2022 (ended August 31, 2022), unless otherwise noted.

We also integrate our financial and environmental, social and governance (ESG) reporting to show how we create value for our clients and for our company.

Our previous reports are available on accenture.com.

We disclose our key ESG metrics in our performance data table, including data from the last four years.

More information about how we create 360 value, including our global ESG activities, is in our 360 Value Reporting Experience.

Accenture has responded to the CDP Climate Change questionnaire since 2007, and we ask our key suppliers to do the same.

Founded in 2000, CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) is a not for profit charity that runs a global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts.

We continue to align with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards as a basis for disclosure.

GRI Standards help businesses, governments and other organizations understand and communicate their impacts on ESG issues.

They are regularly reviewed to ensure they reflect global best practices for sustainability reporting and help us respond to the needs of our stakeholders and regulators.

Accenture has aligned with GRI disclosures and produced a GRI Content Index since our 2008 2009 Corporate Citizenship Report.

We have reported in alignment with The Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) since 2018 to CDP's climate change program.

The Financial Stability Board established TCFD in 2015 to move the climate disclosure agenda forward by emphasizing the link between climate related risk and financial stability.

Accenture has been a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) since January 2008.

This year we will transition to the UNGC's new reporting framework beginning in March 2023 to communicate the progress we have made during the prior fiscal year in implementing the Ten Principles of the UNGC and supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

The framework is intended to help companies to align their mainstream reporting on performance against ESG indicators, with the near term objective of bringing greater comparability and consistency to the reporting of ESG disclosures.

Accenture has been involved in the initiative since its launch and signed the CEO Letter of Commitment in support of the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, which was showcased at the Davos Dialogues in January 2021.

We continually assess our ESG priorities based on their importance to our business and our stakeholders.

Management program and other related impacts on our people and global operations.

We also refreshed our priorities to account for the potential implications of critical issues, such as the ongoing effects of our work around communities in crisis and refugees and the need for an increased focus on health, well being, workers and workplaces.

We continued to use specialist third party software to conduct detailed benchmarking and analysis of recent and emerging ESG issues across peers, competitors and other organizations.

We interviewed key stakeholders including ecosystem partners, NGOs, academics and other external stakeholders so they could comment on our draft ESG priorities and rank them in terms of importance.

We worked with our Investor Relations team to understand the investor input that was captured through our annual shareholder outreach process.

We worked directly with our senior leaders to identify possible changes to our ESG priorities.

We reviewed the latest insights on ESG issues from relevant.

We conducted interviews with Accenture business leads nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), industry bodies and subject matter experts across areas such as human and academia frameworks and good practices, such as capital, risk, environment and innovation.

Focus groups across our markets helped us capture what and the SDG Ambition benchmarks.

We analyzed our clients’ ESG requests and emerging priorities (e.g., as part of proposals or supplier compliance reviews).

Second priority SDGs for Accenture’s operations and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of all countries.

SDGs we may impact more indirectly and gross domestic product.

Development, complemented by multi stakeholder partnerships that mobilize and share knowledge, expertise, technology and financial resources, to support the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.

Compact and its critical work to advance sustainability, equality and human rights reflecting our core values and our commitment to ethical leadership.

We are committed to the Ten Principles of the UNGC, and to ongoing efforts to help grow businesses' contributions to the Sustainable Development Goals.

Notes: The impact of certain priorities may extend across environment, social and governance.

The issues in bold represent our highest ESG priorities and are included in our GRI Content Index.

To inform our approach, align more closely with stakeholder expectations and improve our reporting, we regularly seek input on our goals, progress and performance from a variety of internal and external stakeholder groups.

FORTUNE Most Powerful Women Chair CEO Julie Sweet No.

DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity in the U.S. No.

BrandZ Most Valuable Global Brands Increased brand value 28% to 82.6B, ranked No.

Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Received top score in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico and U.S.

Business Today India’s Best Companies to Work For No.

Interbrand Best Global Brands Increased brand value 15% to 20.41B, ranked No.

FORTUNE and Great Place to Work World’s Best Workplaces No.

The following table quantifies our progress since fiscal 2020 on key non financial indicators.

Unless specified, all metrics are global in scope, reported on a fiscal year basis, consistent with previously reported figures and cover those of our consolidated entities.

All data are consolidated from performance management systems across multiple Accenture teams and vetted through an internal controls process, which includes senior leadership, to confirm they provide an accurate representation of Accenture’s non financial performance.

Accenture's gender equality and race and ethnicity data as of and for the period ended December 1, 2022, has been reviewed by an independent third party accountant.

Refer to the Independent Accountants' Review report for more information.

Gender metrics reflect people who have self identified as binary.

Metrics do not include Avanade, a joint venture between Accenture and Microsoft that is majority owned by Accenture.

Executives comprises our managers, senior managers, associate directors, managing directors, senior managing directors and members of our Global Management Committee.

Managing Directors comprises our managing directors, senior managing directors and members of our Global Management Committee.

New Hires reflect employees hired during the twelve months ended December 1, 2022, and the eleven months ended December 1, 2021.

In 2020, Accenture reported new hires for the twelve months ending December 31.

Race and ethnicity metrics for 2020 are reflective of the goal announcement date for the U.S., September 1, 2020, and for the U.K. and South Africa, October 1, 2020.

For U.K. metrics, Black includes Black Black British colleagues who have self identified as being of African and Caribbean heritage or with dual heritage of White and Black African or White and Black Caribbean.

For South Africa metrics, Coloured is a multiracial ethnic group native to Southern Africa who have ancestry from more than one of the various populations inhabiting the region, including Khoisan, Bantu, Afrikaner, Whites, Austronesian, East Asian or South Asian.

Substantive Life Improvement includes both people skilled to get a job or build a business as well as lives improved in the Next Generation cohort (people between the ages of 8 14), as reported by our Skills to Succeed partners.

Accenture Foundations refers to independent charitable organizations that bear the Accenture name.

Accenture sponsored Time Skills’ Programs comprise Accenture Development Partnerships, pro bono consulting and paid volunteering projects.

Prior years have been restated due to a change in methodology for Scope 3 emissions.

CO2 emissions related to Office Electricity reflect a market based (MBM) accounting approach which includes the impact of renewable electricity contracts and residual mix factors.

Accenture's carbon emissions for fiscal 2022 have been reviewed by an independent third party accountant.

Refer to the Independent Accountants' Review report for more information.

Beginning in fiscal 2022, we updated the presentation to reflect the sources of our emissions by Scope.

Prior periods have been adjusted to conform to the current year presentation.

Electronic waste (e waste) includes laptops and workstations and excludes Avanade, a joint venture between Accenture and Microsoft that is majority owned by Accenture.

Other consists of the following diverse organizations: Veteran, Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise, Historically Black Colleges and Universities and LGBTI.

Prior year balances exclude Avanade, a joint venture between Accenture and Microsoft that is majority owned by Accenture.

These statements involve a number are subject to numerous and evolving risks and uncertainties that we may not be able to predict of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially or assess.

In some cases, we may determine to adjust our commitments, goals or targets, from those expressed or implied.

For a more detailed discussion of these factors, see the or establish new ones to reflect changes in our business, operations or plans.

Condition and Results of Operations in our most recent Form 10 K filed with the SEC.

Our forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them, notwithstanding any historical practice of doing so.

Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.

This document makes reference to marks owned by third parties.

All such third party marks are the property of their respective owners.

Unless expressly stated, no sponsorship, endorsement or approval of this content by the owners of such marks is intended, expressed or implied.

All amounts throughout this report are stated in U.S. dollars, except where noted.

Accenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world’s leading businesses, governments and other organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance citizen services creating tangible value at speed and scale.

We are a talent and innovation led company with 738,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries.

Technology is at the core of change today, and we are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem relationships.

We combine our strength in technology with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability.

These capabilities, together with our culture of shared success and commitment to creating 360 value, enable us to help our clients succeed and build trusted, lasting relationships.

We measure our success by the 360 value we create for our clients, each other, our shareholders, partners and communities.

Accenture and its logo are registered trademarks of Accenture.