Delivering on our company purpose means reimagining the future together At AB InBev, our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations.

With longevity comes a perspective and vision that enable us to adopt a larger sense of leadership.

In 2022, against a backdrop of converging global challenges from climate change to economic pressures, we continued to prioritize collaboration and innovation to inspire action toward a future with more cheers.

Whether it is our 100 Accelerator efforts to pilot and scale innovative solutions, our Eclipse platform on climate with some of the world’s largest packaging and raw materials suppliers or our work with the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) to create safer roads, we believe in the power of partnerships and innovation.

Our environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy is designed to enable our commercial vision and fulfill our company purpose We remain committed to the principles of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact, and we continue to invest in our strategic ESG priorities: Smart Drinking Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Entrepreneurship, Diversity, Equity Inclusion and Ethics Transparency.

Our efforts earned us the World Environment Center’s Gold Medal Award for International Corporate Achievement in Sustainable Development, and we were recognized with a double A score from CDP for our corporate transparency and performance on climate change and water security.

We were also included in the 2022 Fortune Change the World List for our leadership in water stewardship.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Beer is inclusive, natural and local Our vibrant value chain is deeply rooted in local communities and natural ecosystems around the world.

From thousands of farmers to millions of retailers to our colleagues across the world, we strive to improve livelihoods and increase access to opportunity.

We are transforming the traditional sales model through our business to business (B2B) platform, BEES, by empowering more than 3.1 million small and medium sized retailers in 20 countries with tools, technologies and training to narrow the digital and financial inclusion gaps in countless communities.

Our inclusivity also extends to our product offerings for a more diverse consumer base with a no and lower alcohol beer (NABLAB) portfolio of 90 brands.

With products made from simple ingredients and fermentation processes, we are a company based in nature.

We continue to invest in nature based solutions to help address challenges such as water stress, climate change and biodiversity loss.

Going beyond our ingredients, our processes are also increasingly powered by nature.

We are proudly brewing with 100% renewable electricity from solar and wind power in many markets around the world.

Beer is a formidable engine for economic growth, sustaining more than 23 million jobs around the world.

We invest in our business and, therefore, contribute to the social and economic development of local communities.

Beer is also a driving force for promoting social norms centered on responsibility and moderation.

We promote Smart Drinking through our community efforts, social norms marketing and one of the world’s largest voluntary guidance labeling initiatives.

At the heart of our efforts is a steadfast commitment to our people We are grateful for our colleagues, who demonstrated sustained passion, innovation, resilience and a commitment to safety in 2022.

We are humbled to see that our annual Employee Engagement Index increased to reach an all time high (89%) in a challenging year.

In recognition of our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), we were honored to be named to the 2023 Bloomberg Gender Equality index.

A future with more cheers is shared prosperity for our communities, for the planet and for our company We are proud to lead the way to that future and to be a next generation business today.

We hope our purpose is evident throughout this report and we are excited to share with you our aspirations and progress related to our ESG priorities.

As always, we welcome your feedback and partnership.

Please join us as we dream big to create a future with more cheers.

The remaining investment figures are under review.

Total investment could potentially change based on results of external assurance process results.

We are proud to have our ESG efforts recognized by leading rating and ranking agencies and awards organizations.

To us, a future with more cheers is shared prosperity for our communities, for the planet and for our company.

It is growth that is inclusive, value that is shared and wins for the world that are truly worth celebrating.

Our 2022 ESG Report provides visibility on how we are bringing our vision of creating a future with more cheers to life.

This report not only provides an update on key issues, but also illustrates initiatives local teams and management have implemented.

It also includes our governance and policies that support our goals and programs and promote the highest standards of business integrity and ethics.

Unless otherwise noted, this report covers the fully consolidated companies included in the financial scope of our 2022 Annual Report.

Our reporting considers key non financial indicators and guidance from frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the UN Guiding Principles reporting framework, CDP Water and Climate, the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).

We have included several of these frameworks in this report (pages 82 100).

As a proud member of the United Nations Global Compact for nearly two decades, we work to support the achievement of the UN SDGs.

We contribute directly to most of these goals through sustainability goals, aspirations and initiatives across our value chain.

For more information on the types of actions we are taking to advance specific SDG indicators, please see the UN SDGs index on page 88 of this report.

For purposes of our ESG reporting, we have conducted from time to time, and may continue to conduct, a materiality assessment to assess the input of our stakeholders, which differs from how we approach disclosures (including the assessment of materiality) in our financial reporting obligations under applicable law.

This report includes certain information and describes potential future events, which may be significant, but any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality for disclosure in our financial reporting.

This report contains forward looking statements regarding estimations into the future.

These generally include words and or phrases such as will likely result , aims to , will continue , is anticipated , it is estimated , anticipate , estimate , project , result , is predicted , may , might , could , believe , expect , plan , potential or other similar expressions.

These statements are subject to uncertainties and are out of scope of assurance.

These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.

All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward looking statements.

You should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements.

Actual results may differ from those stated in this report due to, but not limited to, the impact of climate change, water stress, financial distress, negative publicity, our ability to hire and or retain the best talent, emerging regulations, reputation of our brands, the ability to make acquisitions and or divest divisions, access to capital, volatility in the stock market, exposure to litigation and other associated risks not mentioned, as well as risks identified in our Form 20 F filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and other reports furnished on Form 6 K, and any other documents that AB InBev has made public.

Additional information about AB InBev’s climate and water risks and management and performance of those risks is available through CDP.

Any forward looking statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations.

Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Unless explicitly stated otherwise, documents referenced or and hyperlinks found herein are for informational purposes only and are not incorporated by reference into this report.

Our portfolio of more than 500 iconic global and local brands represents one in every four beers sold.

Percentages are based on share of AB InBev worldwide excluding Global Export and Holding Companies.

Farmers We value our relationships with farmers in our supply chain, who provide simple ingredients for our products.

Our mutual collaboration is a key element in creating a sustainable supply of high quality ingredients for our products.

That is why we invest in research, crop advisory services and technology through our agricultural development programs and our agronomy teams to help farmers improve their resilience and profitability.

Distributors Our distributors ensure our products are available where consumers want them.

We work with distribution partners to responsibly and safely deliver our products.

Consumers In perhaps the most important step of all, consumers enjoy our beer.

We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments.

We aim to connect with our consumers by offering meaningful brand experiences in a responsible way and promoting moderation as the social norm for consumers.

Brewers manufacturers We have operations in nearly 50 countries, consisting of approximately 175 major breweries and 40 verticalized operations including hop farms and barley malting facilities.

With our brewing, bottling and packaging capabilities, we use our knowledge, expertise and innovation to transform ingredients and raw materials into products that consumers love.

We work to optimize our own operations and partner with suppliers to advance the sustainable use of resources.

Customers We partner with retailers, bar owners and wholesalers to responsibly bring our beers to our consumers, while supporting our customers’ business growth.

We are helping close the gap in digital and financial inclusion and are pursuing extraordinary execution of our brands in both the on and off premise.

Communities We are an integral part of the communities where we live and work.

We strive to make a positive and lasting impact in our communities, advancing initiatives in areas such as sustainability, financial and digital inclusion, Smart Drinking, road safety and recycling programs.

Engagement scores are at their highest levels Overall, we saw a one percentage point increase (89%) in our Employee Engagement Index from 2021, with a 94% participation rate globally.

This is an all time high result for us and is nine percentage points above the global norm and more than four percentage points ahead of the global high performance norm.

We have developed a comprehensive rewards package We are built on the spirit of continuous improvement, and our rewards model is too.

We strive to provide compensation packages that attract, retain and motivate the best talent.

Our comprehensive rewards package combines compensation, career development, learning and growth, health and benefits, retirement savings and well being programs and initiatives.

Through this model, we have created compelling financial incentives to recognize individual and collective performances and to support personal wealth creation.

To ensure that our compensation remains competitive, we review our framework each year with independent third parties.

For example, last year, we conducted studies in the US, Mexico, Peru, Chile, Bolivia, Paraguay, India, Uganda and Tanzania.

The results helped us better understand our colleagues’ preferences and needs.

Additionally, we gather feedback annually via our internal engagement survey in two key areas: rewards and recognition and well being.

We are powered by great people and build diverse teams through inclusion and collaboration For generations, we have made the world’s most beloved beverages.

Our colleagues around the world take pride in our positive impact and recognize that, as owners, they play an integral role in the company’s success.

This enables us to better partner with customers and add value to our consumers’ lives.

It is what our people do and say every day, and our strong set of company principles defines how we bring our values and beliefs to life.

We strive to bring together diverse perspectives and share best practices to create better solutions.

More than ever, we are working with our customers and keeping our consumers at the heart of all we do.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Diversity, equity inclusion DEI is reflected in both our purpose and our principles.

Dreaming big to create a future with more cheers is something that everyone can celebrate and share.

It means providing more opportunity for our people, lifting up our neighbors and making a meaningful impact in the world.

Advancing our Global Strategy for Well being People thrive when they have the means to meet their objectives and the time and encouragement to succeed both personally and professionally.

To support our colleagues in leading healthier, more contented and happier lives within and beyond work, we updated our Global Strategy for Well being in 2022.

This strategy includes a menu of well being trainings and a global communications toolkit for local teams and managers.

We piloted the strategy, alongside self assessment tools, leadership programs and trainings to teach well being as a skill.

We also expanded our Global Strategy for Well being with two key pillars (Recovery and Purpose) beyond the previous four (Physical, Mental, Financial and Social) to help address a broader range of our colleagues’ needs.

The health and safety of our colleagues is a core value Creating a future with more cheers starts within our own operations.

That is why the health and safety of our colleagues, contractors and service providers is a core company value.

We are training our colleagues to make the right choices for safety, for themselves and for others.

Whether brewing or delivering our products, operating machinery or driving in any vehicle, safety is paramount.

We work vigorously to achieve high standards of health and safety in our offices and breweries and throughout our value chain by engaging teams to build an interdependent safety culture through trainings, workshops and coaching sessions.

Safety metrics are cascaded and monitored through our supply and logistics safety management systems.

Empowering individuals and teams to make safer decisions and.

Using safety data to drive continuous improvement.

While we are proud that there were zero fatalities inside our facilities in 2022, we regret to report nine occupational fatalities, of which five were related to road safety, two were due to random criminal acts of violence that occurred off site and two occurred while performing work at client sites.

Supply contractors data only reported as of 2021, as internal controls regarding the reporting of supply contractor TRIs (MDI MTI) were not yet sufficiently implemented in prior years, resulting in lower data quality and robustness.

Fatalities data does not include commuting and community related fatalities as per AB InBev’s reporting definitions.

The table also does not include road fatalities of contractors who are fully managed by the contracted firm company.

Lost Time Injuries (LTIs) Occupational injury resulting in more than one day absence from work.

Total Recordable Injuries (TRIs) LTIs modified duty injuries medical treatment injuries.

Supply Employees Brewery and manufacturing facility employees, including first tier logistics.

Last mile logistics Sales Employees Last mile logistics, sales, zone and global corporate employees.

Commuting Fatality An incident that occurs while coming to work or going homes, resulting in a fatality to our employee(s).

Community Fatalities Fatalities that occur to people outside of our operation in the course of doing business.

Safe Together We started our first behavioral safety culture program in 2015.

In 2022, a dedicated team launched Safe Together, a transformational behavioral safety program focused on safety leadership supporting colleague empowerment.

After an assessment of our safety culture through internal and external benchmarking, we updated our management system to further strive for sustainable implementation of a positive safety culture.

We developed a safety leadership workshop to support this transformational change.

In 2022, we piloted the workshop in six breweries and distribution centers and plan to roll it out globally.

US Brewery sets local internal record for days injury free We are proud to celebrate our Los Angeles brewery’s major safety milestone: 855 days injury free.

The members of this team embody our mantra of We Can in how they have empowered individuals to look out for themselves and others to be injury free.

Safety is emphasized in our new hire orientation, with trainers and safety champions conducting follow ups stressing Safety First.

We encourage the use of our safety hazard notification reporting system and daily reviews, and we conduct quarterly safety blitzes.

Over the years, we have removed many high risk activities from our team by re organizing the work and automating processes.

But the main driver is the ownership of safety by our teams.

Beer as a formidable engine of economic growth and local employment As the world’s leading brewer, we serve as an engine of economic growth, job creation and sustainable development.

Businesses and communities across the value chain depend on the beer sector to support local economies because beer is typically produced, distributed and consumed locally.

Beer delivers economic benefits through a value chain that stretches from farmers to truckers, small retailers, restaurants, bars and other hospitality locations.

Due to its contributions to global GDP, employment and tax revenue generation, we believe the beer industry is truly a formidable engine of economic growth.

The taxes we pay are an important economic contribution to these local economies.

Our decentralized structure links our taxes to our local profits.

See page 68 for more information on our tax principles.

We will continue to use our value chain to help local economies thrive and create jobs across our global footprint.

Published in 2022, the Oxford Economics report Beer’s Global Economic Footprint offers a first of its kind study of the global economic contribution of the beer industry.

Accounting for approximately 89% of beer volume sold worldwide, the report assesses the sector across 70 countries from 2015 to 2019 (pre dating the pandemic and its impact) and demonstrates the significant economic contribution beer delivers throughout its value chain.

The report examines beer’s direct, indirect and induced contributions to global gross domestic product (GDP), jobs and taxes.

It finds that the sector supported 555 billion USD in GDP in 2019, representing an average of 0.8% GDP across the 70 countries assessed and rising more than 1% in some countries, particularly in emerging markets.

It also supported more than 23 million jobs (one in every 110) and generated 262 billion USD in tax revenues for governments.

Our excise duty generation worldwide is 14.3 billion USD We believe that taxing alcoholic beverages differently based on beverage type and strength can encourage consumption of lower alcohol strength products, reducing harmful use of alcohol.

Taxes can also incentivize the production and consumption of NABLAB brands.

We are a global brewer but remain deeply rooted in local communities We strive to source, brew and sell our beers locally.

This decentralized structure means that taxes are paid where profits are made.

We are invested in creating a future with more cheers through shared prosperity for our people, our business and the planet.

We believe that a strong ESG agenda is vital for our future.

From building a resilient and agile value chain to solidifying our role as a trusted partner to identifying and capturing new sources of business value, ESG plays a key role in fulfilling our company purpose and enabling our commercial vision.

Strategic ESG priorities Our approach focuses on eight strategic priorities that help us embed ESG into the fabric of our organization.

We believe these priorities are where we can deliver on the greatest shared value for local communities and the planet.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local Our eight strategic priorities culminate in three cross cutting themes that best capture the shared prosperity we aim to bring to the world.

From thousands of farmers, to millions of small retailers, to colleagues and consumers, we strive to improve livelihoods and increase access to opportunity.

Going beyond an affordable and accessible category, we stand for better choices, which is why we promote moderation.

With products made from simple ingredients, we understand the true value of the planet’s precious resources.

We work with nature instead of against it, leveraging nature based solutions to develop resilience where it is needed most.

With more than 500 local brands in our portfolio across nearly 50 operating countries, we are truly a global local company.

We strive to keep our supply chains short, our impact direct and our boots on the ground.

We believe in the future of local economies and invest in their well being and resilience.

We have built a vibrant ecosystem with more than two billion consumers and six million customers around the world.

We believe we are uniquely positioned with a portfolio of iconic brands and a consumer first mindset to lead and grow the category while catalyzing sustainable transformation across our value chain and connecting with consumers through key cultural moments.

By tapping into beer’s positive role in the world and working to create a future with more cheers, our brands are at the forefront of change.

Sustainability has been a key pillar of our global creativity agenda, with 40 of our 90 Cannes Lions awards in the past two years being awarded to impact driven brand campaigns.

Michelob ULTRA Pure Gold, one of America’s leading organic beers, values that farmers are the foundation of our business.

Through Contract for Change, Pure Gold created a long term, full rotation contract to purchase the barley grown from the beginning of the transition period through the first year of organic production.

The Budweiser Energy Collective: Silver Lion winner, Creative Business Transformation The Budweiser Energy Collective was developed to help provide renewable electricity to bars, music venues and stadiums around the world.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Engaging consumers in sustainability We incorporate sustainable practices into many aspects of our brands, including raw materials, packaging materials and design as well as advertising, distribution and sales.

In 2022, we continued to find commercial success with, and growing demand for, sustainable products and innovations, especially those that connect consumers with our value chain.

For example, we have continued to grow our portfolio of brands brewed with local crops across Latin America.

In Colombia we introduced Nativa Sur, a beer made from locally grown maize sourced from more than 100 farmers in Valle del Cauca.

Nativa Sur builds on the expertise of crafting beer brands from local crops, developed in Africa using cassava and expanded to Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia with other local crops over the past five years.

In the US, Busch Light introduced limited edition cans in partnership with agricultural machinery manufacturer John Deere to raise funds for Farm Rescue, a non profit that provides critical aid to family farms.

Corona leads with purpose As the world’s first net zero plastic beverage brand, Corona continues to lead the category with impactful, strategic initiatives and sustainable innovations.

To mark World Ocean Day, Corona released a film depicting Earth with impactful beach scenes littered with plastic waste and additional Earths orbiting our own.

The voiceover notes that humanity does not have a multitude of (i.e., 77) Earths, stressing the need to protect ours.

In Germany, Corona introduced an innovative recycled plastic crate for its returnable beer bottles.

Made with more than 90% recycled material, including maritime industry plastic waste such as old nets and lines, each crate sports a unique blue and white design reminiscent of the ocean, raising awareness with consumers at point of sale.

The innovation earned several packaging awards in categories of new material, sustainability and design, such as the PAC Global Award.

In Mexico, Corona connected with more than 150 local anglers to go out into the seas and fish, not for food, but for plastic waste.

Not only did the tournament help clean the ocean, but it also supported the livelihoods of those whose catches have been depleted by overfishing and pollution.

The initiative was awarded a Gold Cannes Lion in the SDG category.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Fostering an inclusive category Inclusivity is a key enabler of our commercial strategy and company purpose.

Making beer more inclusive drives business performance, unlocks innovation and deepens our connection with consumers.

This is why DEI is core to our brands’ consumer outreach, recruitment and storytelling.

For more information on our DEI strategy, see page 61.

Sports (including e sports) once again proved an effective focal point for building inclusivity.

For example, our Belgian beer brand Jupiler launched a campaign to condemn racism and discrimination in football, urging fans who witness these behaviors in stadiums to report it via an anonymous hotline.

In the US, Michelob ULTRA committed 100 million USD by 2025 to help close the gender gap in sports and achieve gender balance in its advertising and sports sponsorships.

In Brazil, our soft drink brand Guaran Antarctica relaunched its 1980s bottle design to highlight pay discrepancy between female and male football players.

Guaran donated the proceeds from the campaign to help develop the football talents of young girls in marginalized communities, building on a multi year campaign to support gender equity in sports.

Our Peruvian brand Pilsen Callao created an online tool to convert voice calls from gamers into sign language.

The tool was developed around the insight that there are more than 300 million deaf gamers worldwide.

Through a study highlighting gender inequities in the culinary space in Brazil, Stella Artois found that while women are responsible for cooking in 96% of Brazilian households, they represent only 7% of chefs in award winning restaurants.

Committed to promoting opportunity, visibility and credit to women chefs, Stella Artois launched Uncomfortable Foods, a campaign spotlighting the talents of women chefs through a menu featuring unique dishes that celebrate the women who put food on different types of tables throughout Brazil.

Since the earliest days of our company, innovation has catalyzed our growth.

In the 1820s, our Stella Artois brewery in Leuven used one of the first steam machines.

In 1873, our German brewery Spaten was the first brewery to use a continuous chilling device.

Anheuser Busch was the first US brewer to use mechanical refrigeration and refrigerated railroad cars.

We were the first to bottle beer at scale and to use pasteurization to keep it fresh.

Today, in an evolving global business environment, we are at the forefront of sustainable innovation through our Global Innovation and Technology Center (GITEC) in Leuven, Belgium, and through our 100 Accelerator program.

New products, services, technologies and ways of working allow us to capture opportunities for efficiencies and new value creation across our ESG priorities.

Global Innovation and Technology Center GITEC has been at the forefront of our sustainability journey, from developing technology in early stages to implementing it in brewing operations.

We work to improve energy efficiency and strive to adopt renewable and low carbon technologies in our breweries.

Notably, we have developed a Simmer Strip technology that provides up to 80% energy savings in the boiling process and reduces our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by approximately 5%.

We have made this technology available to others in the brewing industry.

We work with our partners on making our packaging lighter to minimize our material and carbon footprint.

We developed a new milling technology that cleans the malt of its husk component before brewing, which is now used in seven breweries.

The cleaner malt not only enables an approximately 5% reduction in the thermal energy required for the brewing process, but the fiber removed can also be used as a sustainable biomass fuel to provide up to 30% of the thermal energy needed for our breweries.

Depending on the location, the ash produced could be further used as a low carbon fertilizer for local crops.

Global Barley Research Center Working closely with GITEC, our Global Barley Research Center in Fort Collins, Colorado, uses cutting edge breeding techniques as it aims to develop barley varieties that have better resistance to climate change.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope 100 Accelerator We are increasing the pace and breadth of our sustainability innovations, while also recognizing that collaboration is key to unlocking greater change.

We are proud to partner with forward thinking allies, from global supply chain partners to local startups, to implement scalable solutions as we grow and lead the category.

As an example of how we are pursuing innovation, we created the 100 Accelerator program in 2018 to source, validate and scale sustainable technology, products and services.

The program gives startups an opportunity to pilot their innovation to help solve challenges in global corporate value chains and scale their solutions faster.

It provides up to 100,000 USD to each startup for a pilot to test the viability of its technology, product or service, and coaching from business experts.

Since 2018, the 100 Accelerator has worked with 116 startups from 33 countries to drive transformation across our value chain.

It is now partnering with The Coca Cola Company, Colgate Palmolive and Unilever, as well as other local partners, to catalyze innovation.

In 2022, the 100 Accelerator launched Cohort 4 with 46 startups tackling six challenges: Circular Economy, Smart Agriculture, Water Stewardship, Climate Action, Inclusive Growth and Biodiversity.

Our three 100 Accelerator corporate partners co hosted the event, and more than 580 stakeholders across the public, private and civil society sectors participated in person or virtually.

The 100 Accelerator partnered with Sorbotics to help maximize energy savings and efficiencies in our brewing operations with its machine learning software for real time manufacturing optimizations.

We piloted the technology at two Chinese breweries to reduce electricity use and control suction pressure on ammonia refrigeration systems.

The scale up has resulted in an average 2% energy savings.

Then we expanded the use case to boiler performance, which resulted in an average 4% savings in fuel consumption.

We won the Manufacturing Leadership Award 2022 for our work with Sorbotics and plan to scale to more breweries globally.

Sunman, a Chinese company, has commercialized glass free, flexible and lightweight solar panels.

The proprietary eArc, or solar skin, is 70% lighter than traditional solar panels and can be directly bonded to any surface, thereby bringing solar power to markets and scenarios that were previously difficult while simultaneously reducing installation costs.

We partnered with Sunman to install solar modules on our Wuhan brewery rooftop and test the efficacy of eArc panels on non conventional surfaces.

Sunman’s eArc technology has helped decrease electricity costs at the site by nearly 10% and is contributing to meeting our renewable electricity goals in China.

Unlocking shared value: EverGrain and BioBrew We are applying biotech advancements to our production capabilities to work toward more sustainable food systems.

The proprietary technology behind EverGrain extracts the protein and fiber left behind in the nutrient rich spent grain at the end of the brewing process.

We opened EverGrain’s first major production facility in St. Louis in 2022 to create plant protein.

BioBrew aims to enable the creation of commercial and highly functional, animal free protein in a scalable, sustainable and cost efficient manner.

From thousands of farmers, to millions of small retailers, to colleagues and consumers, we strive to improve livelihoods and increase access to opportunity.

Fostering an inclusive agricultural supply chain We work with tens of thousands of smallholder farmers across 10 markets to grow the highest quality ingredients: barley, maize, rice, hops, sorghum and cassava.

Our farmer centric approach to sustainable agriculture allows us to identify and help solve farmer problems.

After years of standing alongside farmers, we continue to pursue opportunities to help them face their challenges, both big and small.

Whether it is access to improved seed varieties and inputs, being connected to weather information and market data or training on financial literacy basics, like savings, budgeting, record keeping and risk management, we help make farming innovative and sustainable for generations of farmers to come.

Digitizing our relationship with our customers globally We serve more than six million customers globally, many of whom are micro, small and medium sized retailers.

We have created an e commerce platform, BEES, that is transforming the traditional sales model by focusing on customers and using technology to turn customer needs into growth opportunities.

On BEES, in markets where applicable, retailers can browse products, place orders, earn rewards, arrange deliveries, manage invoices and access business insights all from one place.

Launched at the end of 2019 in the Dominican Republic and becoming a lifeline for many retailers during COVID 19, today BEES is one of world’s largest B2B e commerce platforms with 3.1 million monthly active users across 20 markets.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Inclusivity starts at home We believe that an inclusive world starts with our own culture of belonging.

We know that diverse teams, enabled to thrive, are key to our long term success.

Inclusivity is about focusing on the needs of the individual, and our approach to the well being of our colleagues is holistic.

From establishing a Global Parental Leave Standard to implementing return to work programs in many countries to offering gender affirming medical and legal support, we have continued to develop inclusive initiatives where everyone belongs.

Read more about these inclusive initiatives on page 63.

We continuously work to integrate diversity and inclusion into our business strategy and help ensure it touches upon all functions, including Sales, Supply Chain, Marketing and others.

I am particularly excited by the growth of our employee resource groups, where our colleagues have opportunities and space to voice change.

An inclusive category for a range of lifestyles and occasions We also seek to foster inclusion through our products by offering consumers choice in a rapidly growing category, providing options for a range of alcohol content levels and price points.

We continue to innovate and expand our NABLAB product portfolio.

In 2022, we launched Corona Cero across Europe and in Brazil.

For more information on our Smart Drinking strategy, see page 30.

With products made from simple ingredients, we understand the true value of the planet’s precious resources.

We work with nature instead of against it, leveraging nature based solutions to develop resilience where it is needed most.

Investing in nature and natural ecosystems The crops used to brew beer are an integral part of the food systems worldwide.

Our primary crop, barley, is typically grown alongside or in rotation with other food crops.

Many of our products are also brewed with local crops, such as cassava, maize, rice and sorghum, which are staple foods for many people across the globe.

Crop rotation is an important component of a holistic and long term farm management plan.

It can offer multiple benefits, such as enhancing yields, increasing nutrients and organic matter in soil, improving biodiversity and disrupting the lifecycle of crop pests, which can reduce chemical use.

Globally, we invest in agricultural development programs and are working to scale regenerative farming practices that impact nature and climate positively.

Growing and brewing simple ingredients Having a sustainability mindset challenges us to go further with less.

With persistence and ingenuity, an award winning beer can be made from only a few simple ingredients, just as a high quality crop can be grown with fewer inputs and precious natural resources.

Rice is a key ingredient for many of our beers, most notably Budweiser.

Since 2019, Anheuser Busch and Indigo Ag, a US based agricultural technology company, have partnered on sustainable sourcing by supporting US rice farmers to adopt industry proven conservation practices and improved, innovative irrigation methods.

Five years into our thought partnership with AB InBev on our rice program, I continue to be inspired by how our collaborative experiment in 2019 has evolved into an industry leading initiative that has made significant progress in reducing Scope 3 emissions through water conservation and land stewardship.

Our farmers are at the heart of our program, shaping our efforts towards a climate resilient future.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope A key irrigation practice promoted through this partnership is alternate wetting and drying (AWD).

This more precise system for flooding rice fields during the growing season has been shown to reduce methane by nearly 40% and water by more than 20% compared to conventional approaches.

Historically, this practice has been expensive to implement and demanding to track.

Since some farmers are not yet able to take on the AWD process and some fields are potentially unsuitable for the practice, we expanded the program in 2022 to include a range of sustainable practices, allowing farmers at different stages of readiness and fields with different soil, slopes and sizes to participate and earn new revenue for their work.

This work has resulted in the abatement of approximately 2.7 thousand metric tons CO2e and conservation of approximately 1.5 billion gallons of water in 2022 alone.

Participating farmers are incentivized with a premium for adopting these practices, enabling them to conserve resources profitably.

Nature based solutions for resilient ecosystems: an ancient answer to a modern problem We believe that nature based solutions help address challenges such as water insecurity, climate change and biodiversity loss.

In Peru, our amunas project has shown that an ancient, nature based solution can provide an answer to a modern problem.

Amunas are ancient canal systems that pre date the Inca civilization.

These permeable stone and clay channels run for miles across the Andes, diverting excess water that would otherwise flow uncontrolled down the mountains into the Pacific Ocean.

The captured water permeates the soil, replenishing the water table and ensuring its gradual release throughout the year in natural springs and the aquifer.

This ancient technology also improves water purity, supports the growth of local plants and helps prevent erosion and landslides.

The restoration of the aquifers helps with the water crisis.

It will allow the lower part of the micro basin to have greater water availability in the dry season, positively impacting the local livestock and farming.

Only nine millimeters (0.35 inches) of rain falls in Lima each year.

Aquafondo, the water fund created to protect Lima’s water supply, estimates that climate change could cause a severe water shortage in the area within 10 to 15 years.

Backus, our subsidiary in Peru, has taken an active role in helping to restore the amunas to help store water from floods or during the rainy season.

To date, this award winning partnership has rehabilitated 30 kilometers of amunas with a goal to restore the entire 67 kilometer network of amunas by 2025.

Additionally, over the next three years, the partnership aims to train more than 400 residents in operating and maintaining the amunas.

Processes powered by nature We rely on nature for more than our agricultural inputs.

The processes we use to create beer harness the power of nature through sun, wind and other renewable energy sources to create a product with a smaller footprint on nature.

The entire Anheuser Busch portfolio of domestically produced brands in the US (including Budweiser, Bud Light, Michelob ULTRA and our Brewers Collective family of craft partners) is now brewed with 100% renewable electricity from solar and wind power.

In 2022, we announced the opening of our solar park near Granada in southern Spain.

On an area of 161 hectares, solar electricity is generated to brew beer more sustainably.

The project is one of the largest cross border solar energy deals in Europe to date.

We expect it to generate enough green electricity to produce more than nine billion beers per year.

Generated through Virtual Power Purchase Agreements and on site solar installations and calculated based on the electricity consumption in all our facilities in the United States.

With more than 500 local brands in our portfolio across nearly 50 operating countries, we are truly a global local company.

We strive to keep our supply chains short, our impact direct and our boots on the ground.

We believe in the future of local economies and invest in their well being and resilience.

Local crops for local tastes Many of our beers are made with locally sourced ingredients by local people at breweries that are the pride of their communities, making us a truly global local business.

For example, in 2021, our Bavaria team in Colombia proudly shared a milestone brewing innovation: Nativa, the first cassava starch based beer in Bavaria’s portfolio.

Using local crops allows our brands to create refreshing, high quality beers while supporting local smallholder farmers in rural Colombia.

The Nativa project has positively impacted 178 cassava farmers on Colombia’s Caribbean Coast.

The success is encouraging, and in 2022 the brand launched Nativa Sur, the first innovation within the portfolio to use locally sourced maize.

These developments not only mark a milestone in Colombian brewing innovation, but their production also represents a positive impact for local agricultural development, connecting small and medium cassava and maize farmers to our value chain.

This model helps provide farmers with a more reliable market for their crops, using local production processes and helping to improve livelihoods in the communities involved.

At Bavaria, we firmly believe we should work towards the development and competitiveness of Colombia’s agriculture.

This creates more favorable conditions for farmers, which can translate into an improvement in their livelihoods and generate a positive impact for society.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Supporting local economies through inclusive value chains Diverse and inclusive value chains can unlock innovation and deliver socioeconomic impact in local communities.

Through digital, financial and social inclusion, we support and empower small and medium sized enterprises, from the farmers who grow our crops to the retailers who sell our products.

To learn more about this strategy, please see page 58.

To help tavern owners get back on their feet after the COVID 19 shutdowns, our subsidiary South African Breweries (SAB) launched the Reinstatement Program.

This program provided business training, commercial support through our B2B platform BEES and store renovations.

The program helped 120 retailers (of which 49% are women owned) resume trade and sustain their families’ livelihoods in 2022.

Investing in local recycling supply chains to recover returnable glass Making the most of our share of returnable glass bottles is our single biggest opportunity to reduce carbon emissions in packaging.

Approximately 38% of our global volume is sold in returnable glass bottles, which are nearly six times less carbon intensive when compared to one way bottles.

Most of our returnable glass bottles are used more than 10 times on average, and some can be used up to 100 times.

Scaling the number of returnable glass bottles is one thing ensuring circularity is quite another.

That is why we invest in local recovery and recycling supply chains.

Supporting tavern owners in South Africa The business training provided through SAB’s Reinstatement Program is personalized to individual retailer needs.

Victoria Hood, owner of the small South African business Patience Shebeen, participated in the program after COVID 19 shutdowns.

She was able to implement the lessons learned from the training into the management of her business.

She was also able to purchase additional stock for her store with points that she earned through the BEES platform.

In 2021, we launched Rebounce, a glass bottle recovery project in Mexico that generates recovery chains and rescues glass bottles that are lost in the market.

In 2022, the initiative worked with 90 collectors to recoup more than 350 million glass bottles, nearly tripling the number of rescued bottles from the year before.

These bottles, which were destined for single use, are now being used as designed and intended more sustainable, returnable packaging.

A participatory approach to local water security in India Our team in India is working to improve water accessibility and security in the communities around our breweries through long term local watershed initiatives.

One such initiative convenes WaterAid India, International Crops Research Institute for The Semi Arid Tropics (ICRISAT), LetsEndorse, Force and local authorities through an integrated watershed management approach.

The project has supported the construction of watershed structures including check dams, anicuts and mini percolation tanks across four states in India: Haryana, Rajasthan, Telengana and Maharashtra.

To date, the initiative has supported more than 1.6 million hectoliters of water recharged into the groundwater.

Along with activities around improving water availability and accessibility, the projects included training and awareness sessions on water demand management.

We believe such stakeholder participatory processes instill community ownership of the new structures.

Farmers impacted by the project have seen an average increase of approximately 18,885 INR ( 230 USD) in annual income.

We note an approximate increase of 43% in the average annual income post intervention.

Leading in Smart Drinking Beer is part of celebrating life throughout the world and a major engine of economic activity.

The industry sustains more than 23 million jobs globally.

Data from the World Health Organization (WHO) shows that the harmful consumption of alcohol has decreased globally over the last decade.

As the world’s leading brewer, we want every experience with beer to be a positive one, and we want to help consumers make smart choices while enjoying our products.

We are leading the way, using the core strengths of our business and investing behind evidence based initiatives to promote what we call Smart Drinking .

Smart Drinking focuses on four key areas, each with established goals: social norms marketing, multi year pilots, product portfolio and labeling.

Ambition Invest one billion USD across our markets in dedicated social marketing campaigns and related programs by the end of 2025.

Ambition Reduce the harmful use of alcohol by at least 10% in six cities by the end of 2020.

Implement the best practices globally by the end of 2025.

Ambition Ensure No or Lower Alcohol beer (NABLAB) products represent at least 20% of AB InBev’s global beer volume by the end of 2025.

Ambition Place a guidance label on all our beer products in all our markets by the end of 2020.

Increase alcohol health literacy by the end of 2025.

Progress Through social norms marketing, we engage with consumers to improve behavior by helping to shape social norms.

We are on track to deliver our one billion USD goal by 2025, with investment of more than 700 million USD since 2016.

Progress Our city pilots program identified three interventions that can be most impactful in reducing the harmful effects of drinking: Road Safety, Responsible Beverage Service (RBS) Trainings and Screenings and Briefing Intervention (SBI).

In partnership with local experts, governments and the AB InBev Foundation, we are supporting 67 programs across 25 countries using the evidence based techniques we tested in our City Pilots.

Progress In 2015, we led the industry by setting a goal of expanding our NABLAB volume to represent 20% of our global beer volume by the end of 2025, bringing global attention and eventually momentum to this category.

In 2022, 6.11% of our global beer volume was less than 3.5% alcohol by volume (ABV).

Although we have been striving to meet our goal, we believe we will not reach the 20% by 2025.

When measured against the typical 5% ABV for beer, lower alcohol alternatives are a larger part of our portfolio.

Today, products at 4.5% ABV or below represent 52% of our portfolio.

Progress We have updated our label designs on 100% of our primary product packaging in all 26 countries where mandatory labeling is not required.

Today, our labels share clear, actionable information on how consumers can reduce harmful drinking.

The remaining investment figures are under review.

Total investment could potentially change based on results of external assurance process results.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Smart Drinking Social Norms Marketing Competition In 2022, we hosted our 4th annual Smart Drinking Social Norms Marketing Competition, which aims to leverage the power of brand led campaigns focused on promoting Smart Drinking.

The winning campaign, Corona Cero Pressure, emphasized no alcohol beer in promoting moderation.

Over the last five years, we have invested in executing the social norms campaigns selected from the competition.

Four of these innovative campaigns have won awards at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity.

DontDrive Drink in the Dominican Republic We partnered with the automotive industry in an initiative, called DontDrive Drink.

This included car advertisements with a Smart Drinking message: Enjoy it, but never drive with a Presidente, our Dominican beer brand.

The work was recognized by marketing and communication awards, including a Gold Effie DR, two Ojo de Iberoamerica Bronze Awards, two Grand Prix and two Gold Awards at the El Dorado Festival Colombia.

Promoting moderation within the party culture in Brazil and Uruguay We helped promote moderation through our campaigns Os Moderados Ser o Exaltados in Brazil and Huella Cero in Uruguay.

We used social media to reach young adults of legal drinking age with Smart Drinking messages that promote positive behaviors.

The campaigns included partnering with food brands and displaying Smart Drinking messages throughout events.

Social norms marketing is a combination of evidence based techniques proven to promote safer behaviors by connecting social norms with the communications of brands people know and trust.

With our iconic brand portfolio, we have an opportunity to improve consumption patterns by promoting social norms that produce positive outcomes.

Promoting Smart Drinking in Mexico In Mexico, our As de F cil campaign sought to promote Smart Drinking behaviors, providing simple, straightforward and actionable advice.

OneAndOne, recommending people alternate drinks with glasses of water.

At100WithZero, suggesting consumers include no alcohol beer in their events and.

LessABVMoreFun, advocating for lower alcohol beverage consumption.

After measuring our Smart Drinking City Pilots program for five years, we identified three interventions that have the highest impact: Responsible Beverage Service (RBS) trainings, Screening and Briefing Interventions (SBI) and Road Safety Initiatives.

Now, we are working to make these evidence based programs accessible, affordable and scalable.

Responsible Beverage Service (RBS) RBS is a training program for community point of sale (POS) professionals, such as bar keepers and servers, focused on promoting positive consumer behaviors.

We are working to make RBS training accessible, easier to scale and more impactful by taking it online and connecting it to our commercial platforms.

In 2022, more than 3,300 POS Professionals in the Dominican Republic and Panama completed the training through our B2B e commerce platform, BEES.

With lessons learned from this pilot, we designed a digital RBS training platform that was deployed during the FIFA World Cup .

The program trained 4,200 servers, managers and staff responsible for beer sales.

Screening and Brief Intervention (SBI) Screening and Brief Intervention (SBI) is a preventive program to measure an individual’s drinking pattern during outpatient or wellness visits.

It helps motivate those identified as being at risk to change their behavior.

The AB InBev Foundation tested 12 initiatives across four continents, screening 200,000 people.

Insights from these initiatives are being used to develop a digital solution to scale SBI programs.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Partnering with UNITAR on road safety We worked with UNITAR, Street Art for Mankind (SAM), street artist Dragon76 and the AB InBev Foundation to create a large mural in New York City to support public awareness of road safety and the Decade of Action for Road Safety 2021 2030.

Road Safety We actively support the UN goal to reduce by 50% road traffic fatalities by 2030. in, 2022, we renewed and expanded our partnership with UNITAR to improve road safety, support female entrepreneurs and promote sustainable water use.

We partnered with Together for Safer Roads (TSR) to create a Fleet Safety program, called FOCUS, for smaller commercial fleet operators.

This program allows for smaller commercial fleet operators to adopt the effective road safety standards of large companies.

In 2022, we expanded the Decide to Ride campaign, a first of its kind coalition with Anheuser Busch, Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) and Uber, to help reduce drunk driving in the US.

This coalition now includes our wholesaler network, many prominent sports teams and event venues.

It is through partnerships such as the one we have with AB InBev that we can amplify global efforts in multiple fields.

In the area of road safety and the provision of relevant technical support to countries around the world we partner to promote the safety of road users including those most vulnerable to road crashes, including pedestrians, cyclists and motorcyclists.

The IRF Find a Way Global Road Safety Awards Two of our road safety projects won the International Road Federation (IRF) Find a Way Global Road Safety Award.

In Brazil, our subsidiary Ambev and the government of the city of Brasilia were recognized for Brasilia Vida Segura, a program that uses data to identify high risk traffic areas.

Our Dominican subsidiary Cerveceria Dominicana and the Dominican Republic government were recognized for improving the safety of the country’s most important highway.

We continue to innovate, giving consumers more choices.

In 2015, we led the industry by setting a goal of expanding our NABLAB volume to represent 20% of our global beer volume by the end of 2025, bringing global attention to this category.

Our NABLAB goal established a threshold for low alcohol beer of 3.5% ABV.

In 2022, 6.11% of our global beer volume met this threshold.

Although we have been striving toward that goal, we believe we will not reach the 20% by 2025.

Budweiser Zero Globally, Budweiser Zero grew volume more than 20% in 2022 versus 2021.

At the FIFA World CupTM, an estimated 20% of international fans enjoyed the brand in Qatar.

Budweiser Zero was featured prominently as part of our World Cup activations and was proudly displayed on the signboards during the matches, as part of our Smart Drinking communications.

We are encouraged by the evolution of the no alcohol beer (NAB) segment, which is one of the fastest growing beer categories in the industry worldwide.

Our NAB portfolio is well positioned to respond to this trend, with 30 brands spanning 42 countries.

Lower alcohol alternatives, when measured against the typical 5% ABV for beer, are a larger part of our portfolio.

Today, products at 4.5% ABV or below, including NAB, represent 52% of our portfolio.

In 2022, the WHO Global Alcohol Action Plan (GAAP) issued calls for increased NAB and lower alcohol alternatives, and we continue to do our part.

Our labels and secondary packaging are a key touchpoint with consumers.

We launched one of the largest voluntary guidance labeling initiative in the world to provide actionable advice to positively influence consumer behavior.

We added actionable advice on the labels of all our beer bottles and cans in the 26 countries where there is no legal mandate for label warnings.

These countries represent 50% of our global volume.

Climate change is one of the most pressing global challenges.

Our business is closely tied to the natural environment: agricultural crops and water are our key ingredients, we require raw materials for our packaging and we need energy and fuel to brew, transport and cool our beers.

Our business is also closely connected with local communities and people across our global footprint.

All of these have the potential to be impacted by climate change, and we are already experiencing both environmental and social climate related impacts in our value chain and communities.

Our absolute emissions in Scopes 1 and 2 decreased in 2022 by 39.2% versus a 2017 baseline, a reduction of 2.37 million metric tons CO2e.

We have continued to drive decarbonization in our brewing operations through efforts like increasing efficiency, using new technologies and implementing new renewable electricity projects.

As of 2022, 67.6% of our electricity needs are now coming from renewable sources, increasing from 41.2% renewable electricity operational in 2021.

We also saw a reduction in emissions intensity across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), going from 50.03 kgCO2e hl in 2021 to 47.29 kgCO2e hl in 2022.

This year’s results reflect a 20.7% reduction in CO2e hl vs. the 2017 baseline.

With the progress in 2022, we are on track to achieve our 2025 Climate Action Goal.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy In 2021, we announced our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040.

This ambition builds upon the science based target we set in 2018 that aligns with reduction requirements to limit global warming to 1.5 C. We are committed to our ambition to transform our operations and to reduce our emissions in line with levels required to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals allow targeted action and progress mapping towards our long term net zero ambition.

Our approach is based on two key pillars: embedding sustainability into our business strategy and striving to follow leading climate science.

Every year, we work cross functionally to identify and implement initiatives that aim to deliver both financial and environmental gains.

Strengthened by inclusivity We believe collaboration is key to decarbonizing our value chain.

That is why we engage the wider industry by partnering with suppliers, retailers and startups with breakthrough climate solutions.

Underpinned by nature based solutions Engagement with farmers in our value chain will help scale regenerative agriculture practices to enrich soil health while increasing carbon capture.

We also believe implementing nature based solutions can improve watershed health and help tackle climate change.

Focused on local impact We prioritize local emissions reduction in our operations and across our value chain, including through investment to drive local innovation.

We are working to decarbonize our operations in alignment with the standards and practices set by current climate science.

Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) For setting and validating our climate goals and ambitions.

Recommendations from the TCFD For disclosing our risks and opportunities related to climate and.

To measure, manage and report GHG emissions across our value chain.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Deep decarbonization in the brewery We have identified and are working to scale technologies that help us reduce Scopes 1 and 2 emissions in our operations.

In our South America Zone, we are increasingly installing anaerobic digesters in wastewater plants to recover biogas that can be used as energy in our boilers.

This enables us to offset the purchase of natural gas, saving up to 15% of our energy purchases.

To date, we have 35 breweries in the region with wastewater plants.

We installed 13 biogas collection systems prior to 2022 and installed 11 more in 2022.

Wort is the liquid extracted from the mashing process during the brewing of beer.

When it is transferred from the brewhouse to fermentation, it passes through a wort cooler to reduce the temperature in preparation for adding yeast in the conversion to alcohol.

We have found that by increasing the size of the cooler, we can achieve an approximately 6% energy reduction at this stage of the process in each brewery.

Simmer Strip We have developed a technology that bubbles CO2, air or nitrogen through the brew kettle to reduce the amount of energy required for boiling by 80%.

We are using this Simmer Strip development in our Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe, South America and Middle Americas Zones, with the intent to extend to the North America Zone.

While we have patented this technology, we have made it available to others in the brewing industry.

We are working to actively decarbonize our global operations, including our breweries and our vertical operations that produce packaging and brewing materials.

In 2021, we announced three carbon neutral operations.

In 2022, we achieved 10 additional carbon neutral operations in four countries: Crown Coroplas in Argentina Agudos, Macacu, Minas Gerais and Cebrasa breweries and Curitibana and Arosuco Aromas facilities in Brazil Jinzhou brewery in China and Cympay and Musa malthouses in Uruguay.

Overall, we prioritize finding opportunities for deep decarbonization of our Scopes 1 and 2 emissions.

We have set internal standards on criteria for carbon neutral breweries that include thresholds for decarbonization and quality standards for certified credits.

Implement renewable electricity and heat solutions lightweighting solutions.

Achieve near zero to landfill production waste in brewing operations.

Promote local recycling optimization, routing efficiency and mode switch efficient refrigeration with innovative cooling solutions.

Scale renewable fuel trucks (e.g., electric, hydrogen and or biofuels).

Reduce waste through use of recycled content and lightweighting initiatives in packaging.

Work with farmers on nutrient management and optimized fertilizer application.

Switch fuel to biofuels, biomass and energy recovery implementation.

Introduce nature based solutions across our agricultural supply chain for carbon removal.

Representing 86.7% of our emissions in 2022, Scope 3 is where we see the greatest opportunities for emissions reductions.

Renewable energy to 4,000 bars and restaurants In 2022, in partnership with local low emission energy providers Lemon Energy and Plin, Ambev helped convert more than 4,000 bars and restaurants in Brazil to renewable electricity.

Low carbon Corona In 2022, we partnered with Ball Corporation, Rio Tinto and Novelis to pilot Canada’s first low carbon beverage can for Corona beer.

The can uses low carbon primary aluminum produced with inert anode technology and carbon free hydropower, as well as recycled ingot, to reduce aluminum can sheet carbon emissions by more than 30%.

Budweiser Energy Collective We set the goal of brewing Budweiser with 100% renewable electricity by 2025.

A 100% renewable electricity symbol celebrates its achievement in its markets.

Now, as the brand has reached this goal in many markets, Budweiser is going beyond its own production and has established The Budweiser Energy Collective to support bars, music venues and stadiums around the world in their own journey to use renewable electricity.

Agriculture represents 14.8% of our value chain emissions.

It is part of Scope 3 within our value chain and is included in the Purchased Goods and Services category.

Packaging represents 42.5% of our value chain emissions.

It is part of Scope 3 within our value chain and is included in the Purchased Goods and Services category.

Eclipse: supplier collaboration toward decarbonization We continue to engage suppliers through Eclipse, our supplier collaboration platform created to support supply chain partners who share similar climate goals and ambitions.

The platform aims to share best practices, learn from different industries, build capabilities together and drive collaborative efforts.

Partners begin with a self assessment tool to identify specific capabilities their company needs to develop.

The platform also has a learning hub with a series of modules that includes industry examples of interventions that could help decarbonize and more.

Partners can also use the Eclipse platform to build their own decarbonization plan.

For example, in 2022, a key packaging partner finalized its Scope 3 mapping, applied for a science based target and signed a joint power purchase agreement with some of its partners.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Looking ahead We intend to continue seeking further opportunities for collaboration across our value chain.

We also plan to continue working toward decarbonization in our breweries and operations by implementing identified technologies and seeking out new innovations.

Following a successful pilot in Leuven and Brussels, we leased 10 additional e trucks for our Belgian fleet in 2022.

The pilot project established the many advantages of electric city delivery: no emissions, less noise and pleasant driving.

We estimate that these 10 additional e trucks will collectively reduce GHG emissions by approximately 150 tons of CO2e annually.

Ambev has more than 250 e trucks on the road, making it Brazil’s biggest electric fleet.

In 2022, Ambev set out on a sustainable and interactive mission: to generate a transformative connection between the virtual universe and real life.

Gamers were invited to the metaverse for a series of challenges on the Electric Mission route, including refueling trucks at the first electric charging point on a map of Brazil in the Euro Truck Simulator.

The project also led the planting of seedlings in partnership with our Basins and Forests program, The Nature Conservancy (TNC), local governments and other partners.

Following the deployment of 45 electric trucks in California, we have continued our green logistics journey in the US by financing 10 electric trucks in 2022 for our Bronx depot through a partnership with Calstart, a global non profit focused on clean energy and transportation.

The partnership not only helps support the costs of electrification, but also provides training for electric truck and charger technicians.

The collaboration was funded by a grant awarded to Calstart for being one of three grand prize winners in the Electric Truck Bus Challenge, part of the New York Clean Transportation Prizes program in 2022.

The trucks are expected to be operational in 2023.

More than just a key ingredient in our products, water is a critical resource for the health and well being of communities around the world.

Water resource challenges are magnified by climate pressures, inadequate infrastructure and governance issues.

The growing scarcity of freshwater resources is not just an important issue for our company.

It is also important to the economic, social and environmental well being of our communities.

High quality beer depends on clean water and quality crops, both of which are heavily dependent on healthy, natural environments.

We have achieved a water use efficiency ratio of 2.64 hectoliter hectoliter across our sites globally, bringing us closer towards our ambition of 2.5 hectoliter hectoliter by 2025.

We also continue to prioritize water use efficiency across the high stress sites identified as part of our 2025 goal.

We set the ambition to achieve 2.0 hectoliter hectoliter in these high stress sites by 2025.

In 2022, we achieved a water use efficiency ratio of 2.4 hectoliter hectoliter in these sites, which is an improvement of over 16.1% compared to our 2017 baseline of 2.8 hectoliter hectoliter.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy Water is a multifaceted issue that is closely linked to many other sustainable development issues.

As the world’s leading brewer, we are focused on being part of the solution to the growing water challenges across our communities and supply chain.

Within our operations by aiming to drive water use efficiency, responsible discharge and effluent re use.

Beyond our brewery by investing in shared water security and watershed health through partnerships.

In local communities by promoting and supporting water access and disaster relief efforts.

Across our value chain by promoting water security through our brands, key brewing materials and engaging major suppliers and.

As a company by contributing to the broader water landscape through innovation, policy engagement and thought leadership.

We feel their impacts through more frequent and intense extreme weather events such as floods, droughts, heatwaves and wildfires.

Sustainable water management is central to building the resilience of societies and ecosystems and ensuring the continuity of our supply chain.

We developed a water risk assessment tool that leverages external data sources and input from our local teams to review our operational risk globally.

Using this tool, we have identified and continue to prioritize our sites that are located in high stress areas.

In 2022, a total of 44 of our facilities were located in high stress areas 36 of these are in scope for our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal based on a 2017 baseline analysis.

Water security is local and complex, and there is no single solution.

Each of our sites will have its own specific set of local water issues to address and help reach our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal.

To help us identify these specific local watershed challenges and the appropriate solutions to address them across our high stress sites, we have developed and implemented a seven step watershed management process.

We continue to demonstrate our leadership in water stewardship by engaging in global partnerships such as the Water Resilience Coalition, the 2030 Water Resources Group and the Beverage Industry Environmental Roundtable (BIER).

We also regularly publish reports to share our experiences and learnings.

Sharing knowledge to improve watershed health in Africa Together with our global partner WWF, our local subsidiary Tanzania Breweries Ltd. hosted a watershed stewardship workshop in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.

In addition to the global teams from both organizations, the workshop brought together in country teams from Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, South Africa, Ghana and Mozambique.

Participants shared learnings and discussed common issues and approaches to achieving our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal.

Key topics explored during the workshop included impact measurement, bankable nature based solutions and collaboration through presentations, workshop exercises and a field visit to one of our local watershed projects.

Following a successful pilot through the 100 Accelerator in the US in 2019, Anheuser Busch has partnered with Cambrian , a commercial provider of distributed wastewater treatment and resource recovery solutions, and started implementation of a new water reuse technology at its Houston brewery in 2022.

Through Cambrian’s innovative series of reactors and filtration technologies, Anheuser Busch seeks to clean and reuse previously discarded water in industrial processes which do not contact beer, with the aim to reduce reliance on the municipal water supply.

We estimate that these improvements in the Houston brewery will result in a reduction of more than 2.7 million hectoliters per year as of 2023.

I was involved in the research project at Ibhayi Brewery looking at alternative ways to treat effluent that incorporated the beneficiation of the nutrients into valuable biomass such as crops and fish.

After finishing my studies, I started TaylorMade Water Solutions with the dream of putting our research findings into practice and SAB gave me the chance in January 2022.

Since then, we have been involved with this innovative project which combines agricultural business with effluent treatment.

The support from SAB has played a huge roll in our success, not only to start and build the farm and effluent treatment facility but also the business coaching received during our first 12 months.

We look forward to growing this partnership and expanding this project to more breweries around Africa and the globe.

Together we can make a difference in our communities and aid in food and water security, and it all starts from beer and its effluent.

South African Breweries (SAB) is pushing green innovation and converting brewery waste streams into value added products and outcomes through sustainable technologies and collaboration at the Ibhayi brewery on the Eastern Cape.

The project treats the local brewery effluent and uses the water and nutrients to irrigate a sustainable spinach crop for the local community.

It began 13 years ago as a research project with South Africa’s Rhodes University and Water Research Commission to recover water from brewery effluent using an artificial wetland technology.

It has developed a commercial drip irrigation system to use treated water from these artificial wetlands to irrigate spinach plants in raised beds.

The water has enough nutrients to grow spinach without the need for additional fertilizer and irrigation.

The spinach beds, in turn, reduce the water’s nutrient concentration so the water can be recovered and reused in the brewery.

This project supports the water use efficiency ratio of our brewery.

We estimate that it has supported the watershed with approximately 100,000 cubic meters of water each year and has descreased Ibhayi’s carbon footprint by up to approximately 19.2 tons of CO2e each year.

This effort supports TaylorMade Water Solutions, a local startup business that was started by a student turned entrepreneur who worked on the initial research project.

In addition to supporting the construction of the raised beds, SAB also offered technical and business coaching through its supplier development program to help TaylorMade Water Solutions.

This novel system has created jobs in the local community, supported the production of spinach for local retailers and helped clean brewery effluent to support the watershed.

It is a project with many wins, and we are now piloting this approach in Tanzania.

The Jaguari River basin is the water supply for the majority of the population in Jaguariuna, Brazil.

Lower rainfall has impacted water availability in the basin, with average water flows in the Jaguari River on a downward trend according to data from Brazil’s national water agency.

Climate change and seasonal unpredictability of rainfall continue to exacerbate the overall availability of water.

Further, the Jaguari basin has lost approximately 80% of its native vegetation due to population and agriculture pressures, and only 30% of riparian forests remain.

Through the Bacias Jaguariuna water fund, we have partnered with public institutions, technical agencies and partners, including TNC, the City of Jaguariuna, Ag ncia das Bacias PCJ, Embrapa and Brazil’s National Water Agency, to address these challenges.

The partnership conducted an assessment of the watershed with an environmental diagnosis and property mapping of the Jaguari basin using remote sensing, geospatial technology and field validation.

The partnership has also implemented watershed conservation and restoration projects to work to increase water availability and manage seasonal flows.

These projects include agricultural terrace installation, ecological restoration through reforestation, soil and road management (including construction of sediment traps) and fencing of riparian areas and forests.

The water fund’s consortium approach has helped enable financial sustainability through shared investment across partners, as well as a governance structure and business plan.

Several key indicators allow us to track and measure the implementation of sustainable land management.

Forest conservation has been conducted on 166 hectares, including the active monitoring and protection of existing forests by building fences or preventing degrading factors, such as cattle, from entering the forests.

Improved agricultural practices have been scaled to 176 hectares, including the construction of agricultural terraces, which are physical barriers built to hold rainwater that runs off the ground to make it seep into the soil.

As a result of this conservation and restoration work, the average annual volumetric benefits calculated of the partnership is 399 million liters per year, with 117.7 million liters per year attributable based on our financial contribution.

Achieving measurable improvement in watershed health requires sustained efforts.

Through our ongoing engagement in the Bacias Jaguariuna water fund, we strive to support continued implementation of the Payment for Environmental Services and conservation program, as well as the associated hydrological monitoring, to scale impact.

Our Aguas Firmes project, launched in 2021 in Zacatecas and Hidalgo in Mexico, was designed with a focus on nature based solutions to help increase water infiltration back into the Calera and Apan aquifers, which are currently operating in deficit.

In 2022, we worked with local farmers to implement more sustainable agricultural practices over more than 1,415 hectares across both sites and improve water irrigation techniques in more than 177 hectares across both sites.

To date, these efforts help increase water infiltration by approximately 1.77 million cubic meters across both sites.

It also supports local farmers’ transition to more sustainable agricultural practices through conservation agriculture and the adoption of technologies like drip irrigation, which has been implemented across more than 3,000 hectares.

Further, in 2022, the project continued to support farmers with access to credit, subsidies and or insurances.

The close link among water, soil and biodiversity offers an opportunity to build, strengthen and support other crucial resources, while continuing to have a meaningful impact on water.

Looking ahead We understand that our global footprint in both our operations and value chain directly impacts nature and ecosystems.

Equally, we recognize our role and responsibility to be good stewards of the environment.

We expect to continue to use the work we have done in partnership with TNC to map priority areas in our agricultural supply chains (see page 49) and other inputs to help focus our responses, whether in using nature based solutions to support recharge of aquifers or working with our farmers on conservation and regenerative agriculture practices.

We also aim to draw on our experiences in implementing local solutions to engage in global forums such as the Taskforce for Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) to further refine and scale our approach, while working to advance the private sector’s approach to nature and biodiversity.

Through our Water Stewardship approach, we will continue to work to scale our existing on the ground efforts to see co benefits and measurable impact across water, agriculture, nature, biodiversity and climate.

Developing a disclosure framework for nature The nature and biodiversity agenda gained tremendous energy and momentum in 2022.

From its presence as an integral part of the discussions at the COP27 UN Climate Conference in Egypt, to the landmark Global Biodiversity Framework agreed at the COP15 UN biological diversity conference in Montreal, the agenda has emerged as an important issue for leaders from business, government and civil society alike.

Our Global Vice President of Sustainability is an active member of TNFD, which comprises 40 senior executives from financial institutions, corporates and market service providers, representing sectors with the largest impacts and dependencies on nature.

These leaders were selected for their subject matter expertise across nature and finance.

In addition, we continue to work with TNFD’s partners to continue our own understanding of nature related risks and opportunities to act, including the relation to TNFD’s latest release of its framework and LEAP (Locate, Evaluate, Assess, Prepare) implementation process.

Our business depends on high quality agricultural crops from thriving communities and healthy ecosystems to brew our beers.

The impact from climate change in our sourcing regions is increasingly evident, which is why we work to build resilience through crop management, improved varieties and risk mitigation tools.

We explore how agriculture can help reduce GHG emissions, protect watersheds and improve biodiversity.

Beyond the environmental aspect, we know the impacts of climate change in agriculture are closely linked with the social and economic challenges farmers face across the globe, affecting the more than 23,900 farmers with whom we work.

Our six priority crops (barley, hops, cassava, maize, rice and sorghum) are in scope for our 2025 Smart Agriculture Goal.

Between 2021 and 2022, the percentage of Skilled farmers increased by 15 percentage points.

Connected increased by 8 percentage points and Financially Empowered increased by 4 percentage points.

The number of farmers in scope for our goal increased by more than 8.6% to more than 23,900 farmers.

The increase was driven by the addition of Ecuador and Peru to the scope and an expansion in the number of sorghum farmers in Tanzania.

For a description of Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered, please see the graphic on the following page.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy We take a farmer centric approach to supporting sustainable agriculture.

We use our direct and local connections with farmers, secured through our agronomists and researchers on the ground, to reach our Smart Agriculture Goal that 100% of our direct farmers will be Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered by 2025.

These three pillars guide how we work with more than 23,900 farmers in our global value chain by providing access to crop varieties, training, insights and timely information for better decision making and appropriate financial tools.

To help build resilient agricultural supply chains, our initiatives address the environmental aspects of farming and the economic and social elements that are so closely linked.

We are continuing to work with farmers around the world to improve their productivity through research, technology and hands on support, which helps improve farmers’ output and profitability and can strengthen broader agricultural resilience and shape more sustainable food systems.

Globally, farming practices over the last century, compounded by the effects of climate change, have inadvertently weakened soil health, threatened water resources and exacerbated biodiversity loss.

Has received a crop protocol for that variety and.

Has participated in two technical engagements annually with our agronomists or partners.

A Connected commercial farmer: Receives insights from SmartBarley or a similar platform.

A Connected smallholder farmer: Receives at least three digital communications during the year on market, weather or agronomic advice.

We continue to establish our soil health framework, launched in 2020 in partnership with The Nature Conservancy (TNC), to provide a path for our agronomists and researchers to design and measure the impact of soil health, water and biodiversity initiatives in the field.

The framework creates a common set of objectives and a suite of agronomic practices and implementation strategies that our zone teams can tailor to the realities of local farmers and the agroecological context.

Ultimately, we hope to foster a culture of continuous improvement, where farmers feel empowered to experiment with new practices and technologies and to define regionally adapted visions for regenerative agriculture.

A Financially Empowered commercial farmer: Has access to cost sharing or risk mitigation tools.

A Financially Empowered smallholder farmer: Receives financial training annually and has access to appropriate financial tools.

Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered define the way we work with farmers to build resilient supply chains Environmental impact: GHG reduction, water, soil health and biodiversity.

Economic impact: farmer profitability and productivity and.

Social impact: women and youth empowerment, on farm health safety and dignified work.

Tackling the climate crisis and biodiversity loss requires ambitious action by the private sector.

Partners like AB InBev show that the food and beverage sector is eager to lead the way by setting and achieving strong ambitions on biodiversity, soil health and water.

Digital innovation in barley production As the world’s leading buyer of malting barley, we know that our business and our brands depend on farmers and their soils.

We work to ensure the long term viability and resilience of barley through research, crop advisory and technology.

Launched in 2013, our internal digital platform SmartBarley supports our efforts to secure our supply of quality malting barley today and in the future.

We believe it is important to invest in the innovation of malting barley production, as barley is a relatively niche crop in mainstream agriculture.

We leverage our SmartBarley platform to collect data from farmers through a mobile app, remote sensing technologies and other sources.

It allows us to better advise farmers and optimize their practices for improved yield, quality and environmental impact.

The platform facilitates tailored, real time insights and recommendations that consider each farmer’s unique management, environment and performance.

In 2022, we further developed our yield and quality prediction models with our technology partner Sentera, leveraging field level data from SmartBarley with weather and satellite data from Sentera’s platform.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action which we use to brew Magn fica beer.

In addition to seed production and testing, the project includes training farmers and technicians in mechanization, crop management and community entrepreneurship.

UN agencies including the Food and Agriculture Organization and the World Food Programme have collectively identified regenerative agriculture as a critical shift needed to transform the global food system and build resilience to future shocks.

Climate smart and regenerative agriculture is dynamic and holistic, incorporating principles such as soil fertility management, minimum tillage, cover crops, crop rotation and composting to increase yields while protecting topsoil, supporting water stewardship and enhancing biodiversity.

In 2022, we deepened our longstanding partnership with TNC to map priority areas for biodiversity action.

Together, we overlaid global environmental data sets with our direct sourcing regions to assess biodiversity pressures.

This practical approach uses our supply chain transparency to help us determine opportunities.

Building on their relationship with farmers and knowledge of the local context, our agronomy teams have begun to develop both broad and targeted plans to drive impact, including mitigating actions, farmer resources and local partnerships.

For example, our Mexico agronomy team has developed a program to promote the use of a native cactus species as a functional field buffer that can reduce soil loss and the sedimentation of nearby water bodies and provide farmers with opportunities for additional income.

In the first year of this program, 16 farmers in the Mexican Altiplano planted more than 6,500 maguey plants to help keep soils in the fields and support productive agriculture.

Through our partnership with TNC, we also began integrating water management and biodiversity into our soil health framework to better equip our agronomists and researchers on the ground and to highlight the importance of the co benefits of soil health.

Resilient crop varieties are helping improve the resource efficiency and productivity of crops.

Our Colorado based Global Barley Research Center in the US, an internal research and development group, is dedicated to ensuring a resilient supply of high quality brewing raw materials through crop variety development.

Our current breeding pipeline for a single variety is about 10 years from start to finish.

With changing market and climate conditions, there is increased pressure to speed the development of crop varieties to help ensure our priority crops remain competitive for farmers.

In 2022, we continued to develop our global crop breeding data system, which is helping us develop new crop varieties faster.

New crop varieties can not only increase brewing efficiency, but may also respond better to complexities such as resource constraints and climate change.

The updated data system helps bring together quality data and enable the sharing of best practices to support our research programs.

Our teams of researchers use the system to identify high potential material more efficiently and accurately, scale the use of predictive analytics in breeding and proactively consider future climate conditions.

We also made progress on improving cassava and sorghum varieties, which traditional breeding programs often do not prioritize.

We launched a pilot to implement regenerative agriculture practices including using cover crops, organic inputs and minimal tillage practices to work to improve soil health and drought resilience with smallholder barley farmers in Apan, Mexico.

Through the 100 Accelerator, we are working with Mexican startup Toroto to combine traceability technology with site specific design and implementation of nature based solutions to combat climate change.

By adopting regenerative practices, farmers also may have the ability to earn revenue from the resulting carbon credits.

This initiative is part of our longer term approach to improving water availability in the Apan region, working with Toroto and local landowners to restore the ecosystem and install green infrastructure to reduce erosion and land degradation.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Looking ahead The challenges in global food systems continue to affect the most vulnerable most acutely.

We strive to continue to prioritize more inclusive food systems by developing farmer centered solutions that scale regenerative practices.

Productive, profitable and resilient farmers can reinvest in their farms to continue to grow the quality crops we source, while also adapting to a changing climate and contributing to a healthy planet.

Launching an industry coalition to scale agronomic support In 2022, we partnered with the Sustainable Food Lab and other major food and beverage companies to launch the Trusted Advisor Partnership (TAP), an initiative that provides farmers in the US with agronomic support to improve soil health.

The program is operating in North Dakota, where the land is especially susceptible to soil erosion.

We expect a key outcome will be a plug and play model for technical assistance that can be applied across the industry to other agricultural geographies and contexts, including indigenous communities.

Engaging consumers in regenerative agriculture In 2022, our Argentina subsidiary Quilmes launched Cerveza 27 a beer made with local barley grown by farmers in the Buenos Aires province using regenerative practices.

Cerveza 27 has made regenerative agriculture a key part of its consumer facing messaging, which signals the growing importance of sustainable business practices to consumers.

A model farm is a plot of land used primarily to research or demonstrate agricultural techniques.

Through a global network of seven model farms, we trial and evaluate ways to advance sustainable agriculture practices while improving productivity.

On our model farm in the Western Cape, South Africa, a shift to minimum till farming has improved soil structure.

In addition to mitigating the impacts of drought in a region where rainfall is erratic, minimal tillage has resulted in increased yields, reduced erosion and increased soil carbon storage.

Our model farm demonstrates the viability of these regenerative practices and, in turn, we can use this knowledge to help guide changes among farmers in the region as well as in the larger industry.

As the world faces increasing resource scarcity, taking a circular approach to packaging and improving the materials we use have the potential to deliver long term financial benefits, provide our business with long term packaging supply security and help eliminate waste.

We are on a mission to create a more sustainable future, and one of the most important sustainability levers that we can influence is circular packaging.

By focusing on innovative packaging solutions and using our scale, we believe we can drive progress and change in our industry and beyond.

In 2022, our total volume in returnable packaging increased by nearly 9% compared to the previous year.

Recycled content across our packaging materials also increased year over year by almost 1% for cans, nearly 5% for glass and more than 55% for PET.

An increase in on premise volume, close collaboration with our suppliers and initiatives to improve the availability of recycled content have helped drive these results.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy Our 2025 Circular Packaging Goal is critical to support our efforts to help address the impacts of climate change.

In 2022, packaging accounted for 42.5% of our Scope 3 GHG emissions.

Practical solutions to tackle waste should be implemented across the value chain at scale, so our innovation mindset is holistic.

Beyond developing packaging technologies in house, we are also supporting partners, consumers and recyclers through education, investments and collaboration.

In 2022, our results for glass recycled content, also known as cullet, continued to improve due to close collaboration with our suppliers and increased collection efforts in Brazil that allowed for incremental cullet to return into our packaging.

We also announced our newest glass bottle production greenfield, which will be built in Parana, Brazil, with the objective to achieve a high percentage of recycled content from its inception.

Our recycled content in cans continues to exceed 50%.

Compared to the previous reporting year, the recycled content for cans increased slightly.

However, compared to our 2017 baseline, the recycled content has decreased.

This is due to the significant growth of our volume in cans since 2020, driving increased imports of can sheet in multiple markets with lower availability of recycled content.

We are working closely with our can sheet suppliers to increase recycled content.

Our results for PET recycled content represent a 56.5% year over year improvement, which is partly due to the adjustment in ESG reporting scope as explained on page 101 but also due to our focused efforts on increasing the recycling of PET and availability of recycled PET (rPET) resin in the markets where we continue to operate.

We announced that 100% of our Guarana Antarctica PET bottles in Brazil are made from 100% rPET resin, an effort that showcases our commitment to increasing recycled content across our portfolio of brands featured in PET today.

We are using our packaging design and brand innovation capabilities to rethink our packaging and distribution models.

One way we do this is by working closely with our GITEC team in Leuven, Belgium, to assess, develop and implement sustainable packaging technologies.

We have defined clear priorities with our development teams as they search for ways to reduce, reuse, recycle and rethink our packaging materials.

To help guide this work, we have also developed and integrated sustainability tools to use throughout the stages of our packaging innovation process.

One of these tools is the Eco Scorecard, developed with the Instituto de Embalagens (Packaging Institute) in Brazil.

This tool combines metrics such as reduction of packaging materials, country recycling rates, recycled content of the packaging and local carbon emissions factors into a single scorecard so that we can easily compare across packaging types to guide our innovation decisions.

In 2022, we increased both our returnable bottle volume and our return rate.

We are continuously developing our returnable packaging supply chain for efficiencies so we can reduce our bottle losses on the market.

Our glass bottle return rate increased by 1.5%, which translates into more than 600 million bottles saved compared to 2021 and an avoidance of GHG emissions.

In 2022, we launched a pilot in Brazil through our B2B platform, BEES, by leveraging a dedicated fleet to collect one way packaging from retailers.

In 2022, Anheuser Busch launched the National Recycling League, a multi sports league coalition in partnership with Major League Baseball and the National Football League, with the ambition to reduce beer packaging waste from professional sports.

The initiative is on a mission to drive key recycling behaviors among consumers wherever they cheer on their favorite team in stadium, at home or at a neighborhood bar.

The National Recycling League does this by encouraging sustainable cup options, eliminating single use cups and making it easier to collect and properly recycle used cups, cans and bottles.

Closing the loop on material waste in Brazil Our local craft brewery Cervejaria Colorado introduced glass bottles made from 100% recycled material to the Brazilian market in 2022.

These glass bottles represent a technological production breakthrough at scale and completely avoid the use of virgin materials in the manufacturing process, thereby reducing energy consumption and GHG emissions during production.

In addition to tackling our own internal packaging processes, we work with external partners who can help us make a bigger impact.

Our Ambev team in Brazil partnered with cleantech developer UBQ Materials on a sustainable packaging pilot in 2022.

UBQ Materials converts traditionally unrecyclable, unsorted household waste into thermoplastic pellets that can be used in the manufacturing process of products such as packaging.

The pilot incorporated UBQTM, a thermoplastic converted from 100% landfill destined waste, into packaging materials.

For every kilogram of UBQ produced, the material prevents up to 11.7 kilograms of CO2e, a carbon negative calculation made by Quantis using GWP20 (global warming potential over a 20 year time period).

In partnership with UBQ Material and Pisani, Ambev is using UBQ material across its supply chain and has launched a pilot in its packaging, crates tables and chairs.

With this pilot, we reused more than 650 kilograms of waste that would otherwise not be recycled and would end up in the landfill, eliminating 5.8 tons CO2 emissions that would otherwise be released into the atmosphere.

For packaging that is not returnable, such as one way glass bottles, aluminum cans and PET bottles, we are committed to reaching a minimum of 50% recycled content.

By 2025, we aim to avoid the use of more than 1.3 million tons of virgin material per year, when compared to a 2017 baseline.

To achieve that, we will increase the amount of recycled material used in our packaging.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Making returnable bottles more convenient Z Delivery is one of our direct to consumer digital products, delivering in every state in Brazil and processing six million orders each month.

Orders are placed via the website or mobile app, fulfilled by local retailers or small distribution hubs and delivered by a network of couriers direct to consumers’ homes.

Today Z Delivery is present in more than 380 cities across Brazil, serving four million consumers per month.

Relying on its extensive network of retailers and distribution hubs, Z Delivery now enables consumers to return their bottles.

With every order placed, consumers can hand their empty bottles to the courier, who takes the bottles back to the retailer or distribution hub.

There, the bottles are sorted and returned for cleaning and re use.

Today, 41% of Z ’s sales comes from returnable bottles.

Looking ahead Our biggest challenge to reaching our 2025 Circular Packaging Goal is increasing the availability of viable recycled content, especially for PET and glass.

For PET, we aim to continue working with our supply chain partners to increase recycled content through our procurement processes and increased recycling capacity, leveraging our capabilities to track and monitor initiatives and performance.

While we have increased glass recycled content year over year, glass recycling rates remain low in many of our markets due to lack of recycling infrastructure, low values for glass and a lack of awareness of how to properly recycle glass.

In 2022, we analyzed the glass recycling supply chain in some of our most impactful markets to understand the quantity and flow of material generated today.

Recommendations from this study will help focus our efforts on ways to improve glass recycling, increase the availability of clean and sorted cullet and better understand where we can participate in the glass recycling supply chain.

We are committed to promoting the highest standards of ethical behavior and transparency.

This guides everything that we do as an organization and serves as our foundation in creating a future with more cheers.

We have created governance bodies and programs on anti corruption, digital ethics and human rights.

Ethical behavior is our foundation for building a company to last Together with our global policies, our Code of Business Conduct (COBC) contains ethical principles that address key risk areas, including anti bribery and corruption, digital ethics, human rights and anti discrimination.

The COBC and supporting policies are designed to guide and support our colleagues and business partners to adhere to the highest standards of business integrity and ethics.

Our global Compliance Channel gives colleagues direct access to the Ethics Compliance team to ask questions, access our confidential compliance helpline, seek guidance, access internal policies or request approvals related to certain compliance matters.

The Compliance Channel is promoted to our colleagues via internal communications.

During 2022, we received more than 1,900 reports from colleagues through the Compliance Channel.

Dedicated zone teams follow up on reports based on clear action plans.

On an annual basis, we conduct risk based training plans that cover key Ethics Compliance areas.

In 2022, we launched online trainings focused on conflicts of interest, digital ethics principles and harassment bystander intervention.

All colleagues receive sexual harassment training.

In achieving our business objectives, we see ethical behavior as a key driver for our reputation and commercial success.

Continue to amplify the importance of ethical practices.

Ensure timely training on current and emerging risks.

Empower our colleagues to report ethics and compliance matters.

Provide robust investigation mechanisms and governance structures to address alleged misconduct in a consistent and transparent manner and.

Use cutting edge technological tools to manage compliance risks.

To further strengthen our commitment to ethical decision making and real time risk assessment, we use our award winning compliance data analytics platform, BrewRIGHT.

Through this platform, we aggregate, standardize and demonstrate trends and patterns to help identify, detect and prevent fraud and corruption related to our operations.

BrewRIGHT continues to pave the way we use technology and analytics to drive reputation, insights and intelligence within our legal and compliance teams.

In the industry association NASSCOM Business Process Innovation Showcase 2022, our peers recognized the platform as an industry leading product that incorporates sustainability and ethical practices embedded in business.

Digital ethics is key to building trust with stakeholders Digital ethics enables sustainable tech innovation.

Beyond protecting our license to operate in the digital space, our data ethics principles foster trust with stakeholders by meeting their expectations in how we collect and use data to achieve business goals and innovate sustainably.

We have created a framework for the ethical use of data across our business, which includes controls around collection, disclosure, usage, protection and storage.

We have developed and implemented a digital risk management platform that uses data to identify digital risk.

In 2022, The Financial Times recognized the tool as the best in house innovation product in risk management.

Respecting human rights is fundamental to creating healthy, thriving communities We seek to foster business practices that support and respect human rights and align with the UN Global Compact principles.

Our approach to human rights is based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and is outlined in our Global Human Rights Policy.

To cascade the principles of our Human Rights Policy throughout our value chain, we have developed a Global Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible Sourcing Principles for Farms.

We share our policies with colleagues through internal communications channels and online trainings, and we communicate the relevant policies to our business partners during the contracting process by including them in contract clauses.

Our approach to human rights is centered around due diligence: identifying actual and potential impacts and putting in place measures to address, prevent and remedy issues that may arise.

Responsibility for human rights is shared across relevant functions as well as global and local teams.

Our cross functional Global Human Rights Steering Committee enables greater collaboration by providing strategic direction and enhancing the level of visibility of our progress on human rights throughout the business and value chain.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action our programs contribute to farmer livelihoods.

The findings of the study have helped us understand how we could adapt local interventions to help further improve farmer incomes across our direct sourcing programs.

We developed training for Brazilian farmers on the types of activities children can safely do on family farms.

This can be delivered in person or digitally through ManejeBem ( HandleWell ), a platform that specializes in supporting family farmers.

With the help of the Centre for Child Rights and Business, we also have developed guidance and tools for our colleagues and partners to better understand and handle situations involving child work on farms.

As sponsors of the 2022 FIFA World CupTM, we worked closely with FIFA and peer sponsors to identify opportunities to encourage continued progress for migrant workers in Qatar.

Since 2018, we have been a founding member of the advisory council for the Centre for Sport Human Rights, a leading organization bringing together stakeholders at the intersection of sport and human rights.

As part of an informal working group initiated by the Building and Wood Workers’ International (BWI) on the proposal of a Migrant Workers’ Centre, we funded the pilot phase of the digital Migrant Workers’ Centre, where migrant workers could access information and support about their rights in Qatar.

During the tournament, we supported FIFA and the Centre for Sport Human Rights with funding for experts on human rights to participate in FIFA’s human rights volunteer program.

Access to appropriate remedy and identify where there could be potential human rights impacts on people.

Impacts are prioritized based on their salience, and local targeted action plans are developed for each issue.

In 2022, our teams held workshops in Ghana, Tanzania, Mozambique, Peru and El Salvador.

Through our due diligence processes, we have identified key areas of focus in our value chain that include living income, child labor and our sponsorship of global sporting events.

In 2022, we used internal risk management tools to review these salient risks as well as our plans to address them to continue improving our approach.

Despite our best efforts and intent, human rights issues may emerge in our operations or in our value chain.

In these situations, we endeavor to take prompt action, provide appropriate remedy and review our processes to seek to avoid recurrence.

Our grievance mechanisms and reporting channels are available to all colleagues and business partners to raise concerns or complaints.

We review and investigate each report on a case by case basis.

Our Global Whistleblower Policy states our commitment to non retaliation against those who raise concerns or complaints through our grievance mechanisms and channels.

We also cooperate in good faith with state based judicial and non judicial mechanisms, where appropriate.

In 2022, we reviewed our grievance mechanism and processes to identify opportunities for further alignment with UNGP guidance on effective grievance mechanisms.

Through this review that included feedback from internal and external stakeholders, we have developed plans to continue improving user experience and visibility of the tool.

Since 2019, our team in India has worked with the International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tourism, Tobacco and Allied Workers’ Associations (IUF) in a mediation process following guidelines from the OECD.

Following successful mediation, an amicable resolution was achieved in 2020.

During 2021, we continued to implement the agreed upon actions with oversight from an independent third party.

In 2022, the case was successfully closed, and the final report is available on the OECD website.

Looking ahead We will continue to seek out opportunities to work with our colleagues and value chain partners to promote and maintain the highest standards of ethical behavior.

In doing so, we plan to continue building out our tools, processes, resources and capabilities.

As an example of functional oversight of human rights, our Procurement team oversees relevant risk management processes for the supply chain.

Over the last year, we reviewed existing tools and worked to simplify the processes for suppliers.

We also established a steering committee led by our Chief Procurement Officer to oversee the implementation and adoption of processes and to monitor the risk profile of our supply chain.

In 2022, we assessed more than 5,800 suppliers representing over 30% of our global procurement spend in these processes.

We work with entrepreneurs across our value chain from seed to sip and beyond, including farmers, waste collectors and recyclers, suppliers and retailers.

Through meaningful engagement with these entrepreneurs and other key partners, we catalyze resources and opportunities to develop localized solutions.

These entrepreneurs are often the backbone of their communities, and their success is tied to supporting their families and growing the local economy.

Investing in entrepreneurship is also a key enabler in achieving our 2025 Sustainability Goals and ambitions, such as our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Scope 3 emissions make up the majority of our emissions, and we must work with our partners, large and small, to reduce emissions up and down the value chain.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy Entrepreneurship is about supporting and uplifting the small and medium sized businesses across our value chain, from tens of thousands of smallholder farmers to millions of retailers.

We understand the challenges that these small businesses face in accessing financial services, business skills development and the inputs needed to maintain and upgrade their operations.

That is why we meet entrepreneurs where they are, whether that is on the field, over a counter or in a recycling facility.

Digital inclusion: enabling access to the tools and technologies that provide entrepreneurs with greater access to information, markets, customers and other data points needed to drive business.

Financial inclusion: helping create access for entrepreneurs to finance their businesses through increased financial literacy and greater opportunities to adopt more resilient financial practices and.

Social inclusion: empowering entrepreneurs to participate meaningfully in our programming by tailoring the way we deliver content to them.

This enables us to expand access to opportunities within a localized context.

Through digital and financial inclusion, BEES can empower retailers to run their businesses on their own terms.

Retailers can place orders, schedule deliveries, earn rewards and access business insights all in one place.

BEES is bringing the power of digital to more than 3.1 million monthly active BEES users across 20 markets who face challenges in accessing financial services, business skills development and the inputs needed to maintain and upgrade stores.

We recognize that access to credit can be a major barrier for retailers at different maturity stages in our value chain, which is why we are piloting a short term working capital product.

BEES is offering retailers short term working capital, which enables them to order and receive goods purchased on the platform.

Demand for this type of capital is high, with 270,000 retailers on average leveraging short term credits to buy BEES products monthly.

By partnering with local fintech partners who understand the specific needs of retailers, BEES is able to reach a wider audience and scale impact.

Women’s economic empowerment is a transformative way to strengthen communities, grow economies and promote sustainable development.

In our Colombia operations, the Emprendedoras Bavaria program has helped uplift thousands of women entrepreneurs across Colombia.

Since 2017, more than 48,500 women business owners have been provided access to more than 3.7 million USD in microcredits.

Mi Negocio, a tool within the BEES app, helps our retailers manage their performance.

With modules such as business performance visibility, market trends and other educational content, Mi Negocio integrates reward incentives in the BEES app to drive engagement and commercial results.

In 2022, 1.6 million active BEES retailers across 10 countries had access to Mi Negocio, and approximately 60% of these retailers used the feature every month to access insights to support their business growth.

Launched in 2022 by our local subsidiary Backus, Emprendedoras Backus aims to contribute to the progress of small merchants in Peru.

The program targets local wineries, mini markets and liquor stores to offer digital capacity building lessons on Zoom and YouTube Live.

In 2022, our agronomy teams connected more than 12,000 smallholder farmers with access to local agronomic advice, weather forecasts and market information.

Farmers often received this information through SMS and voice messages during the growing season.

Integrating Do a Chela with BEES has increased rates of participation and engagement, while also boosting commercial activity through rewards points and access to inventory credit.

In 2022, the program has trained more than 800 small retailers, of which 65% were women.

In a testament to the program’s success, 96% of respondents stated in a survey they would implement the learnings into their daily businesses, with 93% of participants considering the information as relevant or very relevant.

Given the success of Emprenededoras Backus and the number of small retailers impacted by COVID 19, we are providing support to the AB InBev Foundation’s partnership with the innovation laboratory of the Inter American Development Bank (IDB Lab) to scale up the program in the region.

The AB InBev Foundation and IDB Lab signed an agreement in 2022 to implement similar solutions for small retailers across Mexico, Peru, Ecuador, Panama, Dominican Republic, Honduras and El Salvador.

Looking ahead We plan to continue focusing on driving business value and supply chain resilience through enhancing the socio economic opportunities of entrepreneurs.

In response to feedback from our agronomists and implementation partners on how to reach a broader range of farmers, we continued to develop visual training materials for smallholder farmers that could be tailored to local contexts.

From land preparation to crop storage and handling, visual crop production guides for cassava and sorghum illustrated practices that help improve crop yield and quality.

We also partnered with Rabobank’s Rabo Partnerships to develop a visual training handbook to facilitate financial literacy training.

Connecting smallholder farmers to mobile financial services in Tanzania In Tanzania, we partnered with BanQu and Vodacom to support local smallholder farmers growing the high quality sorghum needed to brew local beers.

The blockchain based platform provides farmers secure mobile access to credit, banking and financial services to help them invest in equipment and inputs for their farms and to help communities prosper.

To this end, Vodacom’s mobile money service, M Pesa, is integrated on the purchasing platform, BanQu, enabling direct deposit of payment by TBL to farmers’ M Pesa accounts.

Listeners with phones were invited to share their questions on air, which helped the team further tailor broadcasts to the interests of local farmers.

In Brazil, we employed the digital platform ManejeBem, which includes chat and video features, to extend technical assistance to more than 200 farmers.

This system is expected to increase transparency and traceability of payments through our agricultural value chain.

It aims to reduce the risk of payment fraud, enhance long term yield management and improve farmer access to credit and other financial services over the long term.

Our company must be an inclusive and diverse workplace where everyone feels they belong regardless of their personal characteristics or social identities.

Our greatest strength is our people, and we support the opportunity for every individual to excel.

We work to continue fostering an inclusive workplace so that everyone can succeed in our business.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Our strategy We believe that our DEI strategy is critical to driving business performance and innovation and creating a future with more cheers.

An Inclusive Future is one where everyone belongs: one where we can all be our true, authentic selves at home, at work and in our communities.

An Empowered Future is one of greater shared prosperity: one where more people have access to greater economic opportunity and.

An Equitable Future is one where we work to ensure equity for all: one that includes opportunities for everyone.

We are advancing initiatives for a future that is Inclusive, Empowered and Equitable across our zones and throughout our value chain, positively impacting our people, suppliers, customers, consumers and communities.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action           Leading the industry to be more inclusive In Europe, we launched our anti harassment and anti discrimination campaign, ItStopsWithMe.

It centers on asking individuals to commit to speaking up and calling out harassment and discrimination if they witness it.

Raising the bar on benefits Our menu of inclusive benefits promotes our shared goal of creating belonging and enhancing well being.

Our Global Parental Leave Standard offers 16 weeks of parental leave to the primary caregiver, which includes all gender identities and all entry points to parenthood, and two weeks to the secondary caregiver.

Inspired by the progress we made on our return to work programs in Europe, we have expanded similar programs for our colleagues in other local markets, such as Argentina and Canada, to help returning parents stay connected and offer more flexibility when transitioning back to work.

We have introduced inclusive benefits such as gender affirming medical support for transgender colleagues in the US and Canada, and financial and legal support for name changes for colleagues in Brazil and Colombia.

After implementing our Domestic Violence Leave Policy internally, we continued to build on this momentum externally.

Through our brands, we have been raising awareness on the issue of gender based violence.

Carling Black Label, via its Champions for Change campaign, encouraged men to talk about their emotions by using sport and art as mediums of self expression.

The brand put this message on our cans and conducted on the ground workshops in local communities, understanding that men who express themselves emotionally are less likely to commit acts of abuse.

Prioritizing inclusion and diversity with ERGs Our employee resource groups (ERGs) around the world continue to grow and expand to welcome new colleagues into inclusive, safe spaces.

In Brazil, ERGs created toolkits around key moments throughout the year with tips and resources on how to develop more inclusive environments for diverse colleagues.

These toolkits were cascaded to managers to share with their teams and focused on mental health, LGBTQ , gender and racial equity.

This event brought together thousands of colleagues for the first ever Mulan Innovation Challenge, an invitation for women to develop creative ideas to grow our business with consumers.

Our recently launched 059 Coastline Craft beer, brewed by a female brewmaster, was enjoyed at 2022 Budweiser China Mulan Day.

In our North America Zone, our Women in Beer Beyond ERG offers a professional development network for women in the beer industry that provides educational programs and resources.

Creating a culture of respect Allyship is a key enabler of creating an inclusive culture.

We led intensive, expert facilitated allyship programs to deepen and expand inclusive leadership competencies for male leaders.

In our South America Zone, we rolled out the second round of our Male Allyship program, reaching an additional 80 men.

Given the success of the program, we also expanded it to an additional 19 senior leaders in our Global Sales Team.

Nurturing women’s potential We run targeted programs to empower women with the skills and resources they need to reach their full potential.

In Europe, we launched the Female Leadership Academy, a 10 week program to help foster a female leader community.

In 2022, 45 women participated in our Women’s Leadership Program, a one year executive development program to help women leaders across all our markets.

While we are pleased to see steady improvement in the representation of women in our leadership pipeline, we recognize that we still have opportunities to make progress on women’s representation in senior leadership.

Representing the underrepresented In Brazil, we are working to increase the representation of underrepresented groups through work with the Representa Internship program.

In the US, our brand Presidente launched Step Up to the Plate, an internship program in partnership with the Hispanic Scholarship Fund to help Hispanic students learn the business side of sports marketing.

Also in the US, the Natalie Johnson Scholarship, launched by Budweiser and the United Negro College Fund, provides annual monetary awards for students pursuing STEM majors applicable to careers in brewing.

This five year commitment marks Budweiser’s continued support to promote diversity in the brewing industry by providing additional education and opportunities to the Black community and encourage representation from the Black community in brewing.

Empowering diverse suppliers We believe that working with and supporting diverse businesses creates more innovation and enables us to respond better to the needs of our consumers.

To that end, we have sourced from more than 5,000 diverse suppliers globally and have also provided training to increase the pool of qualified diverse suppliers.

In the US, our colleagues led two Supplier Readiness Bootcamp sessions with the US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.

In our Middle Americas Zone, we worked with the AB InBev Foundation and WeConnect to prepare 40 women suppliers to join our online supplier base and trained our buyers and suppliers on our D I Supplier strategy.

In Europe, the European Diversity Awards recognized our supplier diversity efforts as the European Supplier Diversity Program of the Year.

We have worked with an independent party to conduct a pay equity review.

There is no statistically significant difference in base pay between women and men.

Led by our CEO, our Global DEI Council includes several members from our Senior Leadership Team as well as representatives from each of our geographic zones and business teams.

The goal of our Global DEI Council is to drive our strategy and approach to DEI initiatives across our business globally.

In 2022, we created a new leadership position to grow our DEI strategy.

We appointed our first Global Vice President of DEI, who reports directly to our Chief People Officer and works cross functionally to further our DEI efforts.

I truly believe that our purpose can be applied to everything we do, including and especially in our initiatives for diversity, equity and inclusion.

A future with more cheers is one that everyone can celebrate and everyone can share.

Additionally, all managers receive unconscious bias training as part of our annual people review process.

Accelerate Her program, which has already sponsored seven women drivers.

Michelob ULTRA committed to investing 100 million USD over the next five years toward women’s sports and adding to its roster of women athletes and influencers to increase their visibility.

The Michelob ULTRA Run Fund, for example, encourages more women athletes to run marathons by giving them the chance to win a bib to the 2023 TCS New York City Marathon and offering training programs for them to make their marathon debut.

Busch Light in North America has also taken steps to address gender inequities in sports.

As the company’s ultimate decision making body, the Board’s ESG oversight includes approval of strategies and review of ESG performance.

The Board received multiple updates on ESG matters in 2022, including on sustainability and DEI.

Remuneration linked to ESG targets ESG related targets tied to annual variable performance related compensation (bonuses) are cascaded from the highest level of our company to business and operating units.

In 2022, more than 3,000 colleagues across zones and teams carried annual performance targets linked to delivering our ESG strategy.

In addition to our Chief Sustainability Officer, these included our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Supply Officer, Chief People Officer and General Counsel as well as several of our Zone leadership members, for whom the ESG related target typically would account for 10 to 20% of their annual short term bonus.

Internal ESG committees Internal committees manage ESG topics that span functions and geographies.

They provide visibility and accountability and foster collaboration and the sharing of best practices between zones and functions.

These committees include the Sustainability Council, the DEI Council, the Global Human Rights Steering Committee and the Global Smart Drinking Community of Practice.

DEI in leadership We believe that a diverse team improves the quality of decision making and ultimately improves overall performance.

Voyager Plant Optimization (VPO, applicable to agricultural, packaging and beverage operations) and.

Distribution Process Optimization (DPO, applicable to Tier 2 wholly owned distribution centers).

Both systems include policies, standards and operating practices that cover all aspects of our supply chain operations, including safety, quality, environment and human resource requirements.

All requirements within VPO and DPO meet or exceed the relevant legal and regulatory requirements where we operate, while also meeting or exceeding internationally recognized certification program standards such as the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), the British Retail Consortium (BRC) and the Global Food Safety Index (GFSI).

DEI is a global priority for AB InBev’s Senior Leadership Team (SLT), as they are important enablers of the success of the company and its people.

Launched by AB InBev in 2020, the Global Diversity, Equity Inclusion Council is chaired by the CEO and includes a diverse group of representative leaders from zones and functions.

The Council is dedicated to collaborating on impactful decisions and championing DEI at the highest levels of the organization.

We are proud that our colleagues represent 132 nationalities across the business, with 28 nationalities represented on the SLT and the management level directly below SLT.

For more information on how we are championing DEI across the company and our value chain ratio as last reporting year), and there is a two percentage point increase of women in the senior management level below compared to last year.

AB InBev continues working to promote all aspects of diversity in its senior management team, with a focus on building a diverse talent pipeline, considering skills, education, experience and background.

The process for nominating and selecting candidates for the Board of Directors is described in the Corporate Governance Charter of Anheuser Busch InBev.

The company aims to have a balanced and diverse Board primarily considering, among other things, the relevant skills, education, experience and background of directors.

Currently, five out of 15 Board members are women (same ratio as last reporting year).

Reference is made in the Corporate Governance Statement of the Annual Report for a short biography of each of the members of the Board of Directors and of the SLT, as well as further information on the applicable Belgian legal gender diversity requirements.

Benchmarking to industry standards Our VPO and DPO Safety systems were developed through internal and cross industry benchmarking while also considering internationally accepted safety standards such as ISO 45001.

Our VPO and DPO Quality systems were developed from more than 150 years of quality experience and best practices, while also considering internationally accepted quality and global food safety standards such as ISO 9001 and GFSI and.

Our VPO and DPO Environmental Management systems were developed through internal and industry benchmarking and by considering internationally accepted standards such as ISO 45001.

These systems have been key enablers for our reductions to date in water and energy usage and GHG emissions.

Demonstrating commitment to shareholder communication AB InBev is committed to creating value for its shareholders.

The company encourages its shareholders to take an active interest in the company.

In support of this objective, it strives to provide quality information, in a timely fashion, through a variety of communication tools.

These include annual reports, half yearly reports, ESG reports, quarterly statements, financial results announcements, briefings and a section that is dedicated to investors on the AB InBev website (www.ab inbev.com investors.html).

AB InBev recognizes that a commitment to disclosure builds trust and confidence with shareholders and the public in general.

The company adopted a Disclosure Manual to demonstrate its commitment to best practices in transparency.

This manual is designed to help ensure full, consistent and timely disclosure of company activities.

Upholding shareholder rights Prior to the annual meeting, shareholders are invited to submit any questions they have for the Chairman or CEO for discussion during the meeting.

The agenda for the shareholders’ meeting and all related documents are also posted on the AB InBev website at least 30 days in advance of any shareholders’ meeting.

Shareholders have the right to vote on resolutions related to company matters.

If they are unable to attend a meeting, they can submit their votes by mail or appoint a proxy.

Minutes of the meetings and results of the votes are posted on the AB InBev website shortly after the meeting (www.ab inbev.com investors corporate governance shareholder meetings.html).

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action The annual shareholder’s meeting in 2022 took place on April 27.

The convening notice for the upcoming annual shareholders’ meeting to be held on April 26, 2023, will be published on March 24, 2023, and will contain further information on the format of the meeting and modalities for participation.

Preventing the abuse of inside information The company’s Code of Dealing is applicable to all members of the Board of Directors, all members of senior management, all colleagues and certain associated persons.

The Code of Dealing aims to prevent the abuse of inside information, especially in periods leading up to price sensitive events or decisions or announcement of financial results.

The Code of Dealing prohibits dealing in the company’s securities by certain persons during any closed period, such as a period of 30 days preceding any results announcement of the company.

In addition, before dealing in any securities of the company, members of the Board of Directors, members of senior leadership, including all members of the Senior Leadership Team, and certain associated persons must obtain clearance in accordance with the procedure set forth in the Code of Dealing.

Compliance with the Code of Dealing is reinforced and monitored through the company’s Compliance Program.

Tax principles The beer industry is an engine of economic growth, job creation and sustainable development, supporting local communities and contributing to economic growth globally.

Acting with integrity and ethics and complying with applicable laws and regulations are important to how we operate our business.

Our tax principles, which apply to all subsidiaries of AB InBev, include actions and controls related to governance, compliance, implementation, and disclosure.

Tax management is the responsibility of the Finance function, and reports are provided to the Finance and Audit Committees of the Board.

The Finance Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in the areas of corporate finance, risk management, treasury controls, mergers and acquisitions, tax and legal, pension plans, financial communication and stock market policies and all other related areas as deemed appropriate.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in its responsibility for oversight of the integrity of the financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and environmental and social responsibilities, the statutory auditors’ qualification and independence, the performance of the statutory auditors and the internal audit function.

In accordance with EU Regulation 596 2014 on market abuse (MAR), the company establishes lists of insiders when required.

We are an important economic contributor to local economies, and we aim to comply with the tax legislation of the countries in which we operate.

Our decentralized structure links our taxes to our local profits.

We use the arm’s length principle in line with the guidelines established by the OECD, which is applied across our business.

We share required information regarding our structure with the relevant regulators, and we use Country by Country Reporting implemented as part of OECD BEPS action 13.

The implementation of the relevant statutory, regulatory and administrative frameworks is important to any governmental tax incentives supporting investment, employment, and economic development that we may receive.

We strive to work transparently with governmental bodies, encourage dialogue and build constructive relationships with tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate.

We promote responsible tax practices through our involvement in industry associations, governmental external bodies or multi lateral organizations (such as the World Bank, IMF and OECD).

Anheuser Busch InBev (AB InBev) is a company incorporated under Belgian law with a primary listing on Euronext Brussels and with secondary listings on the Mexico Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and with American Depositary Shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

As a Belgian company with a primary listing on Euronext, AB InBev adheres to the principles and provisions of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code, considering its specific status as a multinational group with secondary listings.

The Corporate Governance practices of Anheuser Busch InBev are described in our Corporate Governance Charter.

For further information relating to our Corporate Governance, including Board and Board Committee composition, responsibilities and practices, shareholder rights and our remuneration policy and practices, please see the Corporate Governance Statement in the 2022 Annual Report and the GRI Table on page 82 of this report.

In 2020, our materiality assessment process mapped key economic, social and environmental issues on a matrix based on the degree of stakeholder interest and potential business impact.

External stakeholders include civil society non governmental organizations (NGOs), customers (retailers) and consumers, regulators, business partners, suppliers and investors.

This matrix to the right illustrates the view of internal and external stakeholders interviewed, with the rankings helping to inform the evolution of our sustainability and responsibility strategy.

It is important to highlight that we do not view these issues in isolation, as in many cases they are interconnected.

In addition to this assessment, we engage stakeholders through various channels to stay informed about existing and emerging topics that are important to our stakeholders and our business to continue evolving our approach with the support of external expertise, industry best practice and feedback.

The table on the following pages gives an overview of how we engage key stakeholders throughout the year.

We will continue to assess how to monitor and report on our activities and related economic, social and environmental issues as regulations and frameworks continue to evolve, as further noted in our Annual Report.

We are closely connected to the communities where we live and work.

We strive to contribute positively to important issues such as sustainability, smart drinking and road safety in such communities.

We are focused on matters where we can be part of the solution and make the greatest positive impact.

Initiatives related to Smart Drinking and sustainability Activities supporting communities, such as disaster.

Local economic development Responsible business that contributes positively to response and volunteering society and the environment.

Beer brings people together to celebrate life, and we serve our consumers by striving to offer the highest quality products and meaningful brand experiences, always in a responsible way.

Events and activations DTC platforms Media Advertising and sponsorships Digital engagement (NFT’s, DTC delivery apps).

Product quality Brand purpose Responsible, transparent marketing.

We engage with policy makers at different levels in government to provide our views on issues that are important for our business and the well being of our communities.

We do this in alignment with our Code of Ethics and local legislation.

Official consultations to private sector Industry associations and groups Roundtable discussions Bilateral meetings.

We partner with valued retailers, bar owners, wholesalers and distributors to bring our beers to our consumers, while supporting their business growth, striving to provide best in class service as well as pursuing extraordinary execution of our brands on and off trade.

Customer services, BEES Sales meetings Events and activations Notices regarding products Social media and websites.

Public policy Regulations Harmful use alcohol reduction Environmental stewardship Road safety Disaster response.

Service quality Product quality Sales performance.

This is why we recruit and grow diverse talent who can help us as a company be the best version of ourselves .

We build an inclusive environment and collaborate to win together, as one team.

Annual engagement and pulse surveys Annual performance reviews Leadership townhalls Staff activities Intranet and websites Compliance Helpline.

A diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace Career development Workplace health and safety Well being and engagement.

Relationships, especially with our suppliers, are essential to our operations.

Mutual collaboration is a key element to creating a resilient supply chain that delivers value and contributes toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Supplier meetings Supplier assessments Partnerships Supplier development programs Industry events Compliance Helpline.

Transparent and fair procurement practices, in line with the Global Responsible Sourcing Policy.

We recognize no single organization can solve today’s global challenges alone.

Effective partnerships are critical to addressing the pressing challenges of today and tomorrow.

Industry associations and groups Multistakeholder collaborations Partnerships.

Working collectively to address pressing challenges Delivering the SDGs.

We value the trust of our shareholders and work to provide positive results.

We are committed to creating value and delivering consistent, profitable growth.

Annual and interim reports Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Investor relations meetings and webcasts Quarterly earnings calls Website disclosures.

Continued growth in corporate value Transparency and timely disclosure.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action External advisors We consult regularly with an independent, external group of experts as environmental advisors who focus on water and agricultural sustainability.

These advisors bring a diverse perspective and advise on decision making, target setting, program strategies and implementation of our Water Stewardship and Smart Agriculture programs.

This index provides more information on a broad range of ESG related topics that matter to our key stakeholders and are important to our business.

More than just a key ingredient in our products, water is a critical resource for the health and well being of every community around the world.

Water scarcity or poor water quality may increase production costs and capacity constraints or impact our license to operate, impact our reputation in the community or result in water related regulatory changes, which could adversely affect our business.

Climate change is one of the most pressing challenges facing our company globally.

Our business is closely tied to the natural environment: agricultural crops and water are our key ingredients, we require raw materials for our packaging, and we need energy and fuel to brew and transport our beers.

Climate change, as well as legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, could adversely affect our business.

Water intake by source Groundwater: 40.6% Third party: 40.3% Surface water: 19.1% Rainwater: 0.1%.

We intend to continue implementing tailored solutions across all our sites located in communities facing water stress and measuring our impact on water quality and availability.

We also plan to continue to identify and test innovative solutions to improve our internal water use efficiency as well as our external watershed work.

We intend to explore new technologies and partnerships and engage our supply chain through the Eclipse platform to deliver on our Climate Action Goal and work toward our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Reducing our energy use can help deliver long term financial benefits while also contributing to a reduction in our GHG emissions and supporting our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Environmental concerns, as well as legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Improving the materials we use can help deliver long term financial benefits and provide our business with long term packaging supply security while also eliminating waste.

Changes in the availability or price of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our operations.

We intend to continue exploring technologies and processes that have the potential to scale and reduce energy use within our operations.

We plan to continue to work across our operations and within our local communities to champion circular economy and systems transformation.

We intend to continue to pursue 100% recycling rates in our operations to work toward zero waste globally.

Recycled 99.50% of the waste generated in our beverage production processes in 2022.

With operations in nearly 50 countries, it is imperative that we manage our waste responsibly.

We not only strive to comply with local laws and regulations, but we also often apply our own higher global standards, especially in places where limited environmental regulations exist.

Environmental concerns, as well as legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could adversely affect our business.

Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into secondary materials versus the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

Through our business operations and value chain, we have the potential to impact people in both positive and negative ways.

We seek to embed respect for human rights within our decision making processes.

We understand that negative human rights impacts, whether actual or perceived, could undermine the trust of our stakeholders and could adversely impact our reputation and business.

Changes in the availability or price of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our operations.

We believe that respecting human rights is fundamental to creating healthy, thriving communities, as reflected in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

We depend on high quality agricultural crops from thriving communities and healthy ecosystems to brew our beers.

Social norms marketing is an evidence based methodology to reduce harmful consumption of alcohol, particularly when combined with our brands’ strong connection to consumers.

Suppliers representing 30% of global procurement spend ( 5,800 suppliers) assessed through risk management processes.

We intend to continue to strengthen our approach to human rights across our value chain.

More than 18,500 smallholder farmers in direct sourcing programs.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

Invested more than 700 million USD in social norms campaigns since 2016.

We plan to continue to seek out partnerships that will help enable scalable approaches to soil health, improved biodiversity and other regenerative agriculture practices across geographies and crops to help build resilient farming communities and food systems.

We plan to continue to prioritize embedding Smart Drinking into the architecture of our brands.

The remaining investment figures are under review.

Total investment could potentially change based on results of external assurance process results.

We aim to replicate and scale up, with the support of our community, three types of interventions that we have tested for reducing harmful drinking: responsible beverage service, screening and brief intervention and road safety.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

The WHO recommends giving consumers the choice of lower and non alcoholic beer options as a tool to reduce harmful consumption of alcohol.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

Our ability to successfully recruit, retain, manage and develop key personnel impacts our performance and the ability to operate our business.

Our labels and secondary packaging are a key touchpoint with consumers.

We know that diversity of thought delivers better decision making and more innovative ideas.

An inclusive workplace is also critical as it enables individuals to feel empowered to share their unique perspectives and ideas, supporting higher engagement, productivity and retention rates.

We aim to harness the power of digital in promoting Smart Drinking in our communities.

We plan to continue working to expand the availability of NABLAB products and to meet the needs of our consumers.

We plan to continue to include Smart Drinking messages on our products.

We plan to continue to share our progress and take measures to increase DEI within our company and across our value chain.

Supporting 67 programs across 25 countries using the evidence based techniques tested in our city pilots to reduce alcohol related harm in partnership with local experts, governments and the AB InBev Foundation.

Updated our label designs on 100% of our primary product packaging in all 26 countries where mandatory labeling is not required, sharing actionable information on how consumers can reduce harmful drinking.

Re worked how we measure quality across the supply chain to raise the bar for ourselves and further increase the ownership every employee has over product quality.

Enhanced our process quality and consistency via investments in new technology, equipment upgrades and data analytics.

Expanded the scope of our management systems to include our agronomy teams, including tools and concepts customized for their critical role in driving Seed to Sip quality of our products.

Launched online trainings focused on conflicts of interest, digital ethics principles and harassment bystander intervention.

Created a framework for the ethical use of data across our business.

Developed and implemented a digital risk management platform that was recognized in 2022 by The Financial Times as the best in house innovation product in risk management.

We plan further disciplined execution of our quality programs and upgrades to our management systems to better enable our teams to achieve our dream of being the world’s benchmark for safety, quality and end to end Supply Chain performance.

We plan to seek out opportunities to work with our colleagues and value chain partners to promote and maintain the highest standards of ethical behavior.

If any of our products are defective or found to contain contaminants, we may be subject to product recalls or other associated liabilities, which could adversely impact our business, reputation and performance.

We operate in emerging markets that present political, economic and operational risks.

We operate in countries with a broad range of cultures and business practices, making it important that we are guided by a clear and consistent code of business ethics and guidelines for all of our colleagues around the world.

The health and safety of our colleagues and partners is a core value of our company.

We are committed to training our colleagues to make the right choices for safety, for themselves and for others.

We depend on high quality agricultural crops and water from healthy ecosystems and can help protect and restore biodiversity through our work in agriculture and watersheds.

We rely on the products and services of millions of small businesses, including farmers, suppliers, retailers, start ups and recycling collectors.

Our people have always been, and will always be, our greatest strength.

By looking after their well being and development and investing in our people, we create human capital for our business.

The health and safety of our colleagues and partners, as well as safety issues within our own operations or those of our suppliers, could lead to negative impacts on our performance, ability to operate and reputation.

Environmental concerns, as well as legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could adversely affect our business and operations.

Effective supplier and distribution networks enable us to produce and deliver our products to consumers.

Disruptions in these networks could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our ability to successfully recruit, retain, manage and develop key personnel impacts our performance and the ability to operate our business.

We plan to continue working to prevent serious injuries and fatalities, reducing occupational injuries by reducing exposure to safety hazards and further building a culture of safety across our entire business.

We plan to seek out ways to embed biodiversity initiatives into our programs and to engage with partners and industry groups to drive greater collaboration on biodiversity.

We plan to continue seeking out partnerships that empower small businesses and entrepreneurs across our value chain to help promote their success.

We plan to continue to listen to, develop and empower our people.

Worked with TNC to integrate water management and biodiversity into our soil health framework.

Part of the TNFD and collaborating with others on developing a framework of risk management and disclosure organizations to report and act on evolving nature related risks and opportunities.

More than 18,500 smallholder farmers in direct sourcing programs.

Trained colleagues on functional curriculum, including trainings for frontline colleagues, Marketing and Sales Academies for commercial colleagues, and Brewmaster for supply colleagues.

We believe we can play a positive role in building communities that are more resilient to disasters and crises by working alongside government, civil society and other private sector organizations to reduce disaster risk and support response efforts whenever disasters occur.

Every year, many communities around the world are affected by droughts, earthquakes, wildfires, floods, other natural disasters and crises.

These occurrences are on the rise, and this trend is set to continue, driven by urbanization, the degradation of natural ecosystems and climate change.

Our people are passionate about supporting their communities.

Sustainable and inclusive growth of the communities where we live and work is fundamental to our business success.

We intend to continue leveraging our business capabilities and local connections to support our communities in preparing for and responding to disasters and crises.

We will work to find new ways to empower our colleagues to share their talents and time to strengthen their communities.

Announced humanitarian relief in Ukraine, through the AB InBev Efes joint venture, providing counseling, housing and financial support to JV colleagues and their families.

Ukraine’s most loved beer brand, in 14 markets globally.

Continued to support our communities during natural disasters in North America with more than three million cans of emergency drinking water donated to people impacted in the US and Canada.

Donated time and knowledge, as well as online management classes, to support NGOs in Brazil.

Continued the Me Uno program in Colombia to connect colleagues to volunteering opportunities, with over 7,000 volunteers joining the program over the last 5 years.

Partnered with the US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce to train diverse suppliers.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals are our most ambitious yet.

Introduced in March 2018, the goals aim for holistic environmental and social impact as well as transformational change across our entire value chain.

Our company’s leadership and a cross functional team of more than 70 colleagues designed these goals to deliver bold action today with measurable results to drive long term resilience and lasting positive impact.

Progress toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals and other key metrics related to climate, water, agriculture and packaging can be found in the table to the right.

Assured Metric (please refer to External Assurance Report on page 103) As explained in the report scope on page 101, the 2022 ESG Report has been aligned to the group’s financial reporting.

For comparison, the 2018 2021 results and the 2017 baseline, have been amended to align with the 2022 reporting scope.

Information regarding the historical reporting scope and related 2017 2021 baseline and performance data can be found in our 2021 ESG Report, which is available on our website.

For individual key indicators and in aggregate, the impact of this change in reporting scope is negligible for our relative ESG performance over the 2017 2022 time period with the exception of recycled content in PET, which is explained on page 52.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals, which are relative, remain the same.

Our goals and data as included in the table on water, GHG emissions per hectoliter of production and energy pertain to our beverage facilities only and do not encompass our vertical operations such as malt plants and packaging facilities.

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompass beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities.

Scope 1 accounts for 77.32% of our operational emissions and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and in cogeneration plants that generate on site electricity.

Scope 2 accounts for about 22.7% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix of supplier based numbers, global emission factors and assumptions.

Purchased Goods and Services, Upstream and Downstream Distribution, Product Cooling (including on and off premise but excluding at home cooling) and End of Life.

Around 50% of emissions are calculated with own data or data reported by suppliers through the CDP.

In line with our 2025 Sustainability Goals, energy reporting will shift to energy purchased versus energy usage.

Energy purchased per hl aligns with our RE100 sustainability goal of offsetting 100% of our purchased electricity with electricity sourced from renewable resources.

Energy purchased per hl was not reported for breweries acquired from SABM in 2017.

We report renewable electricity by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the progress of all renewable electricity contracted, regardless of the market in which the renewable electricity was used or if it was used in our operations.

The operational electricity metric measures our actual annual realization towards our goal of 100% renewable electricity in each of the regions where we operate by 2025.

Smart Agriculture data is based on annual estimates.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action       Table 1.

All advertising impressions are targeted to those above the legal drinking age.

We have updated our label designs on 100% of our primary product packaging in all 26 countries where mandatory labeling is not required.

Today, our labels share clear, actionable information on how consumers can reduce harmful drinking.

Invest one billion USD across our markets in dedicated social marketing campaigns and related programs by the end of 2025.

We are on track to deliver our 1 billion USD goal by 2025, with investment of more than 700 million USD since 2016.

Our Responsible Marketing and Communications Code Member of the International Alliance for Responsible Drinking (IARD).

The remaining investment figures are under review.

Total investment could potentially change based on results of external assurance process results.

Our packaging goal applies to our primary packaging which represents more than 82% of our total packaging volume by weight globally, though our work in circularity extends to secondary packaging and post consumer waste.

Our priority crops include barley, rice, hops, maize, sorghum and cassava.

Social and environmental considerations for these supply chains are discussed in the Sustainable Agriculture and TCFD sections of this report.

We believe that the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the 17 UN SDGs are a foundation for a sustainable future, and therefore, we support their advancement.

Implement skills training and increase access to finance, insurance and technology for smallholder farmers, informal recycling collectors and small retailers in our value chain.

Seek to empower more than 3.1 million small and medium sized retailers in 20 countries through our.

Work with farmers and communities in high risk watersheds to increase water resilience.

Invest in research and extension to increase farmer resilience through the adoption of sustainable farming practices and improved crop varieties.

Work to strengthen ecosystems of recycling cooperatives and collectors through initiatives like the development of a model cooperative for best practice sharing and the implementation of digital tools that offer connection to individual collectors and provide greater access to financial incentives.

Work with more than 23,900 farmers through our direct sourcing programs, of which more than 18,500 are smallholders.

In 2022, 89% of direct farmers were Skilled, 72% were Connected and 72% were Financially Empowered.

Partnered with the Sustainable Food Lab and other major food and beverage companies to launch an initiative that provides farmers in the US with agronomic support to improve soil health.

Trial and evaluate ways to advance sustainable agriculture practices while improving productivity through a global network of seven model farms.

Invest in technology to advance crop research and variety development for barley as well as for smallholder crops like cassava and sorghum.

Innovating with biotech advancements in our production capabilities through initiatives like EverGrain and BioBrew to develop sustainable sources of protein.

Invested 700 million USD in social norms marketing programs and campaigns since 2016.

Updated label designs on 100% of our primary product packaging in all 26 countries where mandatory labeling is not required, sharing actionable information on how consumers can reduce harmful drinking.

In 2022, 6.11% of our global beer volume was less than 3.5% ABV and 14.5% was below 3.9% ABV.

Partnered with the AB InBev Foundation and Together for Safer Roads to scale the FOCUS on Fleet Safety program, a guide for smaller commercial fleet operators to adopt effective road safety standards.

Implement skills training programs for smallholder farmers, informal recycling collectors and small retailers in our value chain, with a specific focus on engaging and empowering women.

Provide training and tools to suppliers to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains through the Eclipse platform.

Continue to hire, develop and promote women across our organization, with women making up 14% of our top three leadership levels, 28% of our top five leadership levels, 35% of our salaried workforce and 22% of our overall workforce.

Offer 16 weeks of parental leave to the primary caregiver, which includes all gender identities and all entry points to parenthood, and two weeks to the secondary caregiver through our Global Parental Leave Standard.

In 2022, 45 women participated in our Women’s Leadership Program, a one year executive development.

Led intensive, expert facilitated allyship programs to deepen and expand inclusive leadership competencies for male leaders.

Develop partnerships and programs to empower women retailers, farmers, waste collectors and suppliers across our value chain.

Sourced from more than 5,000 diverse suppliers globally, of which more than 1,500 are women, and also providedtraining to increase the pool of qualified diverse suppliers.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

Engage local stakeholders to identify and implement tailored solutions to improve water quality and availability in our communities facing water stress: 100% of 36 sites located in high stress areas have analyzed local water challenges, 100% of sites located in high stress areas have started implementing solutions and six sites located in high stress areas are already seeing measurable impact.

Supporting farmers to adopt drip irrigation and conservation agriculture practices and implementing nature based solutions in our Aquas Firmes watershed project in Mexico.

Focusing on improving water availability through the restoration of ancestral water channels and strengthening water management capacity of rural communities in our amunas watershed project in Peru.

Supported development of a Payment for Environmental Services program that helps to incentivize the adoption of conservation practices such as soil conservation, permanent preservation and forest maintenance through our ongoing engagement in the Bacias Jaguariuna water fund in Brazil.

Identify and implement solutions to improve our operational water use efficiency through internal management system and innovation initiatives.

Achieved a water use efficiency ratio of 2.64 hl hl, a more than 14.3% improvement since 2017.

Received an A rating from CDP for corporate transparency and performance on water security and.

Continue to demonstrate our leadership in water stewardship by engaging in global partnerships such as the Water Resilience Coalition, the 2030 Water Resources Group and the Beverage Industry Environmental Roundtable.

Converted more than 4,000 bars and resaturants in Brazil to renewable electricity through our subsdiary.

Announced the opening of VERBUND’s Pinos Puente solar park in Spain, which is one of the largest cross border solar energy deals in Europe to date.

Achieved 10 carbon neutral operations in four countries in 2022, in addition to the three carbon neutral operation already announced in 2021) and.

Partnered with Sorbotics throught the 100 Accelerator to improve energy savings and efficiencies in our brewing operations, using its machine learning software for real time manufacturing optimizations.

Employed approximately 167,000 colleagues across our global operations.

Developed guidance and tools with the help of the Centre for Child Rights and Business to help our colleagues and partners better understand and handle situations involving child work on farms.

Launched Safe Together, a behavioral internal safety program focused on safety leadership supporting colleague empowerment.

Partnered with Sunman throught the 100 Accelerator to install solar modules on the Wuhan brewery rooftop and test the efficacy of eArc panels on non conventional surfaces.

Identify and manage key areas of focus in our value chain related to human rights risk map through our due diligence processes.

Working to increase the representation of underrepresented groups through work with the Representa.

All managers recieve unconscious bias trainings as a part of our annual people review process.

Provided more than 10 million cans of emergency drinking water.

Recycled 99.50% of the waste generated in our beverage production processes in 2022.

Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into secondary materials versus the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

Set ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040.

Reduced Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions 39.2% versus 2017 baseline.

Reduced Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 9.6% versus 2017 baseline.

Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement.

Continued to build a low carbon fleet across many of our markets.

Continued investing in barley variety research through our Global Barley Research Center in Fort Collins,.

Received an A rating from CDP for corporate transparency and performance on climate change.

Our global brand Corona continued to invest in plastic waste mitigation activities across markets, including:.

Published report with WWF entitled Waterways to Resilience: Nature based Solutions for Adaptation in.

Partner with The Nature Conservancy to develop and implement a framework for soil health in our direct sourcing regions.

Developed partnership with WWF and other stakeholders in South Africa to conduct clearing of invasive plant species to increase water availability and potect the watershed and biodiversity in the hops growing region of George, South Africa.

In 2022 trained more than 25,000 colleagues across all zones on relevant Ethics Compliance topics.

Launched online trainings focused on conflicts of interest, digital ethics principles and harassment.

Use our compliance data analytics platform BrewRIGHT to aggregate, standardize and visualize company systems to identify, detect and prevent fraud and corruption within our operations.

Engage in industry associations and groups and multilateral organizations (see page 72 for a list of examples).

Worked with 116 startups since 2018 through the 100 Accelerator to validate and scale sustainable technologies, partnering with The Coca Cola Company, Colgate Palmolive, Unilever and other local partners to catalyze innovation.

Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement emission reduction initiatives and work on collaborative innovations and.

Engaged in road safety partnerships, for instance with TSR, UNITAR and MADD.

We are committed to the UN Global Compact and its 10 Principles for responsible business and the SDGs.

Below is a reference for where more information can be found in relation to each principle.

Understanding the potential climate related risks and opportunities for our business and value chain informs our long term strategy.

We believe this enables us to innovate, create shared value for our company and our stakeholders and engage our consumers and future talent on the issues that matter to them.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures As we seek to continue transitioning to a more sustainable, low carbon economy, we have examined our business using the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to assess risks and opportunities related to climate change.

We have assessed the potential risks and opportunities to our business and reputation that may come from changes in policy and law, new technology, evolving consumer sentiment and market conditions, as well as acute and chronic physical risks.

We have used a multipronged approach for our analysis, engaging with academia, NGOs, government institutions and industry alliances to understand climate patterns and evaluate future risk and opportunities.

Although this report contains statements based on hypothetical or severely adverse scenarios and assumptions, these statements should not necessarily be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk.

In addition, our climate risk scenario analysis and net zero strategy remain under development as we continue to refine our analysis of and response to potential future climate risks and opportunities.

Further, the data and methodology underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution over time.

In particular, we believe the methodology of climate scenario analysis and carbon accounting will continue to evolve and improve over time, especially as it relates to Scope 3 emissions.

As such, in future reports, certain disclosures may differ from those contained in this report as a result of improvements to the quality and completeness of our data and updates to our methodology over time.

Governance Please refer to the ESG oversight section on page 66 of this report.

Strategy Through our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we are building climate resilience by committing to purchase 100% of our electricity from renewable sources and reduce our GHG emissions by 25% across our value chain.

In 2018, following the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recommendation, we committed to reducing absolute Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 35% by 2025 from a 2017 base year, in line with the pathway to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.

Furthermore, we committed to increasing annual sourcing of renewable electricity from 7% in 2016 to 100% by 2025.

We also committed to reducing emissions across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 25% per hectoliter by 2025, from a 2017 base year.

We included over 87% of our total Scope 3 emissions in our science based target, putting us well over the two thirds inclusion threshold recommended by the Science Based Targets initiative.

In December 2021, we announced our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040.

We include the following Scope 3 categories in our ambition to achieve net zero, which represent more than 90% of our Scope 3 emissions: Purchased goods and services Upstream transportation Emissions from fuel use not included in Scopes.

Downstream transportation Use of sold products (product cooling) End of product life Waste.

In 2022, about 3.01% of our emissions, or around 0.84 million tons GHG emissions, came from electricity consumption in our own operations.

We are committed to reducing 100% of these emissions by adopting 100% renewable electricity by 2025.

Our strategy to reach this goal is based on adding more renewable capacity to the grids of the countries where we operate, taking a market by market approach to identify solutions for each individual grid.

As members of the global corporate renewable energy initiative RE100, we align with the initiative’s current guidelines with our renewable electricity sources coming from solar, wind, biomass, biogas, geothermal and water.

We also align with current RE100 guidelines on energy generation, leveraging self generated energy through either on site installations or off site PPAs.

Logistics, including upstream and downstream distribution, represented around 10.3% of our global GHG emissions in 2022.

These emissions come from the burning of petrol, diesel and other fuels in all forms of transportation, including trucks, ships and trains.

As a part of our commitment to reduce our GHG emissions by 25% per hectoliter across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year, we are reducing our emissions from logistics and transportation through initiatives such as route optimization and the use of alternative fuel vehicles, the latter of which we have piloted across our zones.

Through the strategic plan of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we estimate that we will eliminate over five million tons of CO2e across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2025 from a 2017 baseline.

Through the annual assessment described below, we develop a non exhaustive list of our risk factors and uncertainties, which can be found in our Annual Report under the Risks and Uncertainties section.

We evaluate transition and physical risks linked to climate change in line with TCFD recommendations.

Risks associated to our organization are related to both our direct operations and supply chain and range from the potential impact of carbon pricing in the geographies where we operate, to risks associated with climate pattern changes, to water scarcity and extreme weather events across our value chain.

We also consider the risks related to market changes and consumer expectation as well as the impact these could have on our reputation as a company.

Furthermore, we have undertaken an analysis of our barley sourcing to assess the possible impacts of climate change as well as to identify areas of high production potential.

Climate related risks and impact Since 2021, we have performed an annual assessment of short term climate risks, in line with the guidelines issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Enterprise Risk Management Framework of 2017.

Through this assessment, we develop a non exhaustive list of our risk factors and uncertainties, which can be found in our Annual Report under the Risks and Uncertainties section.

We evaluate transition and physical risks associated to climate change in line with TCFD recommendations.

Risks to our organization are related to both our direct operations and supply chain and range from the potential impact of carbon pricing in the geographies where we operate, to risks associated with climate pattern changes, to water scarcity and extreme weather events across our value chain.

We also consider the risks related to market changes and consumer expectation as well as the impact these could have on our reputation as a company.

As part of our work to align with the core recommendations of TCFD, we have begun to assess climate risk scenarios to identify climate related impacts and understand the resilience of our climate related strategy over various time horizons.

In 2022, we updated our climate risk scenario analysis, which is outlined here.

Our assessment shows that all scenarios analyzed present financial risks related to both transition and physical risks.

Based on the analysis, we expect that the most significant impacts are in our agricultural supply chain and in selected physical risks related to water availability, as described here.

We recognize the importance of continuing to analyze potential climate related impacts and to further integrate the results of these analyses into decision making processes as our company evolves and climate related science progresses.

Identify and monitor warning signals and strategize climate related risks and opportunities using a four step process: weather events and or water scarcity in both our operations and supply chain.

To evaluate risks and opportunities, we set a time horizon as follows: a.

Short term: 1 5 years (included in our existing risk management processes) b.

To help guide the risks and opportunities included for analysis in the 2022 update, we engaged with leaders across functions and geographic regions of the business to prioritize a list of topics that could have the most significant impact to the business.

The selected topics and associated analysis can be found in the tables on the following page.

In line with the recommendations of the TCFD framework, we evaluated risks associated with: a.

Policy: the environmental policies and regulatory considerations where our organization operates and the implications on our direct and indirect supply chain b.

The risks and opportunities described here were considered under two scenarios for physical risks and two scenarios for transition risks, taking into account the implications over the long and medium term.

Short term risks are not considered here, as the analysis of these risks are included in our internal risk management processes.

For more information on the short terms risks to our business related to climate, please see the management report of our 2022 Annual Report.

Physical Risks Scenario 1: RCP 4.5, a high mitigation scenario where emissions start declining by mid century.

Physical Risks Scenario 2: RCP 8.5, an extreme global warming scenario in which global warming reaches 4 degrees Celsius, representing a failure of policy makers to implement the Paris Climate Agreement.

Transition Risks Scenario 1: Business as usual, as per Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) considering current policy settings (already implemented or confirmed upcoming policies).

Transition Risks Scenario 2: Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE), that shows a narrow but achievable pathway for the global energy sector to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, aligned with the 1.5 degrees Celsius scenario.

The outcome of this analysis has informed our climate strategy as described in this report (pages 36 41).

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action Scenario analysis outcomes and our related response The following tables summarize the outcomes of our analysis.

While these scenarios included in our analysis provide divergent potential futures, we believe that our current strategy will enable us to address the potential risks and opportunities presented under each scenario.

Low In this scenario, potential negative financial impacts could result from yield decreases and the resulting costs of barley production losses in some regions in the short term due to the impact of climate change.

It is also possible in this scenario that new barley growing regions could develop due to changes in climate.

Low In this scenario, extreme weather such as decreases in seasonable precipitation could result in longer term disruptions of agricultural supply chains and increased costs for our materials due to yield.

No immediate impacts are expected in the short term.

Medium In this scenario, negative financial impacts would be expected from projected yield declines and costs for replacing barley production due to longer term climate impacts like sustained higher temperatures.

Low In this scenario, event driven climate impacts such as extreme drought could reduce barley quality and quantity in the longer term and would be expected to have negative financial impacts on the costs of barley production.

We depend on a reliable, quality supply of agricultural crops to create our products.

The company employs crop research and agronomy teams and invests in agricultural technologies to manage raw materials costs and minimize disruptions.

Across our sourcing regions, we work to develop higher yielding, higher quality brewing crop varieties that are also resource efficient, disease resistant and resilient to climate stressors such as drought.

For barley in particular, we support farmers on their crop production practices with analytics and insights to help improve crop management decisions from season to season.

Low In this scenario, projected availability of future water volume at certain sites represents an acute risk based on local hydrological and meteorological indicators.

High In this scenario, negative financial impacts are estimated to be higher because of the potential for reduced production across sites due to chronic water risk and availability.

We developed a water risk assessment tool that leverages external data sources and input from our local teams to review our operational risk globally on a quarterly basis.

Using this tool, we have identified and continue to prioritize our sites that are located in high stress areas.

We are focused on being part of the solution to the growing water challenges across our communities and supply chain by aiming to drive water use efficiency within our operations and investing in shared water security and watershed health in local communities.

High In this scenario, some exposure to future costs associated with carbon taxation and carbon pricing schemes are expected but climate regulations are not projected to change significantly.

Such policy frameworks may limit pathways to meeting our long term climate ambitions.

Low In this scenario, exposure to potentially higher costs associated with carbon taxation and carbon pricing schemes are expected as climate regulations accelerate.

Policy frameworks are expected to be more conducive to meeting our long term climate ambitions.

Our local operations in every country in which we operate evaluate relevant regulatory risks and opportunities.

This informs strategic decisions on investments and plans related to carbon pricing.

As part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we have set a science based target to reduce our GHG emissions by 25% per hectoliter across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year and to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35% in the same timeframe.

We believe this goal, coupled with our ambition to achieve net zero, can help mitigate the impact of potential upcoming regulations by reducing our direct emissions.

Medium In this scenario, exposure to shifts in the supply and demand for aluminum are expected based on the carbon cost associated with the procurement of aluminum.

No emissions reductions are expected from increasing the share of recycled aluminum in the market.

Medium In this scenario, exposure to market risks in the supply and demand for aluminum are expected based on the carbon cost associated with the procurement of aluminum.

There is expected potential for reducing costs and emissions through an increase in the share of recycled aluminum sourced.

Medium In this scenario, exposure to shifts in the supply and demand for glass are expected along with related carbon costs and little potential for emission reductions from increasing the share of recycled glass in the market.

Medium In this scenario, exposure to future shifts in the supply and demand for glass are expected along with related carbon costs but with more potential for emission and cost reductions from increasing the share of recycled glass sourced.

We continue to innovate and partner with key suppliers through our Eclipse platform to support decarbonization in our packaging supply chains and to help solve existing and future challenges to increasing recycled content, specifically in glass and aluminum.

As explained in the report scope on page 101, the 2022 ESG Report has been aligned to the group’s financial reporting.

For comparison, the 2018 2021 results and the 2017 baseline, have been amended to align with the 2022 reporting scope.

Information regarding the historical reporting scope and related 2017 2021 baseline and performance data can be found in our 2021 ESG Report, which is available on our website.

For individual key indicators and in aggregate, the impact of this change in reporting scope is negligible for our relative ESG performance over the 2017 2022 time period with the exception of recycled content in PET, which is explained on page 52.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals, which are relative, remain the same.

Our goals and data as included in the table on water, GHG emissions per hectoliter of production and energy pertain to our beverage facilities only and do not encompass our vertical operations such as malt plants and packaging facilities.

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompasses beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities.

Scope 1 accounts for 77.32% of our operational emissions and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and in cogeneration plants that generate on site electricity.

Scope 2 accounts for about 22.7% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix of supplier based numbers, global emission factors and assumptions.

Purchased Goods and Services, Upstream and Downstream Distribution, Product Cooling (including on and off premise but excluding at home cooling) and End of Life.

Around 50% of emissions are calculated with own data or data reported by suppliers through the CDP.

Renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new build renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the commitments we have already made to our 100% renewable electricity goal, while our operational electricity measures our actual annual realization.

This index references the WEF Stakeholder Capitalism Core Metrics where they may align with our disclosures.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action EU Taxonomy Overview of the EU Taxonomy Regulation This section contains the EU Taxonomy disclosures required by Article 8 of Regulation 2020 852 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation).

Article 9 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation identifies the following six environmental objectives: a) climate change mitigation b) climate change adaptation c) the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources d) the transition to a circular economy e) pollution prevention and control and f) the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

The EU has published a catalog of economic activities that can be considered for the first two environmental objectives: climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation (the Climate Delegated Regulations).

It is the view of management that our core economic activities related to producing and selling beer are not covered by the Climate Delegated Act and consequently are at present not considered for Taxonomy purposes.

For reporting in 2022, the proportion of Taxonomy eligible and aligned economic activities in turnover, capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenditure (OpEx) are required to be disclosed for the first two environmental objectives.

Application of the EU Taxonomy Regulation The amounts used for the calculation of the turnover, CapEx and OpEx ratios are based on the reported data in the consolidated financial statements included in the 2022 Annual Report.

As none of our revenue generating activities are described currently in the Climate Delegated Regulations, our EU Taxonomy eligible turnover for 2022 is zero.

Regulations, we expect our KPI for Taxonomy eligible turnover to increase.

As these activities are not tied directly to our core revenue generating activities, our current Taxonomy eligible CapEx and OpEx ratios are by year end 2022 approximately 1%2 and 2%3 respectively.

For each of these activities, we have assessed Taxonomy alignment according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation: The activity should comply with the technical screening criteria for determining whether an economic activity contributes substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation.

The activity must not significantly harm any of the other environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy and.

The activity should be carried out in compliance with the minimum safeguards.

Only if these three items are met, we have labeled the economic activity Taxonomy aligned and included them in the table below.

Using the guidance provided in the Regulation to screen our Taxonomy eligible activities, our current Taxonomy aligned CapEx and OpEx ratios are by year end 2022 approximately 33%4 and 31%5 respectively.

As our core economic activities related to producing and selling beer are not covered by the Climate Delegated Regulations, we are using a simplified version of the full table prescribed in article 2 paragraph and in Annex II of the EU regulation 2021 2178.

Eligible CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy eligible CapEx (numerator) divided by our total CapEx (denominator).

Total CapEx includes additions to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (excluding Goodwill), and right of use assets, including additions resulting from business combinations.

Our total CapEx can be reconciled to notes 13 and 15 of our consolidated financial statements.

Eligible OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy eligible OpEx (numerator) divided by our total OpEx (denominator).

Total OpEx consists of direct non capitalized costs that relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short term lease and maintenance and repair and can be found in various lines in our income statement.

Aligned CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy aligned CapEx (numerator) divided by our Taxonomy eligible CapEx (denominator).

Aligned OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy aligned OpEx (numerator) divided by our Taxonomy eligible OpEx (denominator).

Current other activities and outlook on our potential for Taxonomy eligibility and alignment going forward It is important to note that non eligibility under the EU Taxonomy Regulation refers to the fact that the activities at present remain outside of the scope of the economic activities for which technical screening criteria have been developed under the Delegated Regulations.

As such, it is relevant to clarify that turnover, CapEx and OpEx currently considered non eligible under the EU Taxonomy Regulation should not be interpreted as an indication of our performance in pursuing or having attained our sustainability objectives.

Additionally, we would expect these KPIs to increase as the four remaining environmental objectives are added to the Delegated Regulations and additional activities are included in the criteria for all environmental objectives.

The EU Taxonomy will evolve, and the delegated acts will be integrated progressively, in order to include all the activities with the potential to contribute to the six environmental objectives.

We may revise the definitions used to derive alignment data, as we continue to develop our understanding of the EU Taxonomy.

Although these ratios do not currently concern our core activities, we have analyzed the eligibility and alignment ratios.

CapEx and OpEx for activities performed outside the EU were deemed in many cases not Taxonomy aligned for this report.

We continue to explore ways to reduce our emissions through our commercial strategy and invest in the decarbonization of our operations and value chain as part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal and our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

We will continue to assess our Taxonomy eligible and aligned activities considering the evolving legal framework of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and to further integrate the requirements of the EU Taxonomy framework in our business model and reporting policies and procedures.

This report provides information about the progress towards our 2025 Sustainability Goals and Global Smart Drinking Goals, and also covers related environmental, social and governance topics.

Alongside our environmental sustainability and Smart Drinking initiatives, information on our eight strategic ESG priorities (i.e., Smart Drinking Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Ethics Transparency, Entrepreneurship and Diversity, Equity Inclusion) can be found on pages 30 to 64 of this report.

Additional information on topics such as engagement, product quality, volunteering and disaster response are included in the ESG index of this report (page 74 80).

These sections are intended to provide updates and illustrative examples to stakeholders, including investors, colleagues, governments, NGOs, customers and consumers in countries where we operate.

AB InBev prepared the 2022 AB InBev ESG Report (these chapters and website) using the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards as guides.

To help determine the content developed, a materiality assessment was conducted, which helped identify the key issues that are of most importance to our stakeholders and our company.

Our materiality assessment, the GRI Index and the SASB Index for this year’s report can be found on pages 69, 82 and 86 of this report, respectively.

Our ESG agenda aligns with several of the UN SDGs established in the United Nations in 2015.

Activities throughout our operations and supply chain are aligned to the metrics that are considered important to our business and critical to our stakeholders.

We are focused on areas where we believe we can make the most significant positive impact.

The data presented and examples described in this report were gathered and verified with the assistance of content owners across all functions and geographic zones.

AB InBev has established processes to support accurate and consistent reporting of Smart Drinking, 2025 Sustainability Goals and safety performance data, as well as key performance indicators (KPIs).

In the Limited Assurance Report of the Independent Auditor (page 103) and in key places throughout the report, we have identified which metrics have been subject to this independent assurance.

As of 2022, unless otherwise noted, the scope of the ESG report is aligned with the group’s financial reporting, following additional GRI recommendations and anticipating the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive requirements for consolidated sustainability reporting.

On March 11, 2022, the company announced that it is forfeiting all financial benefits from the operations of AB InBev Efes, an associate which does business in Russia and Ukraine.

The company holds a 50% non controlling stake in AB InBev Efes that the company does not consolidate.

On April 22, 2022, the company announced its decision to sell its non controlling interest in AB InBev Efes and is in active discussions with its partner, Turkish Brewer Anadolu Efes, to acquire this interest.

As of December 31, 2022, the investment has been classified as a non current asset held for sale.

The AB InBev Efes associate is not included in the ESG reporting scope for 2022.

For consistency and comparability, we have aligned the presentation of the historical 2017 to 2021 data with the 2022 reporting scope (i.e., excluding the AB InBev Efes operations), which results in differences between the numbers presented here and those in our previous reports.

Additional information is provided in the footnotes of the data table on page 81 of this report.

The adjustment in reporting scope does not impact our 2025 Sustainability Goals, which are relative and remain unchanged.

For the entities included in the scope of reporting, please see the list of most important fully consolidated companies in the consolidated financial statements of the 2022 Annual Report.

Environmental data from newly acquired operations are excluded from the running cycle.

These facilities will be included in future reporting.

Safety data is immediately tracked and monitored for all sites and included unless otherwise stated in text or footnotes.

End of year incident data in this report is captured in mid January of the following year and validated based on information from that point in time.

Injuries may develop and change status based on further medical diagnosis, treatment and incident management.

This is a consistent practice to enable accurate year over year data comparison of a single point in time.

Subsequent changes to the injury classification in the years following the reporting year are not taken into account for current year’s reporting purposes nor in the comparative data of prior years.

Global goals on water, energy purchased and GHG emissions presented in this report, as well as KPIs such as energy usage include both our beverage and vertical operations unless stated otherwise in text or footnotes.

Energy usage and purchased excludes the energy exported to third parties and certain projects under construction.

The excluded energy use and purchase does not reflect the amount of energy used in our beer brewing processes.

Beer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scopeOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in action estimates.

Scope 3 includes the following out of the 15 categories: purchased good and services, upstream and downstream distribution, emissions related to fuel use not included in Scope 1 and 2, use of product (product cooling, including on and off premise and excluding at home cooling) and end of product life.

Categories excluded include capital good, waste generated in operations (more than 99% of waste generated is recycled), business travel, commuting, upstream and downstream leased assets, processing of sold products, franchises and investments.

These categories represent approximately less than 10% of total Scope 3 emissions.

We expect that our ambition to achieve net zero and the supporting data may be revised as measurement standards, modelling methodology and the level of data granularity improve over time.

The key performance indicators energy usage, water usage and Scope 1 and 2 emissions per hectoliter of production (in kilograms CO2 hectoliter) exclude vertical operations.

Specific data tables contain footnotes for additional data.

Special Operations fulfill one or more criteria including reduced volume, low number of FTEs, complexity of brand mix, unusual products or production processes.

The potential impact of the 73 SOPs facilities accounted for in 2022 is estimated to be 2.5% of the total Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

This percentage deviation on emissions equally is the maximum deviation expected for all other KPIs.

The following assumptions are applied for the calculation of this percentage: 1) country average of Scope 1 and 2 emissions per hectoliter is applied, 2) average production volume per country is applied, 3) for experimental centers, the tons of CO2 applied are the same as the ones for small facilities and 4) for the SOPs verticalized operations, emissions averages from larger existing sites apply.

We report renewable electricity by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the progress of all renewable electricity contracted, regardless of the market in which the renewable electricity was used or if it was used in our operations.

For recycled content calculation, a weighted average of recycled content is calculated based on purchases for each supplier and recycled content in the material.

Our packaging goal applies to our primary packaging, which represents more than 82% of our total packaging volume by weight globally, though our work in circularity extends to secondary packaging and post consumer waste.

For packaging that is not returnable (such as one way glass bottles, aluminum cans and PET bottles), we are committed to reaching a minimum of 50% recycled content.

Data on recycled content percentage is provided by suppliers and tracked on a regular basis.

Packaging purchases are derived from AB InBev’s owned procurement system.

We engage with packaging suppliers, discussing their key performance indicators, measurements and main projects to enable improving recycled content.

For the Scope 1 and 2 emissions calculation, the facilities in scope described above are included.

Scope 3 emissions, which account for information beyond our operations and that impact our supply chain, are estimated values based on a mix of our own and third party data.

Total percentage of Scope 3 emissions follows the Science Based Targets Initiative, where at least 66% of emissions are to be included in target scope.

Approximately 50% of Scope 3 data is our own data and data provided by suppliers via CDP.

CDP data is used to calculate supplier based emissions of raw and packaging materials used in the manufacturing of beer.

Water Use by Hectoliter of Production, Total Water.

Total Energy purchased and Energy purchased per Hectoliter of Production (page 81).

Percentage of purchased (operational) electricity from renewable sources (page 81).

Percentage of contracted electricity from renewable sources (page 81).

Total Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions and GHG Emissions per Hectoliter of Production (page 81).

Total Direct and Indirect GHG emissions, per zone (page 38).

Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) and total GHG Emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) per Hectoliter of Production (page 81).

This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Selected Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and it also includes developing the reporting criteria.

Percentage of recycled content in primary packaging (page 81).

Lost Time Injuries (LTI) Supply Employees, Last mile logistics Sales Employees (page 13).

AB InBev’s Responsibilities The Board of Directors of AB InBev is responsible for preparing the Selected Information that is free from material misstatement in accordance with the applied reporting criteria as described in the section Report Scope’ on pages 101 102 in the 2022 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report, including the identification of stakeholders and the definition of material matters.

The choices made by the Board of Directors of AB InBev regarding the scope of the information in the 2022 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report and the reporting policy are summarized in the section Report Scope’ on pages 101 102 in the 2022 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

Our Responsibilities and Procedures Performed Our responsibility is to examine the Selected Information prepared by AB InBev and to report thereon in the form of an independent limited assurance conclusion based on the evidence obtained.

We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.

That standard requires that we plan and perform our procedures to obtain limited assurance about whether the Selected Information is prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applied reporting criteria.

The firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior.

The procedures selected depend on our understanding of the Selected Information and other engagement circumstances, and our consideration of areas where material misstatements are likely to arise.

Our commitment to a future with more cheersOur purpose in actionBeer is inclusive, natural and local 2022 key figuresOur strategic ESG priorities Governance and stakeholder engagement ESG index and reporting frameworks Report scope Preliminary and final analytical review procedures to confirm our understanding of trends in the Selected Information at site and corporate level.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.

Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Conclusion Our conclusion has been formed on the basis of, and is subject to, the matters outlined in this report.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

Based on our procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Selected Information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applied reporting criteria as disclosed in the section Report Scope’ on pages 101 102 in the 2022 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

Mike Boonen Partner used to prepare the Selected Information in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purposes of expressing a conclusion as to the effectiveness of AB InBev’s process or internal control over the preparation and presentation of the Selected Information.

Our limited assurance engagement primarily consists of making inquiries of persons responsible for the preparation of the Selected Information, as well as applying analytical procedures and selected evidence gathering procedures, as appropriate.

Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information, for carrying out internal control procedures on the Selected Information and consolidating the data in the 2022 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

Reviewing relevant internal and external documentation, on a limited test basis, in order to determine the reliability of the Selected Information.