Sustainability is about operating responsibly to deliver long term impact.

At Abbott, we’re strengthening the resilience of our company so we can continue to shape the future of healthcare to help more people live better, healthier lives.

In this report, we detail our progress against the goals of our 2030 Sustainability Plan.

The data presented reflects 2022 performance unless otherwise stated.

We have aligned our reporting with the requirements of leading environmental, social, and governance (ESG) ratings and sustainability indices (available in the Appendix), seeking stakeholder feedback to drive continuous improvement.

On the cover: In 2021, Abbott established an ongoing partnership with Real Madrid and the Real Madrid Foundation, working together to educate, support, nourish, and develop kids around the world across all geographies, cultures, and backgrounds.

In July 2022, we hosted a youth soccer clinic in Stockton, California, reinforcing the importance of regular exercise as part of a healthy life.

A Caution Concerning Forward Looking Statements: Some statements in this report may be forward looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Abbott cautions that these forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward looking statements.

Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.

This is Abbott’s 135th anniversary year, which speaks to our relationship to sustainability.

We understand, and deeply value, the stewardship mentality and commitment needed to support resilience and thriving for the long term.

That history, and the culture that has made it possible, were critical to Abbott’s successful navigation of the global environment over the three years of the COVID 19 pandemic.

The result of our long experience and deep expertise was the rapid creation of 12 different COVID 19 diagnostic tests to help the world meet its most severe health challenge in a century.

While COVID 19 is moving to the endemic level, it leaves us a health agenda for the future.

The pandemic forcefully demonstrated the long standing challenges in our global health systems.

Disparities in access to care widened dramatically and undeniably, underscoring the need for action to close these gaps.

Addressing this need is the primary focus of Abbott’s 2030 Sustainability Plan, which we created before COVID 19 highlighted it so vividly.

While Abbott is advancing its performance across the ESG spectrum, we recognize that our greatest opportunity to impact the world’s future lies in improving the health of the greatest number of people.

This is how we intend to meet our ambitious goal of helping 3 billion people annually by 2030, an increase of 50% over the course of our Plan.

Our aim is not just to serve more people, but to do so better than ever before.

Our Abbott Customer Pledge commits us to make our products and services as if they’re for our own families.

Abbott people take that obligation seriously and personally.

For more than two decades, we’ve partnered with the government of Tanzania to strengthen the country’s healthcare system.

Our Future Well Communities program works with partners in Stockton, California to remove barriers that prevent people with diabetes from living healthy lives.

And we’ve provided almost 16 million in aid to people impacted by the war in Ukraine.

It’s this belief in our purpose that keeps our company strong and growing through generations of success.

We’re inspired by our vision of a better, healthier future, and determined to keep Abbott at the forefront of healthcare for the next 135 years.

To do so, we’re very consciously innovating for access and affordability.

Abbott is dedicated to helping people live their best lives through better health.

We believe a sustainable future starts with health.

For 135 years, we’ve been improving people’s health at all ages and stages of life tackling some of the world’s most pressing health problems with our innovative products and technologies.

Diagnostics systems and tests performed in laboratories, at the patient’s bedside, in doctors’ offices, or the home that provide information to support better and more timely decisions for people and their doctors.

Medical devices that use the most advanced technologies to keep hearts and arteries healthy, treat chronic pain and movement disorders, and give people with diabetes more freedom and less pain.

Medicines that help people in emerging markets get and stay healthy.

Nutrition products that build and maintain health and strength from infancy onward.

Our goal is simple: to help people live their fullest lives through better health.

Pioneering We see needs first and deliver game changing solutions.

We create new technologies and products to help people live fuller lives through better health, and we bring that same spirit of innovation to everything we do as a company.

Caring We treat the people who depend on us as if they were our family.

Dr. Wallace Abbott began our company to provide better care to his own patients.

Achieving We focus relentlessly on delivering for our stakeholders.

Millions of people around the world depend on us in vital ways.

Enduring We know that everything we do today should contribute to a stronger tomorrow.

Because our work is so important to so many, it’s up to us to help ensure that this company keeps thriving.

We intend to be here for the next 135 years, bringing all the benefits that Abbott creates to all the people who need them.

Launched in 2020, our 2030 Sustainability Plan priorities and supporting goals focus on helping more people, in more places, live their healthiest possible lives.

They also guide us in embedding sustainability into everything we do to help ensure that Abbott remains relevant and resilient into the future.

Our goal is to improve the lives of 3 billion people a year by decade’s end reaching 1 billion more than we did in 2020.

Make access and affordability core to new product innovation.

Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases.

Create a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain.

Build the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow.

Central to the success of our Sustainability Plan is our focus on innovating for access and affordability.

Our 2030 goals guide the delivery and democratization of these life changing technologies and products.

Integrate access and affordability and data insights as design principles into our R D work and portfolio.

More than 2 billion lives improved due to Abbott’s products and services.

Integrated our Innovate for Access and Affordability Design Principles into our R D processes across all businesses, evolving the way we develop and bring technologies to people who need them.

Introduced the FreeStyle Libre 3 system in the United States, the most accurate 14 day continuous glucose monitor.

Designed for access and affordability, the FreeStyle Libre 3 system will be available at the same price as previous versions, which is about one third the cost of other competing continuous glucose monitoring systems available today.

Launched an improved version of our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app, helping doctors more easily access data and improve their patients’ response to therapy.

The FDA approved the Eterna spinal cord stimulation system, the smallest implantable, rechargeable spinal cord stimulator currently available for the treatment of chronic pain.

Eterna can be recharged less than five times a year under normal use, making it the lowest recharge burden platform available.

The FDA approved an expanded indication for the CardioMEMS HF System, meaning that an additional 1.2 million U.S. patients who have earlier stage heart failure have the potential to use advanced monitoring with the CardioMEMS sensor, which provides an early warning system for worsening heart failure.

Total number of lives improved was adjusted for indirect overlap between businesses using a binomial probability model, and only adjusted for direct overlap within a business where data is currently available to support the adjustment.

Support global efforts to address noncommunicable diseases, including diabetes and cardiovascular disease.

Innovate to transform the standard of care for diabetes and support efforts to bend the diabetes curve through innovative technology, prevention and education, early diagnosis, treatment, and nutrition.

Announced our collaboration with WeightWatchers (WW International Inc.) through which we’ll work together to allow our FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring systems and the WeightWatchers mobile app to share information so that people living with diabetes can see their glucose data alongside WeightWatchers’ diabetes tailored program.

Delivered the Future Well Kids program to more than 2,000 students across five countries.

Deliver breakthrough technologies, improve clinical outcomes, and impact the lives.

Performed 310 in person virtual visits to 73 classrooms and offered a virtual field trip.

Partnered with University of the Pacific to develop a sub specialization in diabetes management.

Deliver scalable, integrated solutions to help reduce preventable deaths and infectious diseases (malaria, hepatitis B C, HIV, COVID 19, and others) with diagnostics, treatment, and education programs, especially in high prevalence areas.

Sponsored a pilot initiative designed by the American Diabetes Association with the goal of reducing health inequities and barriers to tools and technology for diabetes management regardless of income level or insurance status.

Established the Center for Malnutrition Solutions, a global partnership that focuses on addressing global malnutrition through gathering real world evidence and applying sustainable, resilient models that address local needs and work to improve access to care.

Received regulatory approvals for Panbio HIV SELF TEST in 14 countries.

Rapid self tests enable fast, private, convenient, and accurate testing, enabling people to start treatment earlier.

HIV self testing increases patient autonomy, combats stigma, and can help increase overall testing for HIV.

The Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition, a global network dedicated to identifying emerging viral threats to help prevent future pandemics, expanded its geographic footprint with six new sites: two in the U.S., plus Egypt, Pakistan, Peru, and Sierra Leone.

We also contributed to SARS CoV 2 surveillance, mpox (formerly known as monkeypox) prototype test development, hepatitis biomarker research, national serosurveys, and hepatitis elimination studies.

We were recognized in feature stories in both Bloomberg and TIME magazine, as well as in a Science magazine supplement issue.

We are a founding member of the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination, contributing funding to create the Hepatitis C Evaluations to Amplify Testing and Treatment (HEAT) program.

The program aims to help scale hepatitis testing to meet global elimination goals.

Expand affordable access to healthcare for underserved, diverse, and at risk communities, including women and children, by delivering innovative, decentralized models of care that advance prevention and early diagnosis, improve nutrition, provide quality treatment and care, and lower total costs.

Partner with stakeholders to improve health outcomes by advancing standards and building access to affordable, integrated solutions.

Through social investing, shared value, and Abbott Fund programs, provided decentralized healthcare services, helping more than 1 million people access healthcare close to where they live.

With support from the Abbott Fund, we launched the Project on Education and.

Community Health Equity part of Easterseals Black Child Fund which aims to address barriers to quality education and healthcare experienced by children and families in under invested communities.

As part of our ongoing partnership with the Tanzanian government, we completed the first models for emergency care at a district hospital emergency department and at a village emergency dispensary.

To date, we have helped serve approximately 1.2 million patients in Tanzania.

We shifted our disaster response strategy to a disaster resilience strategy by providing new resiliency grants to four food banks and four health clinics, helping them better prepare for future needs.

Established a Diversity in Research Office to further Abbott’s focus on driving diversity within Abbott’s own clinical trials and improving access to care and innovative therapy options among underrepresented populations.

Collaborating with Norton Healthcare, Barnett International, and Women as One to develop clinical research infrastructure models for underserved communities and deliver skills training to more physicians, researchers, and clinical research coordinators from diverse communities.

Provided funding to help build three new hospitals in Ukraine.

These facilities are now equipped and have provided critical services to more than 45,000 people.

Integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum into our partnership with the Real Madrid.

Trained 350 RMF coaches in nine countries and reached more than 12,300 children.

Supported launch of the National Association of Community Health Centers (NACHC).

Innovation Incubator, aiming to improve health equity by creating innovative solutions to health and digital literacy challenges.

Continued our partnership with the Rwandan Ministry of Health and the Society for.

Family Health in Rwanda to increase access to primary care in rural areas for over 387,000 individuals.

Capacity building has enabled treatment of respiratory infections and intestinal parasites, addressing more than 240,000 cases.

Additionally, over 79,000 routine malaria tests were administered with over 22,000 cases resolved.

In 2022, provided support for health workforce capacity building, enabling 153 health post workers to receive training.

Our 2030 goals also guide actions in our other key areas, including our people, partners, supply chain, and environment.

This holistic approach is enabling us to build a more sustainable and resilient business in uncertain times.

Provide 1 million development and job opportunities for current and future employees.

Created over 346,000 development and job opportunities for current and future employees in 2022, bringing our total to over 509,000 since the launch of our 2030 plan.2.

Create opportunities in Abbott’s STEM programs and internships for more than 100,000 young people, including 50% from underrepresented groups.

Created over 47,000 STEM opportunities for young people, 64% for people from underrepresented groups in 2022, bringing our total to over 71,000 since the launch of our 2030 plan.2.

Launched the HBCU Cybersecurity Industry Collaboration Initiative Pilot with Advancing.

Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE) and four Historically Black Colleges and Universities (Hampton University, North Carolina A T State University, Prairie View A M University, and Virginia State University).

Expanded our high school STEM internship program into four additional countries Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and Canada bringing the total to eight countries.

Launched a new skilled trades apprenticeship program in the U.S. to support electrical, mechanical, and other critical operations manufacturing roles.

Continue to drive diversity and inclusion strategies that create a meaningful employee experience and advance Abbott’s culture to: Achieve gender balance across our global management team with at least.

Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% female representation Ensure one third of our leadership roles are held by people from underrepresented groups by 2025.

We continued to work toward building a more inclusive culture, achieving: 41% of global management positions filled by women2 45% female representation in STEM roles2 35% of leadership roles in the U.S. held by people from underrepresented groups2 Approximately 96% of our people leaders have participated in the Leading With Impact training program, which helps develop stronger managers who cultivate more inclusive teams.

All Abbott corporate officers, including our Chairman and CEO, carry a Human Capital.

Continue to drive 100% leadership accountability by tying executive compensation.

Anticipate Abbott’s future workforce needs and achieve talent readiness.

Designed and piloted courses on data driven decision making to increase data acumen and agility to adapt to the new world of work.

Created an on demand learning path focused on digital mindset to increase the readiness of our workforce.

Developed and implemented a nine week custom designed Software Engineering Training program to prepare participants to succeed in this field.

The program includes mentoring, weekly feedback, and an advisory board with software engineer leadership.

Maintain or improve rates of internal succession for leadership roles.

Fill 50% of targeted new jobs with internal talent by upskilling, cross skilling, and creating learning opportunities.

Continue to provide industry leading programs that help people achieve their personal health and well being.

Launched Spring Health, Abbott’s new mental health benefit for U.S. employees and their families.

Support financial security of employees by helping those with college debt save for retirement, expanding Abbott’s Freedom 2 Save program by providing 10 million in matching contributions to participants’ retirement accounts.

Employees can select from a list of optional benefits beyond our core medical and insurance offerings.

Implemented a digital primary care clinic for all employees in Brazil, to improve access to medical care and management of chronic conditions.

Over 1.7 million total Freedom 2 Save employer contributions to participant retirement accounts were made in 2022, bringing our total to over 5.5 million total employer contributions since program inception in 2019.2.

Our Student Loan Payback Program helps Abbott employees in the Netherlands pay off student loans, making it easier to build financial strength.

Be a trusted healthcare leader in secure and responsible data collection, use, management, and privacy, in order to protect our patients and customers, empower them to make better, more complete decisions about their health and drive innovation through insights and analytics.

Certify that 80% of newly contracted direct material spends are linked to contracts that incorporate social responsibility requirements.

For customers and consumers: Developed and published updated global privacy principles.

Achieved 16 ISO SOC 2 cybersecurity certifications for key connected Abbott products, including Merlin.net, CardioMEMS, and NeuroSphere Virtual Clinic, providing third party validation of our security controls.

Also launched customer cybersecurity portal to provide healthcare delivery organizations direct access to key cybersecurity information on Abbott products.

For employees: Enhanced cybersecurity awareness among general employees through key training initiatives and tools, including online modules, phishing simulations, and centrally reporting suspicious emails.

And rolled out threat modeling training for product technical resources and a cyber technical training path.

For industry: Created and launched the Abbott Medical Device Cybersecurity Council to gain external perspective from expert advisors, including Chief Information Officers (CIOs), Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs), and healthcare providers.

Also held a leadership role on the Health Sector Coordinating Council and actively served in other key external cybersecurity and privacy working groups focused on collaboration, standards, and best practice sharing among industry, government, and academia, including the World Economic Forum’s Digital Trust Framework, Health ISAC, and the Medical Device Innovation Consortium.

We embed social responsibility clauses in applicable procurement contracts detailing our values and expectation that vendors comply with our Supplier Guidelines and remediate identified issues.

Ensure ethical sourcing from all suppliers with high risk sustainability factors through 100% auditing.

Ensure an inclusive environment by increasing spending with diverse and small businesses 50% by 2030, and Black and women owned businesses 150% by 2025, from a 2020 baseline.

Deployed 2.4 million of the 37.5 million pledged in growth capital and small business loans to diverse small businesses through our collaboration with Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) since March 2022.

Partnered with WEConnect International to expand Abbott’s global Supplier Diversity.

Program in Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, and Asia Pacific.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 30% from 2018 baseline by the end of 2030, consistent with the objectives of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Abbott commits that 82% of its suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have science based targets by 2026.

Approximately 30% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution have science based targets.20.

Abbott’s Scope 3 science based target was approved by the SBTi in September 2022.

Achieve water stewardship certification at all high water impact manufacturing sites in water stressed areas.

Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water.

Implement accredited water stewardship management practices in more than 75% of all manufacturing sites operating in water stressed areas.

Abbott’s accredited water stewardship management practices were finalized in 2022, incorporating feedback from subject matter experts across Abbott.

All manufacturing sites in water stressed areas not classified as high impact completed efforts to implement Phase 1 of the accredited water stewardship management practices.

Supplier diversity key performance indicators (KPIs) are calculated using the U.S. government fiscal year (October 1 September 30).

Spend data is for U.S. and Puerto Rico for 2022 reporting.

For more information visit a4ws.org certification.

Work with 50 key suppliers in high water stressed areas to reduce water quality and quantity risks to Abbott and the community.

Address 50 million pounds of packaging through high impact sustainable design programs that: Employ circularity principles through smart design and material selection Eliminate and reduce materials Improve the energy efficiency of Abbott’s products Optimize packaging, pallet, and truckload efficiency.

Five supplier engagements initiated to reduce water quality and quantity risks to.

Reduce waste impacts using a circular economy approach, to achieve and maintain at least a 90% diversion rate.

In 2022, two manufacturing facilities and four non manufacturing facilities received Zero.

Engage with key suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of materials sent to Abbott that become waste in our operations and develop and track supplier waste diversion initiatives.

This brings our total Zero Waste to Landfill sites to 51 facilities certified since our program began in 2012.

A group of identified key suppliers engaged to reduce the environmental impact of materials sent to Abbott that become waste.

With FreeStyle Libre 3, we’re bringing the world’s most widely used continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technology to more people with the smallest3,4 and most accurate 14 day glucose sensor.

Manage their health in real time the sensor automatically sends minute by minute glucose readings directly to a person’s smartphone.

Connect to the FreeStyle Libre digital ecosystem for remote monitoring.

The system is available at the same price as previous generations7 but at one third the cost of other CGM systems available today.

FreeStyle Libre 3 is a smaller and more discreet sensor with a one piece applicator.

It uses 40% less plastic and requires 43% less carton paper than previous FreeStyle Libre systems.

From Omicron variant surges to mpox (formerly known as monkeypox) cases and high rates of RSV (respiratory syncytial virus), the power of viruses and their ability to disrupt our world is evident.

That’s why the Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition (APDC) was established in 2021 to stop viruses before they stop us.

The coalition, which builds on Abbott’s decades long viral surveillance efforts, is a first of its kind, industry led partnership that includes 20 scientific and public health organizations on five different continents to identify, track, and respond to known and emerging viral threats to help prevent the next pandemic.

During 2022, representatives from the coalition were invited to the White House to discuss the issue of mpox and how Abbott could help expedite test production to monitor the spread.

We received FDA emergency authorization for mpox tests in the U.S. in October 2022, making Abbott the first company with an authorized test against the pathogen.

APDC partners Karl Ciuoderis, Ph.D., of the One Health Genomic Lab Universidad Nacional de Colombia (left) and Jorge Osorio, DVM, Ph.D., of the University of Wisconsin Madison (right) checking a mosquito trap as part of a study examining the ways viruses move from animals to people.

People from diverse racial, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds are disproportionately impacted by some chronic conditions but are underrepresented in clinical trials.

This impedes access to life changing and life saving treatments, and limits insights into group responses to new therapies.

In 2022, we established a Diversity in Research Office to help standarize our approach to ensuring diverse representation in our own clinical trials when we can.

We also partnered with Norton Healthcare to develop clinical research infrastructure models for underserved communities.

And to increase representation and support diverse clinical trialists, we are expanding training for diverse physicians and trial leaders by partnering with Women as One to deliver skills training to female cardiologists.

Approximately 40 doctors have participated in the organization’s CLIMB training program.

In 2021, we committed 5 million in scholarships to HBCUs and minority nursing schools.

More information on how we’re advancing health equity can be found on page 32.

Eunice Givens talks with her doctor, vascular surgeon Katherine Kane, M.D., in Fort Worth, Texas.

Skilled cybersecurity workers are critical to ensuring the security of our enterprise, as well as that of the products and technologies we provide to help people live better, healthier lives.

At Abbott, we understand that cybersecurity professionals need to represent a wide swath of the population to adequately address the challenges facing the field that’s why we joined the HBCU Cybersecurity Industry Collaboration Initiative Pilot, a partnership between Abbott, Raytheon, Microsoft, and four HBCUs designed to advance cybersecurity curricula and the development of diverse talent for growing industry demand.

This pilot program represents just one part of the wider AMIE mission a nonprofit coalition of corporations, government agencies, and 15 HBCU schools of engineering8 of which Abbott is a founding member.

Following a successful launch with four HBCUs, Abbott will continue supporting the initiative as it expands to the others.

More information on how Abbott is creating a pipeline of more diverse talent within research can be found on page 43.

Jordan Owens (left) and Olaoluwa (Ola) Olalumade (right) were the first two interns at Abbott from our AMIE cybersecurity collaboration program.

Connected technologies are key to enabling continuous monitoring capabilities, remote control of healthcare solutions, and improved health outcomes.

For patients living in remote areas, these technologies can also greatly increase access to care while reducing their carbon footprint by eliminating the need to travel to receive treatments.

In 2022, Abbott launched the next generation of our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app to improve communication between patients and their doctors as they trial Abbott neurostimulation devices.

This enhanced functionality creates a virtual environment for patients to share responses to chronic pain treatment with their doctors specifically spinal cord stimulation and dorsal root ganglion therapy devices.

NeuroSphere myPath puts people back in control of their health, bringing greater visibility to progress and pain relief response.

Find out more about how we are using data and technology to advance healthcare solutions on page 34.

Alexandra Brandt RN, BSN, a product manager in Abbott’s Neuromodulation business, demonstrates our NeuroSphere myPath digital health app, which helps doctors more closely track their patients as they evaluate Abbott neurostimulation devices to address their chronic pain.

In 2022, we announced a collaboration with LISC, a nonprofit committed to connecting under invested people and places to private resources.

Starting in 2022, we pledged 37.5 million in investments for diverse small business in the U.S., splitting funding across growth capital grants, business loans, and technical assistance.

To date, we have engaged with over 370 businesses through the initiative and have invested 2.4 million in growth capital and loans to diverse businesses.

In addition, LISC’s efforts have translated into 20 jobs created and 57 jobs retained for people in under resourced communities.

Our funds have made it possible for LISC to support TDG Scientific a Black , woman owned business supplying laboratory equipment, chemicals, personal protective equipment (PPE), and other items to the corporate and government sectors.

Through a 100,000 LISC working capital loan and 140,000 growth capital investment, TDG is able to invest in its IT infrastructure to achieve full integration across various management systems.

This funding will enable TDG to double the size of its bid department and pursue significantly more contracts.

Read more about how we’re working to strengthen our supply chain on page 75.

Abbott leaders Monica Armstrong Billinger, Director, Global Supplier Diversity Sustainability (left) and Bhavin Patel, Manager, Supplier Diversity (right) connecting with Artura Taylor, Founder of TDG Scientific (center) during the Healthcare Industries Group session at the annual conference of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.

Part of optimizing our packaging is finding ways to do more with less material.

In 2022, we initiated a total package redesign to reduce package weight and materials, as well as improve transport efficiency.

Abbott’s Rapid Diagnostics business launched the BinaxNOW home use COVID 19 test kit under extraordinary circumstances in December 2020.

Its packaging has since been optimized and is now up to 27% smaller and 58% lighter.

Consolidating two information sheets into one Eliminating a high impact polystyrene tray Resizing the paperboard carton and corrugated case.

With more than 497 million BinaxNOW tests manufactured in 2022, these changes eliminated approximately 26.7 million pounds of packaging, including more than 9.8 million pounds of plastic.

We are committed to serving the communities where we live and work, supporting them with expertise, products, funding, and volunteer time.

Our Future Well Communities program in Stockton, California, takes a new approach to removing barriers that prevent people with diabetes from living healthy lives.

Working in close partnership with community groups and leading institutions, our goal is to improve the health of 10,000 people facing the greatest impact of health disparities and diabetes.

By providing people with customized, connected health and social services and tracking what’s working and what’s not we aim to transform health for those who need it most.

Through the program, we’re helping to deepen understanding of the underlying causes of noncommunicable diseases, helping people build healthy habits and healthier diets.

We’re also working to build the capacity of the future healthcare workforce by partnering with the University of the Pacific to develop a sub specialization in diabetes management within their social work and nursing schools.

And, through the Abbott Fund, we’re providing scholarships for Stockton residents committed to working in their communities post graduation, to build a pipeline of diverse, local healthcare professionals.

In 2022, the second cohort of 10 Master of Social Work (MSW) scholars graduated, with nine scholars from the first cohort currently employed in Stockton.

The first cohort of nursing scholars will graduate in May 2024.

Since 2019, 35 MSW and nursing students have received scholarships.

Future Well Kids teaches kids about noncommunicable diseases and how they can stay healthy and reduce their risk of developing chronic diseases later in life.

Our employee volunteers encourage students to put their lessons to use by making simple changes in their own lives.

During the 2021 2022 school year, the program was delivered to more than 2,000 students, working with 23 partner schools across five countries.

In 2022, we integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum into our Real Madrid Foundation partnership, delivering a total, along with our standard curriculum, of 11,000 hours of programming to more than 12,300 children in nine countries.

In addition to performing in person visits to over 300 classrooms, we continue to deliver accessible content for educators and families through our virtual field trip, in partnership with Discovery Education.

This lets students explore the structure and function of the heart.

The video has reached more than 1 million students around the world since its launch.

For more examples of the program in action, see the Advancing Health Equity section.

On World Blood Donor Day, Abbott supported blood drives in 10 U.S. locations to help address the national blood shortage exacerbated by COVID 19.

Through these drives, more than 2,000 lives were impacted.

In August, we hosted two blood drives with Chipotle one in their Newport Beach, California, headquarters, the other in their Columbus, Ohio, offices.

Abbott and Blood Centers of America have teamed up to boost blood donations through our ongoing Give Blood.

Started in 2021, the partnership is designed to attract younger participants and cultivate a new generation of regular blood donors.

In early 2023, Abbott and Blood Centers of America unveiled an immersive mixed reality experience designed to improve the blood donation process, attract new donors, and motivate a younger generation to give blood.

Because research has shown that natural settings are the most preferred environment as donors give blood, this technology uses lightweight headsets to immerse participants in a garden while they listen to soothing music.

The technology allows donors to remain fully aware of their surroundings, helping ensure a seamless, convenient, and safe donation.

When natural disasters like hurricanes hit, there is always an immediate need for food, water, and medical supplies.

However, organized disaster relief efforts can take days to ramp up putting communities in danger, especially residents facing ongoing health challenges and food insecurity.

We know product donations are not enough to build capable and reliable disaster response systems.

Building community resilience means constantly thinking ahead, identifying and taking preventive measures to avoid and lessen the impact of disasters, adapting to unforeseen circumstances, and listening closely to specific community needs.

Abbott and the Abbott Fund are implementing targeted disaster resilience strategies to help prevent and mitigate the impact of hurricanes on communities in New Orleans, Dallas, Orlando, and Puerto Rico, all areas where Abbott has established partnerships with two organizations Feeding America and Direct Relief to help communities to prepare for hurricane season.

These efforts demonstrated their value in Puerto Rico and Florida when Hurricanes Fiona and Ian hit: staff were equipped to respond, protocols were in place, and our pre positioned products were distributed immediately to vulnerable populations, including homebound patients.

In addition, refrigerators, critical operations, and communications systems remained functional.

We are now developing short and long term measures to gauge community and overall program level impact.

Supporting the Humanitarian Crisis in Ukraine Since the start of the war, we have provided almost 16 million in aid to Ukraine.

This has included 5 million in grants to International Medical Corps (IMC), CARE, Project HOPE, and Americares to build infrastructure, procure and distribute critical medicines and supplies, and to provide training, employment, and education for women and their families forced to relocate to bordering countries.

Through our IMC grant, three hospitals are now equipped and have served more than 45,000 people with critical services.

By fall 2023, all three hospitals are expected to have built fully equipped and functional underground care capability.

We have also donated almost 11 million in medicines, nutritional products, cardiac devices, and diabetes care products through relief partners and the Ukrainian Ministry of Health.

We know our employees want to give back to the places they call home.

Matches employees’ donations to eligible nonprofit organizations.

Matches 100% of eligible donations Pays all processing fees, so every cent goes to the charity of choice.

The program includes an annual donation drive part of Abbott’s long standing Employee Giving Campaign.

During the 2022 campaign, 87% of employees in the U.S. and Puerto Rico pledged more than 15 million9 to over 9,300 charitable organizations in a single month.

We provide U.S. employees eight hours per year of paid time to volunteer in their local communities.

Through ongoing partnerships with schools, educational organizations, and nonprofits, our employees help promote science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) engagement, inspiring young people today to be the healthcare innovators of tomorrow.

Operating sustainably is key to the future of healthcare.

Our 2030 Sustainability Plan formalizes our commitment to improve lives embedding sustainability into our governance structure sets this Plan as a priority, making it a shared responsibility.

We seek to uplift people, society, and the planet through better health.

Apply our unique business strengths to identify and invest in life changing innovations, evolving to meet emerging needs and finding impactful ways to address challenges.

Identify our top ESG priorities and determine how best to address the growing needs of those we serve.

Embed sustainability throughout the business through robust governance Partner with stakeholders.

Senior Management oversees Abbott’s sustainability policies and practices.

The Board provides oversight through its Public Policy Committee.

Global Sustainability Team Leads strategy implementation across global operations and oversees ESG performance and reporting.

Sustainability Goal Leads and Operations Functions Responsible for managing execution and enterprise wide operationalization of our 2030 Sustainability Plan.

ESG Disclosures Committee Responsible for monitoring regulatory, legal, and financial reporting requirements and advises on company approach and readiness.

Global Operations Council Oversees strategy execution for all operations, using internal assessments, risk profiles, and industry best practice to improve performance.

Senior leaders including four corporate officers and 32 divisional vice presidents.

Global Citizenship Advisory Council External experts who provide guidance on strategic sustainability issues, including risks and opportunities.

Members: Margaret Flaherty, Senior Advisor, FSG, and Professor, Business School Lausanne.

Jane Nelson, Senior Fellow and Director, CSR Initiatives, Harvard Kennedy School.

Our 2030 Sustainability Plan is integrated into our business plans, financial planning processes, and existing governance structures, including oversight from our Board of Directors.

Overall responsibility for sustainability sits with management and our leadership covenant reinforces this by explicitly stating that corporate officers are accountable for the achievement of Abbott’s 2030 Sustainability Plan goals.

All officers, including our Chairman and CEO, also carry a Human Capital Metrics goal.

Our leadership covenant is considered the minimum requirement of being an officer at Abbott.

Any officer who does not fulfill the covenant can receive a reduction of up to 100% of their annual incentive and or long term incentive awards.

Making access and affordability core to new product innovation.

Transforming care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases.

Advancing health equity through partnerships Protecting a healthy environment Building the diverse, innovative workforce of tomorrow.

Responsibly connecting data, technology, and care Creating a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain.

To learn more, visit the Executive Compensation section in our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Abbott is on a mission to improve the lives of 3 billion people a year by 2030.

To achieve this, we’re designing access and affordability into our products from the start, creating life changing technology like the FreeStyle Libre system, which provides continuous glucose monitoring for millions of people around the world.

Paloma Kemak was one of the first people to try the FreeStyle Libre system when it became available in the U.S. in 2017.

We drive innovation to help ensure people can access the products and services they need to live fuller, healthier lives.

Access and affordability considerations are embedded throughout our product design, development, manufacturing, and commercialization processes.

We leverage novel technologies as well as our global presence, strategic partnerships, and community insights to create measurable, real world change.

Abbott’s Scientific Governing Board, a 16 member team that includes the R D head from each Abbott business, oversees product and service innovation.

The Board meets regularly to discuss Abbott’s innovation progress, health technology developments, and areas for cross business collaboration on product design.

It is also responsible for driving the implementation of our Innovate for Access and Affordability Design Principles across the company.

Design for broader reach and equity: Build an innovative portfolio that reaches more people, including new geographies and communities with limited access to care.

Design for access: Identify and overcome barriers to access and adoption, prioritizing inclusive design as well as manufacturing, distribution, and technology strategies to reduce costs across the value chain.

Design to optimize reach and value: Make intentional decisions throughout the design process to optimize four factors: people reached, consumer benefit, business value, and societal value.

In 2022, we integrated these principles across all of our businesses, helping evolve the way we develop and bring technologies to people who need them.

Refreshed documentation outlines requirements for identifying and documenting barriers to access for the new product, and is scoped to address opportunities to further optimize reach.

Our R D processes integrate access and affordability into our products and services, so we can deliver solutions that reach more of the people who need them.

Our Approach Before we can design, we must first understand.

From patients and healthcare professionals to policymakers and those who fund development, all of our stakeholders define value through their own lens.

Our Design Principles help ensure that we’re considering those varied perspectives as we develop our products.

This analysis is done in our Medical Devices business through our Early Value Assessment (EVA) process, a key tool that helps us understand and respond to the needs of different healthcare stakeholders.

The EVA process continuously refreshes our understanding of dynamic care pathways globally, identifies our stakeholder value expectations, and allows us to design solutions with increased access and affordability in mind.

Through the EVA, we proactively seek insights that allow us to drive economic and clinical value through our innovation funnel, ultimately paving the way for broader coverage and access for patients.

And in our diagnostics business, we look for ways to improve costs by increasing efficiency in our manufacturing, supply chain, and product support areas.

Our Approach To help as many people as possible, we know we must work to remove barriers to care for patients around the world.

Supply resilience Environmental sustainability Value.

Read more on how we’re designing for supply resilience on page 71.

A 2022 study has uncovered the role two blood based biomarkers play in predicting recovery following a TBI.

Published in The Lancet Neurology, the research used Abbott’s i STAT TBI Plasma test and our core laboratory ARCHITECT instrument to test for biomarkers within 24 hours of an injury.

In addition to providing a clearer image of severity, biomarker testing supported predictions of recovery times, long term implications of the TBI, and optimal treatment plans.

The first rapid test on a portable analyzer to receive FDA 510(k) clearance, the i STAT TBI Plasma test can help quicky determine if a more expensive CT scan is needed, saving both time and money during diagnosis.

In March 2023, we received FDA clearance for a TBI blood test that runs on our Alinity i core laboratory system.

Throughout 2022, we were honored to have that commitment to innovation externally recognized.

Prix Galien International Awards: FreeStyle Libre receives Golden Jubilee Award for Best Medical Technology of the last 50 years.

MitraClip receives Prix Galien International Award for Best Medical Technology 2022.

Edison Awards: FreeStyle Libre 3 Gold NeuroSphere Virtual Clinic and i STAT TBI.

CES 2023 Innovation Awards for Advancements in Health Technology: Aveir VR Leadless Pacemaker Proclaim Plus SCS System Alinity Mpox PCR test14.

Today, more than 6.2 million Americans suffer heart failure.15 In February 2022, Abbott was granted FDA approval to expand use of our CardioMEMS HF System, bringing early stage heart failure monitoring technology to a wider pool of patients.

The CardioMEMS sensor, a small device inserted into the pulmonary artery during a minimally invasive procedure, detects changes in pressure that could indicate worsening heart failure.

It wirelessly transmits readings to the patient’s physician, informing treatment updates to help mitigate late stage heart failure and giving patients information they need to help manage their condition.

Data gathered during the clinical trial known as GUIDE HF indicated improved outcomes for patients with mild heart failure when treatment was guided by pulmonary pressure monitoring including a 34% reduction for hospitalizations, emergency visits, and death.

With increased access to the CardioMEMS HF System, we’re supporting better outcomes for millions of people living with heart failure.

By 2030, we aim to improve the lives of one in every three people on Earth each year.

In 2022, we improved the lives of more than 2 billion people through our products and services.1 In addition to building access and affordability into new products and services, we continually work to increase access to our existing products.

Over the last 10 years, our organic business growth has been driven by expanding access rather than price increases, with volume growing at an average of 8.9% per year while prices have declined by an average of 0.8% per year.

For further information, including data showing how our annual net sales price change compares to the rate of inflation, see page 128.

Increasing Access to Fast, Reliable, and Discreet HIV Testing at Home Today, more than 38.4 million people have HIV an estimated 15% of these individuals don’t know.

Testing remains the first step to ending HIV AIDS as a public health threat.

To make HIV testing more accessible, Abbott launched Panbio HIV SELF TEST, an over the counter, fingerstick blood test that detects antibodies to HIV 1 and HIV 2 the two types of HIV virus that can develop into AIDS.

We have received regulatory approval in 37 countries for a similar self test called CheckNOW HIV SELF TEST, available to governments and public health authorities.

Excludes the impacts of business acquisitions divestitures and foreign exchange.

We are committed to transforming standards of care for people with chronic health conditions, malnutrition, and infectious diseases.

Innovating new solutions for disease management is just one aspect of enhancing quality of care.

Abbott is also working to expand capabilities in disease detection and prevention.

And we’re partnering to educate more people to help them live more balanced, healthier lives.

We have developed various solutions and partnerships to combat noncommunicable diseases.

New Hope for Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD) Annually, 2.8 million Americans are diagnosed with TRD.

In July 2022, we received FDA Breakthrough Device Designation to expedite the review of our deep brain stimulation (DBS) system and how it can help people living with TRD.

DBS involves implanting thin wires into targeted brain areas, deploying electrical impulses that moderate brain activity.

Traditionally used to alleviate symptoms of movement disorders, evidence shows DBS could help regulate mood.

Qualifying for Breakthrough Device Designation highlights the system’s potential role in effectively treating an irreversibly debilitating condition.

It also enables us to accelerate development, assessment, and review while maintaining regulatory standards thereby shortening time to market for our potentially transformational TRD treatment.

Preventing Antimicrobial Resistance We are committed to doing our part to counter the growing risk of drug resistant bacteria.

For example, our Test Target Treat initiative empowers healthcare providers to make targeted treatment decisions sooner reducing inappropriate antimicrobial use and the spread of resistance.

In our medicines business, our holistic approach with our teams, healthcare professionals, and patients aims to encourage responsible prescription and use of antibiotics.

In the 2021 Access to Medicines Foundation’s AMR Benchmark report, Abbott received the second highest score of all generic medicines manufacturers assessed.

Transforming Outcomes With Leadless Implants Abbott’s investigational Aveir DR dual chamber pacemaker the world’s first dual chamber leadless pacemaker could be a game changer for restoring normal heart rhythm.

Implant to implant technology supports communication between two pacemakers, enabling heart chamber synchronicity.

Since August 2022, we’ve been working with WeightWatchers (WW International Inc.) to develop a tool to help people manage diabetes through weight loss and glucose control.

Combining WeightWatchers’ diabetes tailored weight management program with our FreeStyle Libre products, we can offer mobile access to the nutritional information people need to control their health.

And, by combining glucose insights with empirically validated nutritional guidance, people can track the impact of each food choice they make.

It’s why we launched a:care, an initiative that bridges behavioral science with digital tools to help patients and healthcare professionals improve adherence.

In 2022, we hosted our second a:care Congress, creating a virtual forum for approximately 15,000 healthcare professionals from more than 70 countries to learn more about medication adherence and behavior.

Endorsed by over 65 international and national medical societies, the event explored cultural and local factors that can create challenges for adherence and provided practical solutions to help people take charge of their health and live healthier lives by better adhering to their treatment.

Menopause can bring a variety of challenging physical and emotional symptoms.

Despite 47 million16 women entering menopause each year, this natural part of growing older is still something few people talk about.

As one participant commented, If 51% of the world’s population goes through menopause, why is it such a taboo I think about this more and more.

Who decided that it was uncomfortable to talk about a process that all women go through Hopefully this silence will soon end.

Abbott is committed to supporting women during this stage of their lives and empowering them to get the information and support they may need to continue living fulfilling lives.

We recently took on the challenge to debunk misconceptions and spark more conversations about menopause.

Abbott invited women from different countries of the world to share their experiences in The Next Chapter, a collection of stories from women living in China, India, Mexico, and Brazil.

From the impact of hormonal changes on relationships and careers to the toll on health and self esteem, each woman’s unique story voices the hidden worries and surprising joys that can accompany this new life stage.

We also reached over 1,700 International Menopause Society Congress participants with our campaign, and we shared information on The Next Chapter in nearly 1,900 independently run menopause and women health centers in India.

In addition, we continue to drive educational efforts in nearly 450 menopause centers in China, and have supported the establishment of over 1,200 menopause centers across China and India spaces with continuous care and education for women going through menopause.

Dimple Bhatnagar, shown here with her daughter, Shaliga, takes Abbott’s Femoston Conti to help her manage the symptoms of menopause.

She shared her experience with women around the world as part of Abbott’s The Next Chapter initiative.

To reach as many people as possible, we must remove barriers standing in the way of good health.

We’re partnering to decentralize infrastructure and deliver resources tailored to local, real world needs.

We’re working across our business and in partnership with others to advance health equity, removing barriers that prevent people from living healthy lives, with a special focus on programs that support children and women in underserved areas.

To deliver results, we’ve laid out long term targets for our business as part of our 2030 Sustainability Plan and made equitable care a key principle for our community partnerships.

Diagnostics for Mothers and Children To drive improved treatment for certain at risk groups, we have established three diagnostic panels: groups of medical tests designed to enhance disease care.

Antenatal Care (ANC) Panel In progress To improve lives and reduce mortality among children and mothers in high burden countries through regular screening and hotspot maps for HIV, HBV, and syphilis infections.

Malnutrition Panel In development To improve child and pregnant women well being, using biomarkers to identify micronutrient deficiencies.

Particularly important for pregnant women and young children, as well as patients with fever like and other generic symptoms.

The Abbott Center for Malnutrition Solutions Malnutrition affects one in three people around the world all ages, all geographies, and all socioeconomic classes.

The Center for Malnutrition Solutions focuses on addressing global malnutrition through gathering real world evidence and applying sustainable, resilient models that address local needs and improve access to care.

With our partners, we’re building capacity within communities to identify, treat, and prevent malnutrition.

The MUAC (mid upper arm circumference) z score tape is an example of an innovative tool.

This simple, inexpensive paper device gives health workers and caregivers the ability to identify malnutrition risk in children in homes, schools, and communities throughout the world.

In Kenya, we’re partnering with local groups to train community health workers and have donated MUAC z score tapes to enhance identification of malnutrition in the context of climate and health.

In Ecuador, we’re partnering to help identify malnutrition risk in children between six months and five years of age through the donation of 2,000 MUAC z score tapes and training of 600 healthcare professionals and teachers from the Cuenca Cantonal Health Council and the Cuenca Municipal Foundation for Women and Children.

A similar donation of tapes and training took place in Manta, Ecuador, in partnership with the Universidad Laica Eloy Alfaro de Manab .

Supporting Children’s Health In 2021, we signed a three year agreement to be the Health Sciences and Nutrition Partner for Real Madrid Football Club.

We also signed on as Global Partner of the Real Madrid Foundation (RMF), launching our first initiative to tackle malnutrition among children in participating programs.

In 2022, we integrated our Future Well Kids curriculum into the partnership, training 350 RMF coaches in nine countries and reaching over 12,300 children.

We also established a three year partnership with Easterseals to pilot the Project on Education and Community Health Equity part of the Easterseals Black Child Fund, launched in 2021.

The project is creating an integrated system that aims to address barriers to quality education and healthcare experienced by children and families in under invested communities.

It will be implemented at Easterseals Childhood Development Centers in California, Georgia, and the greater Washington, D.C., area.

For more than two decades, Abbott and the Abbott Fund have partnered with the government of Tanzania to strengthen the country’s healthcare system.

With nearly 155 million invested to date, this partnership is finding sustainable solutions to critical healthcare challenges elevating testing, treatment, and care across the country.

In 2010, Abbott supported development of the country’s first emergency medical department at the Muhimbili National Hospital in Dar es Salaam.

The department has since trained 79 specialty emergency physicians and more than 6,000 medical, nursing, and paramedic providers helping approximately 1.2 million patients nationwide.

We have helped extend access to treatment through the construction of three regional hospitals and the equipping of one zonal hospital.

In 2022, we completed the first models in Tanzania for emergency care at a district hospital emergency department and at a village emergency dispensary in Bantu village.

We are now exploring how we can use this partnership as a model for other countries, and our Bantu dispensary as a model for other regions.

Meruth Seladi Wilson, a healthcare worker in Bantu Village in Tanzania, is a graduate of the Kimberly Miles White Primary School in Bantu, which was renovated and built by the Abbott Fund.

Meruth works at the Bantu dispensary, also built by the Abbott Fund, which is the country’s first model for emergency care in the village setting.

Extraordinary innovation is often powered by technology.

From the clinic to the cloud, data is changing healthcare including how, when, and where it is accessed and delivered and never before have people been empowered with so much information to make better decisions about managing their health.

Our products provide data that helps people learn more about themselves and take action.

This information also helps doctors understand how to better treat people, and fuels new innovations that can help unlock the power of health for future generations.

Data is a powerful tool for enabling scientific innovation.

Technology is transforming healthcare, and the opportunities to learn how to better manage health, wellness, and human performance through data are limitless.

We believe data and trust go hand in hand, and the people who allow access to their data deserve to have it fiercely protected and secured every step of the way.

Our goal is to make sure Abbott devices, products, and systems meet the highest security standards, and that commitment guides our approach to data privacy, protection, and ethical data use across all of our businesses.

Each day, people trust us with information about their health which is some of the most personal.

We recognize that it is a privilege to learn from our customers, and our goal is to be transparent, responsible, and intentional in our approach to data collection and use.

We have strong centralized cybersecurity and privacy governance, which helps ensure that the organization embraces our security and privacy processes, standards, and principles related to data collection, use, sharing, and security.

Executive management, as well as the Board of Directors, takes an active role in reviewing cybersecurity and privacy progress updates.

Privacy and Security by Design To identify potential privacy and cybersecurity risks, we conduct privacy and security risk assessments and embed data protection into the products and services we design and develop.

Our company wide data protection framework is supported by standards, processes, and training designed to drive compliance, consistency, and employee understanding of the importance of building and maintaining appropriate data protection controls throughout the product development life cycle.

We also actively engage in the healthcare community and inform new standards and best practices to remain at the forefront of cybersecurity and privacy leadership, drawing on multi stakeholder partnerships to collaborate on new standards and share best practices.

A Product Security Oversight Committee, made up of cross company leadership, meets regularly to develop Abbott’s strategy and approach to product security, monitor progress, and support company wide compliance.

We can only deliver more personalized technologies if people trust Abbott with their personal data.

Throughout 2021 and 2022, Abbott supported development of the World Economic Forum’s Digital Trust Framework a resource to establish global consensus on what digital trust means and how it can be achieved.

As part of the wider Digital Trust Initiative, the framework acts as a tool for decision makers to be certain we have trustworthy technology development, covering security and reliability governance and oversight and ethical and responsible use.

Privacy and Cybersecurity Oversight Committees The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Divisional Vice President for Global Privacy oversee our Global Privacy Office.

Two oversight committees support this office, with further assistance from dedicated global professionals and country specific privacy champions.

Each committee has its own operational committees that engage key stakeholders at product and business levels.

The Cybersecurity and Privacy Oversight Committee oversees Abbott’s cybersecurity and privacy program.

Abbott’s senior cybersecurity and privacy leaders also provide regular progress updates to the Board of Directors and Board committees.

Both the Audit Committee and Public Policy Committee have responsibilities related to cybersecurity and data privacy, and our well balanced board has expertise in cybersecurity.

Our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) leads the Enterprise and Product Cybersecurity organization, helping to ensure the security and availability of Abbott’s systems, technologies, and products.

The CISO reports into Abbott’s Chief Information Officer (CIO).

The CIO has overall responsibility and reports directly to our Chief Financial Officer.

Education and awareness Building cybersecurity into our systems and applications.

Implementing incident monitoring and response efforts.

Protection of sensitive data Manufacturing cybersecurity Disaster recovery planning efforts.

Company wide training helps ensure employees and contractors receive targeted instruction on company policies and emerging cybersecurity risks.

For example, we conduct phishing awareness campaigns to help users identify and respond to phishing attempts.

We monitor results to identify retraining requirements and help ensure everyone at Abbott understands their shared responsibility to protect sensitive data and personal information.

In 2022, we introduced and completed a new course on security controls for enterprise employees.

Abbott Divisions also have dedicated cybersecurity leaders to help address cybersecurity risks within their business.

They provide updates to division leadership and work with Corporate to look at how cybersecurity controls are applied across Abbott’s businesses.

Regional Security Leaders in key geographies support local and regional cybersecurity requirements.

Product Cybersecurity Our Product Cybersecurity organization partners across Abbott to help ensure products and systems are secure by design and maintain security throughout the product life cycle.

This includes secure development, testing, and ongoing security monitoring and maintenance.

We work to ensure that Abbott products or services that process personal data are certified by an industry recognized certification.

To further protect data, we are working to expand this requirement to internet based applications, such as websites.

Harnessing data and technology, we’re developing connected solutions that enable greater health choices and management.

Connecting People to Care In partnership with diabetes care innovators CamDiab and Ypsomed, Abbott is developing an automated insulin delivery system to aid diabetes management and improve the lives of people living with it.

The new system uses Abbott’s FreeStyle Libre 3 to continuously monitor glucose levels in real time.

The sensor is connected to the CamDiab’s CamAPS FX mobile app, which calculates optimal insulin dosage, communicating it to the Ypsomed mylife automatic insulin YpsoPump .

Abbott is a leader in developing products that offer virtual connections between people and their doctors, improving access to care, helping better control chronic conditions, and reducing healthcare costs.

Protecting patient data is key to our success in this area.

Our Cardiac Rhythm Management business provides an excellent example of this with a suite of connected devices that includes our Gallant implantable cardioverter defibrillator and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator devices that help keep a patient’s heart beating normally, and our Confirm Rx insertable cardiac monitor that allows continuous observation.

These devices communicate with our myMerlinPulse mobile app, which lets patients track the performance of each device and securely share information on heart activity with their doctor from anywhere in the world.

To advance our commitment to data transparency, we have implemented our first Abbott wide cybersecurity portal.

The platform, which is currently open to a limited number of healthcare delivery organizations (HDOs), greatly enhances the speed and ease with which these customers can access relevant product documentation.

Throughout 2023, we aim to add more HDOs to the portal globally.

Launching cybersecurity and privacy communication videos to help employees understand the importance of data privacy and security.

Updating cybersecurity capability training to offer personnel a variety of role based learning paths including mentorship and certification.

Convening our Medical Device Cybersecurity Council.

This group of physicians, CIOs, CISOs, and other healthcare cybersecurity experts meet several times a year to discuss Abbott’s cybersecurity program and focus areas.

Our commitment to product security and privacy has not gone unnoticed.

During 2022, Abbott won a tender to supply continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technology to a healthcare provider in Sweden.

Our FreeStyle Libre CGM system was selected thanks, in part, to the protocols we have in place to keep personal data secure.

Our ability to build a healthy, sustainable future depends on the innovative ideas, execution, and dedication of a diverse workforce.

In return, Abbott provides an environment that helps all employees learn and grow in careers that matter, where they can bring their true selves to work each day.

In the summer of 2022, Bhuvi Kedia (left) and Chaya Sandhu (right) gained valuable experience working as high school STEM interns in our diabetes care business.

Our talent management approach focuses on attracting, retaining, engaging, and developing a diverse workforce ready for tomorrow’s challenges while bringing our strategy to life today.

We offer the opportunity to build a great career with financial security and well being.

When you join Abbott, you are part of a community of employees doing purposeful work in an environment where everyone can bring their true self to work every day.

We build and maintain long term relationships with diverse candidates through the Abbott Talent Community.

This helps build a talent pipeline that promotes diversity and longevity.

Our goal is to build a strong pipeline of internal talent through intentional development.

This includes offering growth opportunities such as mentoring, leadership training, and personalized career development conversations and tools.

Talent Management Reviews (TMRs) Our senior leadership conducts TMRs by division and function to review succession plans for our most critical positions.

As part of these discussions, senior leadership considers employees with leadership potential who are early in their careers and discusses how they can continue to develop that talent.

Our Board of Directors conducts an annual TMR to review succession plans and development actions for our senior positions, as well as discuss the overall health of our talent pipeline.

At Abbott, we believe that when employees and managers talk frequently and honestly about performance and development, employees become more engaged and perform better.

In addition to our formal, annual goal setting and performance assessment process, we also encourage a continuous dialogue, asking managers and employees to have regular conversations throughout each quarter about how the organization is doing, how the employee is performing, and how they can make a bigger impact.

The dialogue can be initiated by the employee or manager, and can follow different formats or scenarios.

During those conversations, managers also seek to identify barriers and determine what they can do to better support the employee, and their career aspirations.

We also offer employees the opportunity to participate in 360 , 180 , and self assessments.

These assessments provide multi perspective feedback from managers, colleagues, peers, direct reports, and others.

Results from the assessment present an expanded understanding of an employee’s strengths and development needs.

Mentoring Our mentoring program connects employees with experienced mentors to receive professional guidance, development perspectives, and career coaching.

In 2022, we expanded the program by adding eight languages and invited more employees to participate globally.

The mentoring program is now available to all employees.

Creating the workforce of the future requires inspiring the workforce of today and tomorrow.

We continue to invest in resources that support the development and professional growth of all our employees and to help them build their best careers.

And we look at ways we can help prepare the next population, particularly women and diverse students.

Our employees can access growth and development opportunities at every stage of their career to build new skills and gain new perspectives (learn more on page 41).

These programs have been designed to support the development and strengthen the skills of all our employees, and to help achieve our goal of increasing diversity in STEM and management roles.

By continuing to foster a culture of learning and growth, we will be able to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow and bring our life changing solutions to more people around the globe.

In 2022, we provided training around data driven decision making, a simulation for agility, and a learning content path for digital mindset training to prepare our employees to be the healthcare engineers, specialists, and providers of the future.

We also launched our first pilot cohort of our Software Engineering Training (SET) program in 2022.

Targeting approximately 25 participants per year, the SET program is a nomination program for current employees interested in learning software engineering.

We plan to launch our second cohort in September 2023.

The SET program supports our internal technical pipeline by providing a challenging technical program that prepares participants to be successful in the field with essential fundamental knowledge of software engineering.

Global Development Weeks Abbott’s Global Development Weeks encourage employees to explore the range of resources available to help them build their best career and realize their full potential.

We had two development weeks in 2022, with approximately 20% of Abbott employees around the world participating.

Nearly 200 leaders served as instructors, facilitating and engaging employees through live webinars, exploring personal branding, and sharing their own development journeys through leadership panels.

There were also external speakers, workshops, online content, and more.

We recognize the vital role frontline managers play in building a supportive, inclusive, and rewarding work environment.

That’s why, in 2022, we reinforced the behaviors learned in our two time Brandon Hall Excellence Awards winning Leading With Impact program through topical peer pods, an interactive coaching workbook, leader podcasts, and more.

As a result, we have seen scores on many components of manager effectiveness increase, showing the work is helping to develop the leadership skills needed to sustain engaged, high performing teams.

After a concerted effort of training people leaders in 2021 to be more proactive, understanding leaders, we continued to train new and newly promoted leaders in 2022.

Approximately 3,600 managers completed the program in 2022 and approximately 96% of all of our leaders have participated in the program since it first rolled out in 2021.

In addition to the vast curriculum available to all employees, we offer various programs to support emerging leaders along their development journey.

New Leader Program: Designed to support new managers in making a successful transition to managerial roles while honing leadership potential.

Instruction is delivered over 12 14 weeks, with eight virtual, instructor led sessions and various self paced modules and on the job activities.

GM Acceleration Program: Created to accelerate the readiness and quality of identified talent for general manager (GM) or commercial leadership roles.

Across a year, three program phases include a business and finance workshop, an assessment center, and development opportunities to apply learned skills.

Global Citizen Development Program: Brings together early career employees to prepare them to be next generation leaders.

Cohorts of approximately 25 employees from different divisions, functions, and geographies complete blended learning sessions to develop leadership skills, build business acumen, and develop a strong network.

The program spans six months and includes critical business challenges where participants apply their learnings.

The Operations Leadership Program (OLP): Provides focused development for key talent within our Operations functions, focusing on helping participants make cross functional and cross company decisions, understanding key business drivers, future challenges, and strategic direction, practicing how to anticipate issues and risks and implement options for mitigation, and strengthening collaboration and relationship building skills.

By design, each cohort is global, culturally diverse, and geographically dispersed.

A key component of the program is helping participants lead and develop others.

The progress of participants is tracked over a three year period against a peer group.

For the latest cohort of participants tracked over three years, the promotion rate is significantly higher than that of the peer group.

The Emerging Leaders Program (ELP): A global development program that identifies and develops cross division talent for future leadership roles.

The program spans five months and includes a virtual workshop to build broad leadership and communication skills, as well as coaching and motivating skills.

The program also includes private coaching, periodic cohort meetings, and a final group webinar to reflect on learnings and refine goals for progress.

The progress of participants is tracked over a three year period against a peer group.

Program participants are promoted at significantly higher rates than their peer group.

By 2030, Abbott plans to create 100,000 STEM opportunities globally, helping to create a pipeline of talent interested in STEM careers to meet the growing demands for healthcare innovation.

We offer a STEM internship for high school students particularly for underrepresented applicants to kick start their healthcare careers.

In 2022, this was expanded into four additional countries Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and Canada bringing the total to 23 locations in eight countries to date.

In November 2022, we launched a three year U.S. skilled trades apprenticeship program.

Apprentices have flexible working hours and study time at nearby community colleges.

And they participate in the program while working their full time job.

Abbott’s goal is to support apprentices throughout their education while preparing them for long term careers with us.

Abbott also has a long established presence on campus at the University of Illinois Urbana Champaign (UIUC) Research Park that continues to give us access to a competitive and diverse pool of talented students to consider for internship opportunities.

Firsthand (formerly Vault) Rankings: 1 Best Health Sciences Internships 1 Best Internships for Engineering 1 Best Internships for Sales, Marketing,.

ChooseMyCompany: 2 for early career programs outside the U.S.

Understanding Employee Sentiment We provide an environment where each employee can be themselves and feel proud about coming to work each day.

To maintain a welcoming environment, we actively listen to employees to understand what they expect and need.

On our Your Voice Counts survey, we ask employees 12 questions that address their basic needs, their contributions, teamwork, and growth.

Our businesses have the opportunity to ask up to six additional questions on topics that are most relevant to their people.

We also include a question to measure employee satisfaction.

In 2022, the Your Voice Counts survey was completed by 78% of all our employees.

Learning and Progression Opportunities In 2022, Abbott hired 21,820 new external employees.

We also filled 44% of open positions with internal candidates.

Our open positions include those filled by external hires, internal hires, and promotions.

Providing our employees with the resources to grow personally and professionally is important to us.

We offer our employees the development and advancement opportunities that allow them to achieve their full potential and have their best careers.

Last year, we provided over 346,000 job and development opportunities and, after two years, are just past halfway to our 1 million goal.

Additionally, we ran two Global Development Weeks in 2022, where more than 22,000 unique employees participated for over 64,000 hours.

Abbott’s 10 employee networks provide communities of support for colleagues across our company.

Here, Samer Saleh (center), a divisional vice president in our Rapid Diagnostics business, connects with Social Media Senior Specialist Shreeya Majmudar (left) and Senior Sales Trainer Ian Wihebrink at an event hosted by our Early Career Network.

We are committed to creating an environment that fosters diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) driving our business forward, fueling our creativity, and inspiring collective innovations that can serve more people.

We strive to maintain an inclusive culture where each person can bring their true self to work, and where everyone is valued for their contributions.

One way we do this is through our Executive Diversity Council a group that drives cross company DEI strategy development and implementation.

The council meets throughout the year with our Chairman and CEO to establish priorities and discuss progress.

Communities of Support Ten employee networks bring our employees together to expand visibility and create opportunities to engage with local communities, develop professionally, and seek or provide mentorship.

Our employee networks take a leadership role in helping to bring attention to DEI related issues.

With nearly 17,000 members overall, each network is sponsored by an Abbott corporate officer and supported by our Diversity and Inclusion team.

Each year, we host hundreds of interns through our college and high school STEM internship programs.

Since the inception of the high school STEM internship in 2012, women have accounted for approximately 70% of former high school interns later hired as full time engineers.

In partnership with Advancing Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE), Abbott launched an initiative to diversify and strengthen our workforce by building cybersecurity curriculum capability at Historically Black College and University (HBCU) engineering schools.

Among other actions, we funded cybersecurity internships for HBCU students during summer 2022 (see page 18).

Future Female Engineers To increase female representation in engineering, Abbott Ireland recently launched the Future Female Engineer program, partnering with Atlantic Technological University to pursue degrees in Mechatronic Systems.

This program is designed to develop existing female employees, typically operators, who do not have a third level technical qualification but are interested in pursuing a career in engineering.

In addition to having dedicated study time, participants will work reduced hours on site as part of the local Abbott engineering team as they complete the three year virtual degree program.

Course fees are fully funded by Abbott, with participants receiving their normal annual salary, building year on year as their experience and knowledge grows.

For more detailed insights into 2022 workforce diversity, please see our 2022 DEI Report.

Forefront 50: Top Corporations for Minority Businesses.

DiversityInc: 3 Company for Diversity (listed for.

DiversityInc’s Top Companies Specialty Lists: 1 Supplier Diversity 3 Environmental, Social, and Governance 4 Sponsorship 4 Native American and Pacific Islander.

Seramount: 22 time 100 Best Company 3 time 100 Best Company for Women in.

Black Engineer of the Year Award (BEYA): 12 honorees.

Abbott sponsors Chicago Urban League’s Project Ready STEAM Summer Camp.

This two week summer initiative aims to enrich middle and high school students’ educational experiences.

The STEAM Summer Camp provides an interactive, educational program with activities and instruction that aids in STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and math) career exploration.

Middle and high school participants will show an increased awareness of STEAM related academic and career pathways by the end of the STEAM Summer Camp.

Middle and high school student participants will increase interest in STEM and motivation to pursue STEM related post secondary education and careers by end of the STEAM Summer Camp.

That is why Abbott offers innovative programs and solutions that reward our efforts, recognize our rich diversity, promote healthy lifestyles, help our employees balance work and family, and provide financial security.

Abbott provides a robust combination of health, wellness, and life programs that provide security for employees.

We also offer opportunities like flextime, part time hours, compressed work weeks, reduced schedules, job sharing, and remote working.

We continually monitor changing needs and offerings, working to provide innovative programs and a competitive well being support program.

Supporting Every Employee We work to develop new programs to assist our employees and their evolving concerns, because we know their needs are as diverse as they are.

Spring Health To advance our well being offering in 2022, we introduced Spring Health as our new mental healthcare provider for U.S. employees.

Spring Health provides personalized, confidential mental health resources to our U.S. employees, their covered family members, and everyone in their household.

Their approach includes one to one support throughout the journey to better mental health and also offers free life work services, parenting coaching, legal and financial services, and more.

Through Spring Health, our employees also have faster access to care through online appointment requests.

Typically, employees will have a confirmed appointment scheduled within approximately 20 minutes after completing a mental health assessment.

Follow up therapy appointments are available within two days on average, and all therapists are in network for most plans, thereby helping ensure employees’ access to affordable care.

Within the first six months of introducing the new mental health and life work service in July 2022, over 8,300 people at Abbott had created accounts with more continuing to open accounts.

Flexible Benefits In Turkey, we offer a flexible benefits program.

Employees can select from a list of optional benefits beyond our core medical and insurance offers for example, travel vouchers, shopping vouchers, and fuel cards.

Digital Primary Care During 2022, we implemented a digital primary care clinic for employees in S o Paulo, Brazil, to support all Brazilian employees, intended to improve access to medical care and management of chronic conditions.

Various services are offered, including periodic exams for primary care, COVID 19 testing and monitoring, and continuing healthcare.

In 2022, more than 4,300 employee appointments were made.

The service includes a telehealth tool, which has expanded the clinic’s digital reach to 100% of Brazilian employees and their dependents (approximately 6,400 people).

It has proven to be an effective tool, with a resolution rate of 91%.

We prioritize well being because we care about and value our employees.

While not motivated by external recognition, we are proud to have our global efforts noted.

Top Employers Institute: Top Employer in 10 countries Continental certification in Europe and Middle East.

Our financial and retirement programs help our employees build a solid financial future for themselves and their families.

We work to ensure employees are compensated fairly and without discrimination regardless of race, ethnicity, or gender.

Base salaries and benefits that are market competitive.

Annual and long term incentives linked to performance, with a balance of short and long term financial and strategic objectives.

Compensation that encourages behavior consistent with the ethical values in Abbott’s Code of Business Conduct.

Supporting Financial Well Being17 In addition to providing equitable compensation, we help employees build an ownership stake in Abbott.

Offerings (where applicable) include retirement savings programs, employee stock purchase plans, and restricted stock units (RSUs) awarded as long term incentives.

In 2022, Abbott granted RSUs to about 14,000 employees across 73 countries and offered our employee stock purchase plan in 63 countries with 44% of eligible employees participating.

Our financial security offerings include several innovative programs designed to address the issues we know employees face.

Freedom 2 Work The Freedom 2 Work program was developed in the U.S. to leverage the knowledge and experience of our seasoned employees approaching retirement.

The initiative allows them to reduce their schedules, workloads, and or responsibilities while continuing to build retirement income.

In addition, we created a partial retirement program in the Netherlands that allows those approaching retirement age which has been gradually increasing to maintain pension accumulation while reducing workload.

Sixteen percent of eligible employees currently participate.

Freedom 2 Save Freedom 2 Save helps U.S. employees save for retirement while repaying student loans.

Since its launch in 2018, more than 2,400 employees have enrolled in the program.

Those putting at least 2% of eligible pay toward student loan repayments receive a 5% 401(k) contribution from Abbott amounting to contributions of over 5.5 million since inception.

We were the first company to help U.S. employees save for retirement while repaying student loans through our Freedom 2 Save program, which was recently codified by the federal government through the SECURE 2.0 Act.

Student Loan Support in the Netherlands In the Netherlands, we developed a student loan program in response to changes in government university level financing in 2015.

FreeU In 2021, we launched FreeU a virtual program to help employees pursue a bachelor’s degree on flexible schedules at no personal cost when combined with our tuition reimbursement program.

Keeping employees and contractors healthy and safe is non negotiable for Abbott.

We’re committed to driving a culture of shared responsibility, embedding safety considerations throughout our business process.

Health and safety Strategic planning and prioritization Risk assessment self assessment Business integration Training and awareness Communication and information Performance measures.

Our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Leadership Council is made up of business and global EHS leaders who develop and drive our EHS programs, including those related to employee health and safety.

Abbott’s EHS organization reports to the Senior Vice President, Quality Assurance, Regulatory and Engineering Services, who reports to our Chairman and CEO.

The commercial EHS organization is divided across six regions, each with a dedicated manager.

Safety representatives and teams at each Abbott site help ensure internal EHS programs are implemented successfully.

At the end of 2022, 23 Abbott sites were certified to International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 45001:2018.

We evaluate commercial operations, manufacturing, and R D sites on a regular basis.

Using an EHS scorecard, senior leadership monitors performance with results used to identify corrective actions.

Occupational Health Services Our global Occupational Health Services (OHS) team develops and maintains occupational health policies, procedures, and guidelines, trains relevant employees, and consults on regulatory compliance.

Together with the EHS team, the OHS team leads our response to public health emergencies with the potential to impact our employees and our business.

The team also implements Abbott’s global employee health and productivity strategy, supported by our OHS Standard, which requires each facility to have designated healthcare professionals with site specific knowledge.

Today, more than 130 occupational health professionals support employee health and well being, and treat illnesses and injuries.

They also conduct regular screenings and health education programs.

Site and divisional leaders track implementation of occupational health and well being initiatives using a Global Health Scorecard.

We also have a Reproductive Hazard Management Standard to help ensure the health and safety of employees and their potential future children.

Training and Awareness Management Standard to inform employees of risks and job specific hazards.

Emergency Preparedness Standard to establish requirements for emergency preparedness planning and ensuring health and safety on site and in surrounding communities.

All EHS management and technical standards are detailed online.

Protecting Our Employees Through our team of experienced security professionals and subject matter experts, the Employee Safety Group executes a variety of protective programs all focused on one common Duty of Care goal keeping our employees accounted for, safe, and secure.

The Global Communications Center monitors world events to proactively identify emerging threats and tactically get the right information to the right decision makers right away.

Situational Awareness For Everyone Everywhere (SAFEE) briefings boost employee personal security awareness mindset and attitude.

In 2022, it was provided to more than 12,000 employees.

Regional security experts and our Travel Safety program help identify high risk travel destinations and protect employees traveling for work.

The Threat Management team partners with corporate stakeholders to keep Abbott’s work environments safe and reduce the incidence and impact of troubling situations.

The Executive Protection and Special Events Support teams partner with senior leadership stakeholders to create safe environments for employees and senior leaders participating in a variety of Abbott sponsored events including senior leadership gatherings, Abbott World Marathons Majors, and division level conferences.

We consistently update our protocols to safeguard against occupational injuries and illness.

Each division actively implements initiatives to drive improvements.

As well as introducing new measures, we maintain and evolve our existing practices and provide targeted training in key areas, such as the safe driving program to reduce vehicle accidents across Abbott.

Enhancing Lockout Tagout Control We demand strict safety protocols are followed when servicing and maintaining equipment.

It’s why, in 2022, we focused on enhancing Abbott’s Control of Hazardous Energy processes.

These processes, known as lockout tagout, are critical to prevent severe employee injuries.

Refresher sessions were delivered to approximately 500 employees and contractors during our 2022 EHS Awareness Campaign, and during global sessions we brought in a speaker to emphasize the importance of strictly following lockout tagout processes.

We prioritize workplace safety in every single Abbott site.

Our Plant of the Year award is given to locations where EHS practices help raise the bar.

The recipients for 2022 were our Electrophysiology and Structural Heart plant in Costa Rica and our Diabetes Care plant in Donegal, Ireland (pictured below).

We also award EHS Excellence Awards every year, selecting standout individuals and teams from a pool of over 100 nominations.

Categories include Health Safety, Environmental Sustainability, Product Stewardship, Occupational Health, and Community Outreach.

We are committed to actively protecting human rights.

Our processes for managing human rights risks are embedded throughout the business, encompassing workforce policies, ethics and compliance programs, supply chain management, and more.

We regularly evaluate risk exposure, including annual risk assessment of strategic suppliers in our supply chain.

Discrimination and unequal pay Unsafe working conditions Human trafficking Child labor Forced or bonded labor.

We maintain policies, including our Code of Business Conduct and policy on workplace harassment, that reinforce our zero tolerance for any discrimination.

They detail steps for reporting instances of workplace harassment or discrimination and clearly define escalation processes.

U.S. employees are required to complete anti harassment training every two years, and beginning in 2021, all managerial employees are required to complete unconscious bias training.

Our global problem solving policy encourages employees and management to maintain open lines of communication, calling attention to issues as they arise.

The policy also details alternative steps employees can take to resolve issues or concerns.

We investigate all reported allegations of harassment or discrimination in a confidential manner and, where necessary, take corrective action.

Consequences for employees include disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

Read more about our processes for reporting, investigating, and addressing instances of harassment and discrimination on page 85.

All employees must adhere to relevant laws and Abbott’s policies, procedures, principles, and standards.

Our Code of Business Conduct prohibits illegal and inappropriate labor conditions, and cruel or inhumane treatment.

In our supply chain, we establish human rights expectations of strategic suppliers we enter a business relationship with through our Supplier Guidelines, and conduct assessment, monitoring, and auditing of strategic suppliers to identify and mitigate potential risks, including those related to human rights.

We also address human rights risks in our other business relationships, including through our Third Party Compliance Process, which requires Abbott businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside the U.S. to complete due diligence before engaging third party companies.

This involves screening companies, identifying high risk partners, and monitoring and mitigating any potential risks, including human rights risks.

Find more about our discrimination and harassment approach on page 86 compensation and benefits on page 46 and health and safety on page 47.

As champions for health, we do more than develop life changing products and technologies.

We take targeted action to help protect our environment.

We are evolving our operations to better preserve a healthy environment, building a more resilient, responsible business.

We rely on natural resources to manufacture and supply products that help people around the world live healthy, full lives.

We are committed to using them as responsibly as possible to preserve a healthy environment now and for future generations.

A comprehensive environmental, health, and safety (EHS) approach and defined governance drive our efforts.

Our Management Approach Abbott’s EHS organization reports to the Senior Vice President, Quality Assurance, Regulatory and Engineering Services, who reports to our Chairman and CEO.

The Senior Vice President is also the executive sponsor for the development and implementation of our environmental strategy, including climate change and water.

The Board of Directors and its committees have oversight over Abbott’s environmental, social, and governance practices.

Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.

For more information visit a4ws.org certification.

Three leadership councils support implementation of EHS programs, covering concepts from product and facility design to operation to sales and service.

Global Operations Council (GOC) Oversees operations strategy across manufacturing, supply chain, engineering, and EHS.

Commercial EHS Executive Council Sets EHS priorities, goals, and objectives for commercial operations.

EHS Leadership Council Sets EHS strategy and helps ensure execution of programs.

Policies, Regulations, and Auditing We maintain policies and standards that align with best practices, regulatory trends, and requirements and seek to ensure we operate in accordance with applicable requirements.

Our comprehensive global audit program monitors compliance with applicable environmental regulations.

It also identifies potential risks to our business and employees.

We evaluate EHS risk factors for each site annually, using insights to determine audit frequency.

Following audits, corrective action plans are developed, implemented, and monitored where needed.

The audit program also informs standards and regulatory training requirements for relevant employees through the identification of potential risks to business.

Our EHS policies and standards are available online.

Environmental and Ecosystem Protection Recognizing the vital role protecting biodiversity and ecosystems plays in environmental management, we maintain technical standards designed to prevent unpermitted environmental releases.

Each Abbott facility must comply with these standards as well as relevant external regulations.

We assess environmental risk from our operations and our supply chain, and we are working across functions to establish a biodiversity program.

Engaging Employees EHS employees are trained on relevant regulatory requirements and Abbott’s standards.

We further engage employees in environmental efforts through evaluations of EHS leaders against annual EHS performance goals, dedicated forums for discussing priority EHS issues, and our annual EHS Awards Program.

Utilizing External Standards We consider Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification when building new facilities, and have certified 17 projects under LEED standards, including 1 platinum, 4 gold, and 6 silver certifications.

We also consider external certification such as International Organization for Standardization (ISO) where they add business value.

By the end of 2022, 52% of manufacturing sites had been certified under ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems and or ISO 50001:2018 Energy Management Systems standards.

These sites represent 68% of our manufacturing site square footage.

Mergers and Acquisitions Our EHS Policy requires that EHS liability and compliance evaluations are completed on property and business acquisitions and divestitures.

Compliance with our EHS Policy is also incorporated into all new acquisitions.

Abbott develops multi year integration plans to align acquisitions with our EHS management practices, standards, and policy.

Integration progress is monitored and verified by an internal EHS compliance audit.

Our sites regularly establish and deliver projects to address environmental impacts and the unique requirements of their region.

Developing facilities for environmental efficiency can also achieve significant financial savings.

Reducing climate impact is key to a healthy planet.

We’re working to deliver results against near term science based targets to reduce carbon emissions.

Our energy and air emissions recording and reduction programs are outlined in our Energy Policy, technical standards, and energy guidelines.

Energy efficiency in manufacturing operations Low carbon energy investments Transportation fleet efficiency Supply chain carbon footprint.

Our first action in addressing our carbon footprint is to measure and track annual emissions.

Sum of percentages listed is greater than 100% due to rounding.

Emissions Targets Based on Science19 We are continuing to reduce our emissions as well as strengthen our commitments to reductions for our global operations.

In 2022, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) approved Abbott’s near term science based greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets and classified our Scope 1 and 2 targets as aligning with a well below 2 C trajectory.

Operational energy efficiency and reduced energy demands.

Purchase of renewable energy Electrification of industrial processes, spaces, and fleets.

Conversion to cleaner fuel options Integration of sustainable engineering technologies and concepts into projects.

Business and manufacturing site specific carbon reduction goals22.

Scope 3 emissions are estimated annually using the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, referring to the categories20 applicable to Abbott.

We are working with key carbon intensive suppliers to reduce our Scope 3 footprint.

Abbott has committed that 82% of its suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have science based targets by 2026.

Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and Scope 3 emissions related to business travel and operational waste production, undergo third party limited assurance annually.

Our latest assurance statement is available on the Environmental Policy page of our website.

Climate Change Adaptation We’re also taking action to protect people’s health in a world impacted by climate change, focusing in two areas: tracking and finding solutions for emerging health threats and preparing frontline systems and communities.

Across our business and in collaboration with others, we’re working to identify and address emerging health issues, strengthen underlying systems, and help build more resilient communities.

To read about our work to address emerging health threats, see page 16.

To read about our efforts to build resilience in communities affected by disasters, see page 23.

Assessing Our Climate Risk Our EHS Governance team, along with key Abbott functions such as Legal, Regulatory, Supply Chain, Risk Management, Business Continuity, and Finance, monitors emerging climate related trends and regulations.

This allows us to analyze potential business impacts, understand risk exposure, and develop appropriate mitigation strategies.

The Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) outlines how companies should report on climate related risks and mitigation strategies.

CDP (formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate Change Disclosure Response (2022).

The environmental metrics we track and report against are available on page 98.

Regulated Air Emissions Any Abbott facilities using substances containing ozone depleting or hazardous toxic air pollutants, as classified by local environmental protection agencies, adhere to applicable regulations.

They also abide by Abbott’s technical standards to help ensure protection of human and environmental health.

Our Supplier Guidelines establish that the same standards are expected of Abbott suppliers.

A More Energy Efficient Global Operation To make progress on site specific and Abbott emission reduction targets, we are retrofitting equipment and advancing in house energy management.

Several sites collect sub metered energy data to identify and quantify manufacturing inefficiencies.

These insights inform a list of priority energy demand reduction projects across Abbott.

We also build for sustainability, with environmental considerations front of mind during design and construction stages.

For example, our new facility under construction in Kilkenny, Ireland, will incorporate key sustainable design features including implementing energy efficiency, green building concepts, and effective waste management throughout the construction and operational phases.

Throughout 2022, absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions production decreased by 0.4% compared to 2021.

When adjusted for sales, Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by 1.7% over this same period.

Powering Our Facilities Our ongoing Renewable Energy Procurement initiative drives efforts to increase use of renewables.

In 2022, we purchased 180 million kWh of low carbon and renewable energy, resulting in savings of about 76,500 metric tons of CO2e.

These savings were complemented by the roughly 2.6 million kWh generated from solar installations at 10 of our sites.

Three additional sites that received Abbott funding in 2022 to install on site solar panels.

Increasingly Green Transport To manage fuel consumption in our commercial fleet, we have established requirements for vehicle fuel efficiency.

We are converting our U.K. fleet from traditional internal combustion and hybrid vehicles to electric vehicles (EVs).

To date, we have replaced about 34% of the U.K. fleet with EVs, with a plan to transition the remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.

We continue to encourage employees to reduce their commuting impacts through providing on site EV charging stations as well as promoting car sharing and public transportation use.

As part of our site environmental sustainability efforts, 14 additional EV stations were installed at Abbott Park corporate headquarters, six EV stations installed at our Molecular business in the U.S., and 12 EV stations at our Nutrition business in Spain.

Sustainably Upgrading Our Facilities Our cross functional teams search for ways to retrofit facilities for sustainability.

At our nutrition site in Zwolle, the Netherlands, we installed a heat recovery and pump system.

The system harnesses heat energy produced by other systems such as chillers, air compressors, and production units to heat water in the site’s new aseptic production line, reducing energy procurement requirements.

The installation has also reduced GHG emissions, resulting in an annual decrease of about 1,700 metric tons of CO2e emissions.

At our Rapid Diagnostics site in China, a team analyzed operational site energy consumption and identified opportunities for energy conservation.

In 2022, the site implemented several energy saving projects, including replacing air handling unit motors with more energy efficient motors, installing a heat recovery system to recover heat from the air conditioning system’s dehumidifier, and repairing and refurbishing steam piping insulation.

These projects helped reduce energy consumption at the site such that by the end of October 2022, electricity consumption on a per unit production basis was approximately 30% lower than the previous year, while steam consumption on the same basis was about 36% lower than the previous year.

We also seek opportunities to reduce our emission impact beyond energy reduction.

At a medical devices facility in the U.S., we implemented a process change to switch to a lower global warming potential (GWP) material.

This change resulted in less air emissions and an annual GHG saving of about 1,300 metric tons CO2e per year which represents about a 40% reduction of total CO2e emissions at this site.

Upgrading Our Energy and Environmental Impact Tool In 2022, we implemented upgrades to our Energy and Environmental Impact Tool, an embedded element in our engineering Front End Planning process.

These upgrades incorporate principles from industry standards and allow project teams to identify and model energy efficient and environmentally sustainable concepts for inclusion in the capital project design.

Reduce: Continuously work to improve water use efficiency in our operations.

Prevent: Manage water discharges that could adversely impact human health or the environment.

Educate: Emphasize to our employees and suppliers the importance of protecting groundwater and other water resources vulnerable to overuse or contamination, and the role they play in doing so.

Engage: Develop and apply key water management principles and best practices across our company.

We tailor this approach, and our efforts to mitigate potential risks, to local circumstances to help ensure business continuity.

That’s why we’re committed to responsible water use in the communities where we operate.

Our annual mapping process helps us understand where we source and where we discharge water.

This provides us with greater insight into our operational impacts on local basins.

Most of our sites discharge water to municipal treatment plants before release to the environment.

Those that treat water on site and discharge it directly are required to meet relevant local regulations.

Wherever we use and discharge water, we work to minimize the impact we have on the quality and quantity of local sources.

In some instances, we have established initiatives that address the most pressing local needs whether that’s quality, quantity, or other concerns for those who rely on this precious natural resource.

Sum of percentages listed is less than 100% due to rounding.

Water mitigation requirements depend on water stress and water use.

All our sites must comply with internal and external requirements regardless of their context.

Level 1: High Water Use Evaluate local water risks Identify opportunities to mitigate water related risk Set and track water targets Engage local stakeholders.

Level 2: Medium Low Water Use Evaluate local water risks Identify opportunities to mitigate water related risk Set and track water targets.

Implementing management plans and targets for mitigating risks.

Engaging key local stakeholders to fully understand water related risks.

Baseline water stress using the WRI AqueductTM tool.

This analysis allows us to tailor our water management systems accordingly to reduce impacts at sites identified as exposed to water stress.

Read more about how we manage water risks in our CDP Water Disclosure Response (2022) (section W4.2b).

Engaging Key Suppliers We initiated engagements with key suppliers on initiatives to reduce water quality and quantity risk.

Read more about our 2022 supply chain efforts on page 75.

We took concerted efforts throughout 2022 to reduce our water use and impacts.

Total water intake in 2022 decreased by 0.2% versus the previous year.

When adjusted for sales, water intake decreased by 1.5% compared to 2021.

Water Stewardship Certification In 2022, 24 manufacturing sites were identified as operating in areas of water stress.

Of those, 42% used less than 15 million gallons (57 megaliters) of water.

Considering basin water stress, basin water depletion level, and water usage, 11 manufacturing sites were deemed high water impact.

Good water governance Sustainable water balance Good water quality status Important water related areas Safe water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH).

Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.

For more information visit a4ws.org certification.

Water Stewardship Management Practices In 2022, the EHS Governance team finalized Abbott’s internal water stewardship management practices, complete with accompanying guidance and standardized templates.

This process included engagement of subject matter experts across Abbott and approval from relevant councils to finalize and publish.

Thirteen manufacturing sites were identified as being in water stressed areas but not classified as high water impact.

We have engaged these sites via our community of practice, and all non high water impact manufacturing sites in water stressed areas completed efforts to implement Phase 1 of the accredited water stewardship management practices.

The first phase focuses on understanding water management within the internal boundaries of the facility.

Supporting Local Water Needs Successful water management should also consider local water and biodiversity needs.

We work with local partners to support these demands.

For example, our Granada site donates empty 1,000kg bulk containers to a local forest regeneration nongovernmental organization (NGO) that supports the irrigation of trees and gives a second life to these vessels.

Our Temecula, California, site has also partnered with our waste disposal company to provide compost to a local winery to improve soil conditions and enhance water retention.

Site Upgrades to Optimize Water Use To drive greater water use efficiency, we are committed to finding ways to upgrade our existing sites and processes every year.

In 2022, one of our medical device facilities in California converted the site’s turf to drought resistant plants utilizing drip irrigation.

This project will save about 4.5 megaliters of water every year at this water stressed site.

At a diagnostics facility in Ireland, an opportunity to recover reject water from a reverse osmosis (RO) treatment step was implemented to redirect the reject water back into the pre treatment process.

The project is yielding a wastewater reduction of approximately 1,000 liters per hour, ultimately saving about 8.8 megaliters of water per year.

We also implemented a project at our medical device site in Costa Rica to collect graywater from various sources, such as laundry, condensation from air conditioning, rain, and cooling towers blowdown, and to use this graywater instead of potable water as feed water for toilets.

This initiative resulted in annual water savings of about 14.8 megaliters.

Products have potential impacts on human health and the environment at every stage of their life cycle.

We are committed to reducing these impacts beyond the manufacturing phase.

Our waste management strategy commits us to finding ethical, economical, and efficient ways to reduce the volume and hazardous characteristics of our waste and helps ensure proper disposal practices.

It also goes further, with a commitment to maximize recovery of resources and improve operating efficiency while reducing environmental risks and impacts.

Procurement: We engage strategic suppliers to help ensure operational inputs e.g., raw materials, processed goods, and services are procured ethically and sustainably.

Design, production, and distribution: We consider the environmental and social impacts of how we produce and deliver our products.

Consumption: We aim for our products to be consumed and disposed of in environmentally responsible ways.

Efforts to manage and reduce our waste footprint are supported by safe material handling training for relevant manufacturing workers.

Read about our waste diversion initiatives with key suppliers on page 78.

Closing the Loop on Operational Waste We are targeting a circular economy approach to reduce impacts from waste by 2030, aiming to achieve and maintain a waste diversion rate of at least 90%.25 In 2022, we reached a 90% rate by diverting 62% of materials to beneficial use, and a further 28% away from incineration without energy recovery and landfill.

This approach reflects our commitment to finding responsible and economical ways to reduce the volume of waste we produce while ensuring effective disposal practices.

We are innovating processes to maximize resource recovery considering a circular approach.

We have standards and guidelines addressing hazardous and nonhazardous waste, as well as beneficial use activities.

Incorporating preventive maintenance and process design to eliminate waste generation Processing waste reduction through diagnosing and fixing problems that would otherwise result in waste generation.

Reducing waste through product design, material input, and purchasing decisions Partnering across other value chains to promote beneficial use.

Segregating waste material properly Recycling and incinerating with energy recovery.

Managing Hazardous and Chemical Waste We are prioritizing reducing the proportion of waste classified as hazardous (around 12% of our 2022 waste footprint).

Our waste management standard has requirements for proper management of hazardous waste, and for decontaminating biohazardous waste prior to final disposal.

It also details training requirements for any Abbott employee or contractor working with waste.

When adjusted for sales, waste production decreased 6.8% versus 2021.

In 2022, two manufacturing facilities and four non manufacturing facilities received Zero Waste to Landfill certification.

This expands our total Zero Waste to Landfill program, which includes 39 manufacturing and 12 non manufacturing facilities certified since our program began in 2012.

Reducing Waste and Increasing Waste Diversion Through Site Initiatives Abbott continues to look for ways to reduce the generation of waste and increase waste diversion at the site level.

At our nutrition site in Singapore, the site’s Waste Diversion Committee identified several opportunities to reduce waste and or increase diversion rate.

One such opportunity was to find a beneficial use for a raw material waste that was previously being incinerated.

This effort will result in a waste reduction of approximately 128 metric tons annually at the site as this waste material will now be composted and used as fertilizer.

Another waste reduction opportunity identified by this same committee was to divert food waste from incineration to the site’s new food digester.

This will result in approximately 18 metric tons of material annually beneficially used as compost.

In alignment with our goal to maintain a waste diversion rate of 90%, we seek opportunities to move waste away from landfilling and incineration without energy recovery.

Examples that were initiated this year include collecting safety shoes to recycle the rubber soles, collecting expired safety helmets to recycle the hard plastic shell, and expanding a recycling program to include all single use personal protective equipment (PPE).

Minimizing Waste Impacts Through Innovation Abbott sites in California, Oregon, and Minnesota have piloted a technology that equips front load waste containers with machine learning equipped camera hardware.

The technology flags instances of improperly sorted waste (e.g., trash in recycling) during each container load and offers automated communications with recommendations to optimize container sizing and pickup frequency.

Teams have leveraged this technology to pursue data driven actions while optimizing waste vendor spends.

Abbott continues to work with waste vendors in various capacities to implement innovative solutions to increase diversion rates.

Our manufacturing plant in Brazil identified a unique waste disposal alternative through a partnership established in 2022 with a local company.

Approximately 10.9 metric tons per year of gel packaging used to thermally protect received manufacturing materials was previously incinerated for disposal.

This quantity is now used as an ingredient in this company’s process, prolonging the useful life of these materials in alignment with our circular economy approach.

Working With Our Suppliers We’re engaging suppliers in our efforts to lower the impact of packaging as part of our circular economy approach.

Throughout 2022, we initiated engagements with five key suppliers to reduce the environmental impacts of inbound materials, discussing mutually beneficial opportunities to prevent them becoming waste.

To support these discussions, we developed standardized supplier facing information for use by cross business supplier relationship managers.

Line workers at Abbott’s nutrition plant in Singapore monitor the packaging process.

We are continually assessing design and manufacturing processes to enhance our packaging balancing the need for protecting the product with protecting the planet.

Recognizing the impact our packaging can have on the environment, we’re designing for recyclability, efficiency, and increasingly positive impact.

Our Sustainable Packaging Council has designed a database for reporting predicted progress against division projections for packaging projects.

These next decade figures guide Abbott functions as they collaborate to design and manufacture packaging with environmental sustainability as a priority.

Our 2030 commitment is to address 50 million pounds of packaging through high impact sustainable design programs that employ circularity principles.

Sustainable Packaging Guiding Principles inform existing packaging upgrades and target new, more sustainable designs.

Including Suppliers in Our Circular Economy Approach We’re engaging suppliers in our efforts to lower the impact of packaging as part of our circular economy approach.

Read more about our supplier partnerships for environmental impacts on page 75.

Sustainable Packaging Project Roadmap In July 2022, we established a detailed three year roadmap for sustainable packaging.

The guide includes investment required and a KPI tracking system for our 2030 packaging commitment.

Projects focus on the optimization of existing packaging and institutionalizing sustainable packaging design for new projects.

We are actively monitoring progress and establishing divisional reporting with data collection.

We continue to socialize the importance of sustainable packaging and communicate broadly with our internal Sustainable Packaging Council to identify projects that contribute to our goal.

Transitioning to More Responsible Materials Our medicines business is addressing over 280,000 pounds of packaging by transitioning non recyclable borosilicate glass bottles to a widely recyclable polyethylene terephthalate (PET) material.

In addition, 1.3 million pounds of fiber based packaging purchased and consumed in Colombia was certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC).

Optimize Material Efficiency (Eliminate and Reduce) Eliminate unnecessary components Reduce packaging materials.

Employ Circularity Principles (Smart Design and Material Selection) Replace problematic materials Design for disassembly Design for recyclability Design for reuse Utilize renewable materials Integrate recycled content .

Balance Packaging Systems Holistically Optimize cube efficiency Provide consumer direction Improve carbon footprint.

We work with key supply chain partners to understand the wider effects of our products.

These partnerships inform stewardship by providing insight into steps of the product life cycle.

Our Product Stewardship, Supply Chain, R D, Engineering, and EHS groups collaborate to analyze how and what we source.

Relevant teams partner to identify and mitigate environmental impacts of our packaging and products.

Hazardous Chemicals and Conflict Minerals Hazardous chemicals are those that pose a risk to human and environmental health.

We comply with relevant regulations for product use, recycling, and disposal.

Product marketing and sales comply with current regulations for hazardous chemicals, not just those in place at the time of development.

Conflict minerals include tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold also known as 3TG minerals.

We maintain due diligence processes for 3TG sourcing and use.

We file an annual Form SD26 and Conflict Minerals Report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, accessible via our Conflict Minerals webpage.

As a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative, we use its Reporting Template to survey suppliers on conflict materials.

Product Stewardship Product stewardship covers design to end of life.

To help ensure compliance with applicable regulations, our product stewardship focuses on minimizing use of hazardous chemicals and substances of concern and managing these materials in products, packaging, and manufacturing processes.

Assessments are conducted for substances of concern or restricted materials for new and changed products.

Whether continued use can be justified The value of use versus reformulation Any potential compliance issues.

The evaluation process creates an opportunity to research suitable alternatives, including potential product performance and cost impacts.

Business management reviews recommendations for next steps, including justification for substance use, product support strategies, and business risk monitoring and mitigation plans.

Our product stewardship program tracks and addresses hazardous chemical legislation and supports the implementation of conflict mineral due diligence.

We offer product stewardship training to all relevant teams, including R D, Supply Chain, Procurement, and EHS.

Our Corporate Product Stewardship organization updates all company areas on potential business impacts of changes to regulatory requirements for hazardous chemicals.

Our regulatory intelligence process follows business level actions to confirm we remain compliant and helps ensure potential impacts are identified in a timely manner.

We make our products and services as if they were for our own families.

That’s why we continuously improve our systems and processes to help ensure we deliver only the highest quality products and services.

Laboratory Technician Mary McGardle analyzing a test sample, helping ensure the quality of products produced at our nutrition manufacturing facility in Cootehill, Ireland.

Abbott Expand with language from Annual Report to contextualize Abbott various business etc.

Every day, people around the world rely on Abbott to provide life changing products and services.

Delivering high quality, safe, and effective products and technologies is fundamental to our business.

Maintaining quality requires a company wide commitment.

That’s why we work to embed it across our company.

We have robust quality processes in place for all of our products and services, and we are committed to continually assessing and improving those processes as information, technologies, and practices evolve.

We also work with our suppliers to promote the same commitment to quality and safety through qualification programs, audits, and other tools.

We maintain over 20 quality focused working groups led by our global subject matter experts, who delve into emerging issues and learnings from events to improve practices and processes.

Issues Responsiveness We are dedicated to create the life changing products and technologies of the future and are vigilant they are of the highest quality.

In 2022, Abbott initiated a voluntary recall of powder infant formulas manufactured in one facility.

The recall responded to reports of Cronobacter sakazakii or Salmonella Newport in infants who had consumed powder infant formula from this facility.

After thorough investigation by Abbott and others conducted over the course of the last year, there is no conclusive evidence linking Abbott’s formulas to these infant illnesses.

As we worked through this situation, Abbott worked tirelessly to help get formula into caregivers’ hands, boosting production in our global network where we could to increase infant formula supply to the U.S., and shipping tens of millions of pounds from our facilities in Europe.

We prioritized infant formula production at our Columbus, Ohio, facility, switching from manufacturing adult nutrition products to Similac and Alimentum liquid ready to feed formulas.

We also worked with the USDA and state Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) agencies in states where we were the contracted manufacturer so program participants could continue to obtain formula, free of charge, whether Similac or formula from another manufacturer when Similac was not available.

We ran other facilities at increased capacity to help replenish the supply in the market.

Abbott worked with the Patient Advocate Foundation to establish a Pediatric Amino Acid Formula Emergency Assistance Fund for patients on amino acid based formulas who required hospitalizations or emergency room visits as a result of the amino acid based formula shortage.

The fund helped them with medical and living expenses incurred.

At Abbott, we all put the people we serve at the center of everything we do.

We make our products and services as if they were for our own families.

We live Abbott’s purpose of creating a healthier world where everyone can have better, fuller lives.

We know that every one of us plays a vital role in bringing our life changing solutions around the globe to the people who need them.

Employees signing Abbott’s Customer Pledge during an event focused on our culture of quality and customer centricity.

Quality and safety are paramount for Abbott we embed quality and safety at the highest levels of our entire business.

Abbott’s Quality Management System (QMS) model and metrics are continuously reviewed to track site, business, and company level performance.

We capture and apply key learnings and best practices, including those from external intelligence, and industry specific issues are examined and escalated as appropriate.

We analyze root causes for performance indicators and take appropriate corrective actions.

In targeted use cases, machine learning enhances potential risk predictions.

To enhance data analysis and decision making, the Abbott Quality and Regulatory (AQR) advanced analytics team is increasingly harnessing machine learning and artificial intelligence to modernize processes.

We conduct compliance auditing at the site, division, and corporate levels.

Each operating business maintains a QMS and performs audits in line with governing regulations.

Surveillance results feed into continuous improvement initiatives.

Our quality system is based on established regulations and industry standards that govern the quality framework for Abbott businesses.

We have policies, processes, and procedures that encompass the total product life cycle, including the design of cybersecurity controls, to help ensure quality design at every stage.

Quality Governance Our operations cross several jurisdictions, with 88 manufacturing sites and oversight from over 120 quality and regulatory agencies.

Our quality framework drives regulatory compliance wherever we operate.

The Senior Vice President, Quality Assurance, Regulatory and Engineering Services oversees quality globally, reporting to our Chairman and CEO.

Executive management review of the quality system takes place quarterly to reinforce alignment with Abbott’s quality policy and objectives, as well as relevant regulations.

Quality and Operation heads also review quality and compliance metrics, including improvement plans on a quarterly basis.

Business specific quality and regulatory leaders are responsible for business specific quality systems, updating each president on progress.

The Board’s Public Policy Committee reviews quality metrics, industry progress, and emerging issues.

Engaging Our Supply Chain A comprehensive, risk based program helps ensure suppliers impacting our regulated products and or QMS conform to quality requirements.

Suppliers are required to have a documented QMS appropriate for the products and services they provide to Abbott.

We monitor suppliers against performance criteria.

They are classified according to potential impact risk level this informs evaluation frequency, from every two (high risk) to four (low risk) years.

Learn how we categorize suppliers for sustainability risks on page 73.

Audits and evaluations aim to confirm suppliers can deliver to our requirements, maintain adequate QMS elements, and conform to relevant regulations and standards.

Abbott chooses suppliers with quality management systems and training processes that meet requirements.

On site audits and additional agreements for high risk suppliers verify operational capabilities and QMS requirements.

Complementing our QMS, Abbott’s quality assurance (QA) groups require that suppliers maintain training and competency programs and records.

Assuring Commercial Quality Commercial quality assurance groups help ensure supply chain processes maintain product quality and compliance.

Operational excellence Customer satisfaction Supply chain assurance Organization and professional development.

It also aligns systems for managing suppliers, documentation, warehouse controls, distribution controls, nonconformance, and corrective and preventive action (CAPA).

Assuring Quality Through Training and Certification New employees are trained on QMS elements, with an annual QMS refresher course delivered to existing and part time personnel.

In addition, business level Good Manufacturing Training offerings and corporate level quality courses support employees with product quality responsibilities.

Each business also offers tailored division and site specific trainings.

In 2022, we introduced new trainings on material controls and cybersecurity for all Quality personnel and created a curriculum to enhance critical thinking and technical writing skills.

We continuously monitor industry hot topics, recalls, and audit findings to understand where we can augment our training offerings.

Also in 2022, we increased funding for pursuit of American Society for Quality (ASQ) and Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society (RAPS) qualifications, resulting in 31 additional employees receiving various quality and regulatory certifications through the ASQ and RAPS.

Independent Quality Certification and Standards Manufacturing operations hold Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification, including International Organization for Standardization (ISO) ISO 13485 and ISO 9001 certification for quality management.

One hundred percent of Abbott’s finished device manufacturing sites have been certified under ISO 13485.

Of our international nutrition manufacturing sites, 83% are ISO 9001 certified and 100% are ISO 22000 certified.

Abbott’s Quality Manual and QMS encompass the requirements of the ISO standards and are implemented at all manufacturing sites.

Our nutrition manufacturing maintains Food and Safety standards certification as well.

AAMI (Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation).

ASTM International ISPE (International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering).

Delivering quality and safe products is an ongoing process, and one we strive to improve year over year.

Product Quality Indicators Regulatory agencies around the world regularly assess our quality performance across our locations.

Abbott does not distribute pharmaceutical products in the U.S.

On May 16, 2022, Abbott entered into a consent decree with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) related to its Sturgis, Michigan, infant formula plant.

Quality Plant of the Year We believe in recognizing and showcasing best in class work and so, every year, we name a Quality Plant of the Year.

We invite employees to submit nominations, detailing quality performance, to our panel of judges, which comprises senior leaders from a variety of functions.

To determine the winning plants, semi finalists are invited to present to a panel.

Senior leadership from Quality Assurance, Regulatory, Engineering, and Abbott’s Senior Vice President visit the winners to present the awards on site.

Reducing Human Error Abbott focuses intently on reducing instances of human error in our operations.

Beginning in 2020, five of our diagnostics sites designed a human reliability program to reduce human error instances.

Standardizing human error investigations and initiatives.

Standardizing and improving guidance for human error CAPA investigations Prioritizing improvements to high risk human error processes.

Between 2020 and 2022, the program delivered a reduction in human error nonconformance rate (vs. 2018 2019).

Additionally, recalls due to human error have decreased by 87% since 2019 in our core diagnostics business.

As a key element of our business, Abbott proactively manages our supply chain to amplify our positive impact on the world.

To reduce shared sustainability impacts, we work to nurture a global supplier network that is strong, responsible, and resilient.

Diversified Synergies (DSL) leaders talk near their Detroit, Michigan, facility.

DSL is a custom engineering, co packing and co manufacturing solutions firm.

Abbott works with the company as part of its commitment to advance diverse supplier development.

Nurturing a responsible supply chain relies on a management approach that emphasizes sustainability and resilience.

We continue to evolve how we manage supplier relationships to minimize our shared sustainability impacts.

Our global supplier network enables us to deliver life changing products to millions of people around the world.

With a global footprint, we have an opportunity to leverage our supply chain for positive social and environmental change.

We maintain a multi layered governance structure that provides oversight of supply chain related activities, helping minimize risks and maximize opportunities to address shared impacts.

Our management approach places particular importance on supply chain sustainability and resilience.

Each Abbott business is responsible for its respective supply chain, with enterprise efforts coordinated through our Global Operations Council (GOC).

The GOC collaborates across the enterprise to set the framework for our supply chain, encompassing procurement, manufacturing, and logistics to improve supply chain adaptability, resilience, and flexibility.

Our supply chain and procurement strategy embeds sustainability considerations into supplier selection and management processes.

It is overseen by Global Procurement a group spanning geographies, organizations, and businesses.

Our strategy is designed to ensure the products we make and what others make for us are sourced and produced ethically while attempting to mitigate negative sustainability impacts.

For our work with suppliers to lower their environmental impacts, please see the Environment section.

Decisions made early in product development impact later stages.

To safeguard our ability to manufacture and supply products after launch, we’ve enhanced collaboration between our R D and Supply Chain teams to reduce dependence on individual suppliers or bespoke manufacturing processes.

In addition, we are updating design processes to place a greater focus on product and material life cycle management.

Through our Design for Supply initiative, we’re developing Design Principles, tools, and supplier engagement models that address our needs throughout the product development life cycle from design to scaled production.

This allows Abbott to be more resilient in dynamic market conditions.

We are committed to upholding the fundamental principles of environmental protection and human rights and labor to drive long term business success for Abbott and our suppliers, and to improve lives around the world.

Our Supplier Guidelines establish expectations for suppliers we work with, aligning with internationally recognized and industry accepted guidelines, such as the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible Supply Chain Management.

Management systems Human rights and labor Health and safety Ethics Environmental management and compliance Supply chain management.

Through the Guidelines, we detail our expectations that suppliers conduct business in compliance with relevant legal requirements and industry codes.

When asked, suppliers are expected to demonstrate compliance at the request and to the satisfaction of Abbott through our Supplier Responsibility program.

We expect suppliers to fully support the Guidelines, driving sustainability principles into their own supply chains, systems, and employee practices.

Our Tier 1 suppliers are expected to cascade the values represented in our Supplier Guidelines into their own supply chains and drive responsible sourcing practices to Abbott’s Tier 2 suppliers and beyond.

Procurement team identify environmentally preferable goods and services and request them from suppliers.

Global Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policy: Guides strategic stakeholder, supplier, and contractor engagement to help ensure compliance with EHS regulations and applicable Abbott standards.

Water Policy: Sets supplier requirements on transparency for water management practices.

Encourages suppliers to reduce emissions and improve energy efficiency.

Animal Welfare Policy: Guides work with animal related suppliers and contract laboratories, including expectations that animal use in any testing or process should occur only after alternatives have been fully explored and rejected.

Position Statement on Conflict Minerals: Details process for understanding conflict mineral sourcing and use, including identification of in scope products and suppliers, supplier engagement, and requirements to disclose the presence and source of conflict minerals in their supply chains.

Our Supplier Sustainability Risk Due Diligence Program enables global supply chain assessment and engagement on key sustainability topics.

Controls and Implementation To uphold the values represented in our Supplier Guidelines and other applicable policies, we have established controls and relevant training to support our due diligence activities.

Sustainability Contract Language We embed social responsibility clauses in applicable procurement contracts detailing our values and expectation that vendors comply with our Supplier Guidelines and remediate identified issues.

Supplier and Procurement Professional Training Our suppliers are expected to know, understand, and comply with Abbott’s values.

Abbott’s Procurement professionals are required to complete training on the Supplier Guidelines, our supply chain sustainability due diligence efforts, and initiatives to improve the sustainability of our supply chain.

Likewise, suppliers are responsible for training their employees to meet the expectations detailed in the Guidelines.

In 2022, we developed more comprehensive, computer based training to educate procurement professionals and improve awareness of these requirements.

Assessing and Monitoring Supplier Risks We maintain a supplier assessment process to minimize reputational and continuity risks and monitor compliance with our Supplier Guidelines.

Safeguarding Business Continuity Our Supply Chain Resilience program helps further safeguard our business and supply chain against unforeseen events developing people, processes, and tools for engaging suppliers on identified topics.

We have updated this program to help standardize how we monitor and measure events across the supply chain.

Nineteen risk metrics and 13 resilience indicators guide how we assess topics at different supply, product, or business points.

Choosing the Right Suppliers When selecting suppliers, we consider environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors alongside business capabilities and capacities, financial health, and alignment with Abbott’s vision.

Classification models assess risk and shared sustainability impacts of potential relationships.

Supplying materials, components, or services that influence the safety or performance of our products.

Our only approved source of materials, components, or services.

Suppliers are also evaluated on supply chain transparency and complexity, alignment with certification schemes, proximity to our customers, and their commitment to product security.

Our process to verify alignment with quality standards is detailed on page 67.

Warehouse operator Szymon Zgutka checks incoming ingredients at Abbott’s nutrition manufacturing facility in Cootehill, Ireland.

Product Traceability and Critical Materials Supply critical to Abbott is identified through our Supply Chain Resilience program via risk and resilience screening of suppliers and components that are traceable to Abbott’s finished product.

Abbott helps ensure product traceability by leveraging tracking technologies and enterprise resource planning solutions for select materials.

This way, we can help ensure compliance with regulatory, quality, and control requirements.

Engaging Suppliers in Sustainability Risk Assessment We engage with our suppliers of potentially high sustainability risk to explore compliance with our Supplier Guidelines.

Desktop assessments, conducted by a third party, are tailored to the nature of the supplier’s operations, location, and size.

Assessments cover the topics of labor and human rights, environment, and sustainable procurement.

On site audits are conducted by an external auditor using a Workplace Conditions Assessment or other globally recognized sustainability audit standards to assess social and labor conditions, and health and safety, environment, and business practices at the site.

Risk Based Monitoring and Evaluation We have global policies and procedures for evaluating suppliers for potential sustainability issues in their operations, including those related to human rights and labor, health and safety, environment, and management systems.

These policies guide Abbott’s supply chain sustainability due diligence activities, including, but not limited to, supplier selection and management, compliance to Abbott’s Supplier Guidelines, and participation in sustainability due diligence and remediation activities.

We take a risk based approach to supplier screening, assessment, and monitoring, considering supplier size, industry, sourcing location(s), ESG performance, and Abbott spend.

We maintain a supplier assessment process to minimize reputational and business continuity risks.

This is particularly relevant to critical suppliers, but we also assess noncritical suppliers flagged for potential sustainability risk.

Sustainability Risk Screening During 2022, we took several steps to enhance this process.

This included adopting additional third party supply chain sustainability risk mapping technology to assess and provide a more detailed understanding of our direct suppliers’ sustainability risks.

These tools assign sustainability risk intensity factors based on a supplier’s industry and region through referencing a variety of public and nonprofit sustainability, geopolitical, security, and infrastructure indices and sources.

We complete due diligence of select direct and indirect suppliers to address human rights and labor, environment, supply chain management, and other issues.

Prevention, Monitoring, and Mitigation Where issues are identified, suppliers are expected to submit corrective and preventive action (CAPA) plans within 30 60 days of receiving audit results.

Abbott’s supplier relationship manager and subject matter experts monitor CAPA implementation and determine if a reaudit or other action up to supplier disqualification is required.

In addition, we encourage suppliers and other third parties to use our Speak Up tool to report concerns (see page 85).

Where applicable, we maintain strategic category and or region specific supplier assessment and audit programs where sustainability risks have been identified (see page 72).

Insights collected support better supplier engagement and inform sustainability initiative development at the supplier, sourcing, and or business levels.

Depending on the supplier audit program, supplier industry, and assessment results, audit frequency can range from one to five years.

Improvements in our supplier sustainability assessment process helped drive progress toward our responsible supply chain goals.

It enabled us to focus additional resources on supplier assurance and strengthen internal and external collaboration with key stakeholders.

In 2022, Abbott completed inherent sustainability risk screening of strategic suppliers utilizing a third party supply chain sustainability risk screening technology to assign sustainability risk intensity factors based on a supplier’s industry and region.

Through this exercise we screened 88% of spend affiliated with raw materials, components, and services that are directly traceable to Abbott’s final finished products.

Results of this preliminary screening drive prioritization and supplier engagements in 2023.

Given the geographic extent, breadth, and complexity of our supply chain, risks may change over time.

In 2022, we continued partnering with suppliers from key sourcing categories, engaging over 3,900 suppliers on sustainability risks and opportunities and influencing over 49% of our supply chain spend.

These activities addressed 260 potential high sustainability risk suppliers through desktop assessments and 74 high sustainability risk suppliers through sustainability audits.

Through our 2022 audit programs, we engaged with seven suppliers to implement corrective actions to address employee health and safety, environment, and supply chain management issues.

Percentages reported based on suppliers to whom the issue is applicable.

We partner with strategic suppliers to address shared sustainability impacts, prioritizing responsible sourcing, supplier diversity, and continuity of supply.

Education and mentoring to improve sustainability awareness and management performance.

Connecting to explore business continuity solutions and opportunities to source, design, produce, and distribute products in ways that respect the environment, society, and human health.

Solutions to reduce shared sustainability impacts across Abbott and with our suppliers.

We connect with global sustainability leaders to drive continuous supply chain improvements through industry and membership organizations, such as the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI), the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC), Diverse Manufacturing Supply Chain Alliance (DMSCA), and many others.

Issue specific initiatives: Cover the whole supply chain and address targeted topics, such as supplier diversity and emissions, water, and inbound materials management.

Sourcing category , business , and region specific initiatives: Cover multiple risks and opportunities in high sustainability risk areas.

Details of our 2022 strategic initiative performance are available on pages 76 78.

Throughout 2022, we continued partnering with suppliers from key sourcing categories to address shared sustainability impacts.

Building a More Resilient Supply Chain Abbott operates against a changing geopolitical and environmental backdrop.

We continually monitor issues that could impact our operations and those of our suppliers, including political instability, acute and chronic weather events, labor shortages, and inadequate capacity investments.

To accelerate recovery following disruptions, we must have an in depth understanding of our extended supply network.

We have expanded mapping efforts to include sub tier supplier data covering who they are, what they supply, and where from bringing greater visibility to our supply chain.

Our businesses are moving diligently in developing multi year plans for mapping sub tier suppliers for most portfolio products.

Commitment to Diversity Supplier diversity is a vital component of our 2030 Sustainability Plan.

Our Supplier Diversity Program creates opportunities for diverse, historically underrepresented suppliers.

In 2022, we expanded the diverse classifications to include Disadvantaged Business Enterprises to better engage Small Disadvantaged Businesses who, through their work with Abbott, have grown out of the Small Business Administration’s (SBA) criteria of a Small Disadvantaged Business.

We also launched a certification campaign to validate the diversity status of critical minority , women , LGBTQ , veteran , and disability owned suppliers.

Through an ongoing Tier 2 program, we engaged with prime suppliers to increase spend with diverse subcontractors, thereby expanding Abbott’s impact.

Goals for diverse supplier spend are incorporated into all Abbott divisions and sourcing category performance within our procurement organization.

An economic impact analysis conducted in 2023 on 2022 data indicated that, through our efforts, we have supported over 7,500 jobs and generated over 4.5 billion in economic impact in the diverse communities where we operate.

We are committed to partnering with organizations globally to advance diverse supplier development.

For example, in the U.S., we have established an initiative with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to promote robust diverse healthcare supply chains.

In 2022, Abbott sponsored a minority owned business to attend the Advanced Management Education Program (AMEP) offered by the Kellogg Advanced Management Executive Program.

For full diverse spend classifications 2020 2022, please see Appendix section page 96.

Black EOE Journal Hispanic Network Magazine Professional Woman’s Magazine U.S. Veterans Magazine.

Supply Chain Water Risks By 2030, we aim to work with 50 key suppliers in high water stressed areas to reduce shared business continuity and water quality and quantity risks.

To be successful, we anticipate that these deep dive engagements will be long term, lasting from one to five years depending on initiative taken.

In 2021, we completed a supply chain assessment to identify and prioritize supplier engagements for the coming years.

This process identified 52 suppliers operating in water intensive or impactful industries, and that source to Abbott from water stressed locations in 2022.

Of the identified suppliers, 29 suppliers operating in water intense industries and sourcing to Abbott from water stressed areas were assessed to determine water management maturity and water risk engagement.

Building on this work, we piloted the first five supplier engagements to understand their water risk mitigation efforts and identify opportunities to collaborate and reduce our shared risks.

Agriculture and Deforestation Our Food and Safety Council (including representatives from Supply Chain, Regulatory, and R D) meets quarterly to address agriculture supply chain concerns.

This includes due diligence of our sourcing practices and those of our agricultural suppliers to better understand environmental, social, and deforestation risks, particularly for soy and palm derived products.30 In 2022, 0.3% of total spend was with these ingredients, and 0.1% was from deforestation affiliated regions.

Animal Welfare in Dairy We are committed to improving conditions for animals in our dairy supply chain by supporting the World Organisation for Animal Health’s Five Freedoms of Animal Welfare.

In 2022, 99% of the milk we procured (by spend) was certified to animal welfare standards.

Chemicals of Environmental Concern Across our businesses, Abbott works with strategic suppliers to manage risks from chemicals of concern.

For example, Abbott’s branded generic medicines business assesses suppliers in at risk regions31 that handle and or manufacture chemicals of environmental concern and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs).

This program evaluates applicable suppliers based on supply chain criticality and environmental, health, and safety risk.

Depending on the level of risk assigned, suppliers are evaluated via a questionnaire and or an on site visit.

On site audits32 may be triggered if a supplier is determined high risk from a questionnaire review, if it’s had a significant incident, received notice of violation or negative media reporting, or is identified by one of our internal stakeholders.

In 2022, 17 self assessments were completed by suppliers and 37 on site audits were completed by Abbott or third party subject matter experts.

Following on site assessment, suppliers are assigned a risk status and follow up actions are determined, including supplier CAPA execution, continuation of business activities, back up supplier identification, and or supplier disqualification.

Supply Chain Emissions Management20 Scope 3 emissions account for more than 90% of Abbott’s carbon footprint.

A cross functional team including corporate and divisional EHS, Procurement, and Supply Chain functions identifies our most carbon intensive suppliers and sourcing categories with the greatest emission reduction opportunities.

As part of our 2030 strategy, Abbott committed to engage our key carbon intensive suppliers to implement sustainable programs to reduce our Scope 3 emissions.

In 2022, the SBTi approved Abbott’s Scope 3 target, in which we commit that 82% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have SBTi approved targets by 2026.

As of 2022 year end, approximately 30% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution have SBTi approved science based targets, with about an additional 14% committing through the SBTi to adopt science based targets.

Renewable Energy Procurement We continue to explore renewable energy sourcing options, increasingly purchasing electricity from providers with above average renewable generation in their energy mix.

In 2022, we purchased 180 million kWh of low carbon and renewable energy, resulting in savings of about 76,500 metric tons of CO2e.

These savings were complemented by the 2.6 million kWh generated from solar installations at 10 of our sites.

Additionally, we have replaced about 34% of the U.K. fleet with electric vehicles, with a plan to transition the remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.

Transportation and Distribution We aim to balance emissions savings with the need for timely product delivery.

In 2022, Abbott moved freight 45 million miles across North America using multiple modes of transport.

This included over 200,000 miles and approximately 100 shipments through intermodal transport, and nearly 45 million miles and over 67,000 truckloads sent by road.

Packaging Our Sustainable Packaging Guiding Principles tailor how we design and develop innovative, sustainable solutions for our existing and new packaging.

Read more about our approach to balancing the need for product protection without negatively impacting the environment on page 62.

Waste Diversion With Inbound Material Suppliers Abbott’s EHS, Procurement, and Supply Chain teams are committed to working with key suppliers on waste diversion initiatives for both the waste we generate in our operations and the inbound materials that become waste.

Read more about our work with suppliers and waste programs on page 61.

Reuse and Responsible Waste Management We partner with key suppliers to reduce the environmental impacts of materials sent to Abbott that become waste in our operations and to responsibly dispose of waste, including diverting as much as possible from landfill and incineration without energy recovery.

Our technical standard for vendor evaluation and approval mandates ethical, responsible waste management approaches and aims to minimize associated risks.

For manufacturing sites producing over 1,200kg of hazardous waste annually, our Waste Vendor Assessment program requires waste vendor audits at least every five years.

We maintain an IT standard for evaluating and approving vendors for electronic disposition, ensuring responsible recycling and, where viable, resale of used IT assets.

In 2022, we continued our partnership with two primary IT asset disposition vendors to recycle 283 U.S. metric tons and resell an additional 71 U.S. metric tons of electronic equipment.

To help create the future of healthcare, we must continually build on the trust Abbott has earned over our 135 year history.

We aim to innovate accessible, affordable solutions that transform lives, and do so sustainably.

Robust governance helps ensure we have the leadership, policies, and structures in place to succeed.

A Compliance Director and Data Protection Officer based in S o Paulo, Brazil, Juliana Ruggiero helps Abbott colleagues anticipate and detect compliance risks to help ensure responsible decision making.

When identifying nominees to serve as members of the Board of Directors, the Nominations and Governance Committee seeks to balance the Board’s diversity of relevant experience, areas of expertise, ethnicity, gender, and geography.

Our 12 directors comprise a well balanced and highly qualified Board, with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences.

Expertise Aligned With Abbott’s Diversified Operating Model and Long Term Strategy: Healthcare and medical device industry Finance and accounting Risk management, including data protection and cybersecurity.

Global supply chain, operations, and infrastructure management Regulatory and compliance Consumer products Leadership expertise in multinational corporations, diverse business models, government, and the military.

Abbott is committed to strong governance that is aligned with stakeholder interests.

Abbott’s Board of Directors consists of our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Robert B. Ford, and 11 other independent directors including a Lead Independent Director.

Throughout the year, the Board and its committees review Abbott’s corporate governance structures, taking into account the results of the annual shareholders’ meeting and other shareholder feedback the results of annual Board, committee, and director assessments regulatory developments and evolving trends in the areas of corporate governance, compensation, and sustainability.

For more information about the Board and its committees, including details of Board members and committee functions, visit The Board of Directors and Its Committees section in our 2023 Proxy Statement.

The Board has risk oversight responsibility for Abbott, which it administers directly and with assistance from its committees.

Throughout the year, the Board and its committees engage with management to discuss a wide range of enterprise risks.

Our enterprise risk management (ERM) process evaluates likelihood, impact, and velocity of risks that potentially impact business performance.

At Abbott, we have four reportable business segments with 13 global businesses, each with unique markets, competitors, and risk.

In order to maintain the flexibility required to appropriately manage the unique risks within each business, risk management is a core job responsibility for our Executive Leadership, who identifies, owns, and manages the risks embedded within their respective businesses.

This drives a culture that aligns ownership with business strategy.

Our ERM Network team 16 functional experts led by Abbott’s Vice President, Internal Audit integrates ERM throughout Abbott by working with management to establish a risk management framework that identifies, assesses, and manages key risk exposures.

The ERM Network facilitates an annual risk survey that seeks feedback from our global leaders on enterprise risk exposure that exceeds existing mitigation plans.

The results of the survey are presented to the Audit Committee.

The top enterprise risks are prioritized and used to inform strategic action plans.

The Board exercises risk oversight by focusing on areas of high priority identified, including business strategy, human capital, cybersecurity and data protection, and Abbott’s sustainability, environmental, and social responsibility practices.

Our Office of Ethics and Compliance (OEC) has embedded risk assessment into Abbott’s global compliance program.

It oversees periodic compliance risk assessments and monitors the external risk environment.

Factors assessed by the OEC include evolving industry best practices, government guidance, and enforcement actions taken against other companies.

OEC risk assessments are completed at least annually for the countries in which we operate and for the business activities in which we engage.

These assessments include elements such as the affiliate business footprint, the external environment (including local regulations and enforcement as well as the Corruption Perception Index rating for the country), the controls associated with business activities, and prior internal monitoring, investigations, or audit findings.

The results of these assessments help inform OEC activities, including training, monitoring, and other actions.

We also maintain an Anti Corruption Compliance Enhancement (ACE) program that focuses on in person reviews of business activities in selected countries in order to identify potential opportunities for continuing enhancements to our program, and include corruption risks in enterprise wide risk assessments conducted by our corporate internal audit group.

We also analyze emerging situations that represent potential risks and opportunities for Abbott.

The cost of living for patients and consumers has been steadily rising, as has the potential for reduced access to healthcare.

We have to deliver innovative and reliable technologies to improve health outcomes, but we have to do so in a way that makes them accessible to the greatest possible number of the people who need them.

One way we are responding to this is by rapidly expanding the use of direct to consumer devices, so that healthcare can now be provided closer to home and is not bound to a physical healthcare institution.

We are harnessing the power of technology to digitize, decentralize, and democratize healthcare, which ultimately places more control of individual health into individuals’ hands.

In addition to improving access, our 2030 Sustainability Plan focuses on designing our technologies and products for broader access and affordability at every step from every phase of our R D process, to the materials we use, to manufacturing, to the ways we reach the people who need them.

In recent years, Abbott has embraced the latest digital and technology advancements, creating medical devices that are smaller, faster, more precise, and more connected.

We see a future where even more devices are connecting patients and their doctors beyond the four walls of the clinic, putting timely, accurate, and secure data in patients’ hands to help them better engage with their providers and manage their care.

And while our leadership in this area offers us many opportunities for growth, this trend also presents a challenge as we face competition from technology players who are currently making strides into the healthcare sector.

We view the proliferation of advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence, as an accelerator to our innovation and as an opportunity to develop products that meet the needs of more people in more places than ever.

In addition to bringing the power of connectivity to our wireless implants, wearable sensors, and diagnostic tests, we are also improving health outcomes through enhanced precision and efficiency.

For several years, we’ve been using artificial intelligence in predictive analytics and maintenance of our diagnostic instruments, and monitoring of our manufacturing equipment.

And our Ultreon software merges imaging technology with artificial intelligence to improve visualization of percutaneous coronary intervention procedures.

Advances in technology have also changed how we run our business.

We have operationalized automation to support several business functions, including in Talent, Quality, and Supply Chain management.

Acting ethically and with integrity is foundational to building trust in Abbott, our solutions, and the care we aim to deliver for people and the planet.

Abbott’s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) is the corporate officer responsible for leading our global ethics and compliance program and managing our Office of Ethics and Compliance (OEC).

The CECO provides regular briefings to our Chairman and CEO, executive leaders, the Board of Directors, and Public Policy Committee.

The CECO chairs Abbott’s Business Conduct Committee (BCC) a team of executive level leaders and Abbott’s Chairman and CEO.

The BCC meets regularly to discuss potential risk areas and mitigation measures, to review compliance program performance and metrics, including plans for improvements, and to evaluate legal and regulatory changes and best practices.

In addition, dedicated business and affiliate level committees monitor compliance, provide employee training and engagement, and meet to discuss emerging issues.

OEC staff members support each business and corporate function to help ensure appropriate ethics and compliance program implementation.

Outside the U.S., regional OEC teams oversee the compliance program for all countries in which Abbott conducts business, including implementation of regional or country specific compliance requirements where necessary.

Upholding the highest ethical standards is the responsibility of everyone at Abbott.

Offered in 93 countries and available in 32 languages, our online Legal and Ethical Resource Network (LERN) training educates employees on our Code of Business Conduct.

The LERN program also shares practical guidance on recognizing and responding to legal and ethical issues.

The LERN curriculum includes annual certifications on the code and conflicts of interest in addition to other training and education courses, with a key focus on interactions with healthcare professionals.

Employees are assigned LERN courses based on their role and responsibilities.33 Course topics include overviews of our Code of Business Conduct and Global Business Standards, fraud and anti corruption, marketing and promotion, data privacy and security, handling adverse events, and understanding trade sanctions among others.

The 2022 LERN curriculum included four new fully revised courses, incorporating interactive features, and knowledge checks interspersed through the content.

In 2022, over 99.7% of active employees completed the annually assigned Code of Business Conduct training course and certification.

Interacting With Healthcare Professionals We commit to interacting and communicating responsibly and in compliance with local regulations with healthcare professionals, patients, and consumers about our products and services.

Where required, we report payments and other transfers of value made to healthcare professionals to relevant organizations or oversight bodies.

Interactions are regularly monitored and audited, as determined on a risk basis.

Ethics and Compliance Week Each year, Abbott holds an Ethics and Compliance Week to drive employee awareness on anti bribery and anti corruption, as well as other business conduct related topics.

In 2022, over 63,000 employees across the company interacted with a Compliance Week kickoff email from our CECO highlighting our commitment to compliance.

In addition, over 51,000 employees were reached with compliance related messages from their divisional leaders.

Other interactive regional and local engagement activities, including training and knowledge checks, resulted in an estimated 17,000 engagements with employees.

Ethics and Compliance Week activities also included opportunities to nominate local ethics and compliance champions.

Ethics training is offered in 93 countries and in 32 languages.

Upholding ethical practices and ensuring we comply with relevant regulations is how Abbott demonstrates its commitment to responsible business practices.

Our global ethics and compliance program which is regularly reviewed by an external party reflects the fundamental elements of an effective corporate compliance program as detailed in the Office of Inspector General guidance and U.S. Federal Sentencing guidelines.

Compliance leadership, training, and communication are detailed on page 83.

Our risk assessment process is outlined on page 73.

Our Code of Business Conduct, available in 29 languages, is foundational to ethical conduct at Abbott.

Every employee is required to read and certify adherence to the code annually.

It and other policies are designed to align with laws, regulations, and industry guidelines issued by medical technology trade associations, including AdvaMed, APACMed, MedTech Europe, and Mecomed.

Our Code of Business Conduct contains a section dedicated to promoting and selling our products with honesty and integrity.

We expect product materials and communications will be balanced and truthful, consistent with the approved label in the countries we operate, and consistent with scientific evidence.

We require compliance with each country’s laws and regulations that govern how, where, and when we are permitted to promote medical devices, diagnostics, nutritional products, and medicines.

Our code also explains that we may not promote or pre sell a product that has not yet been approved or cleared by the relevant regulatory body, and any requested information beyond the scope of approved product labeling must be directed to the appropriate medical or scientific function for response.

These principles are also carried through to our Ethics and Compliance Global Policy on Business Standards, along with the expectation that all promotional materials are properly reviewed and approved in accordance with applicable laws and company standards.

To further support this compliance, we also maintain systems designed to ensure business wide alignment between our Global Infant Formula Marketing Policy and laws in our countries of operation.

In 2022, we completed a revision of our Ethics and Compliance Global Policy on Business Standards, which is applicable worldwide, to reflect regulatory and industry changes.

This updated policy will be rolled out in all countries in which we do business in phases throughout 2023.

Our code emphasizes employees’ responsibility for reporting noncompliance concerns, including those related to workplace discrimination or harassment we strive to ensure they feel safe doing so without fear of retaliation.

This applies to whistleblowing, or anyone reporting violations in good faith, with anti retaliation principles and language included in our Global Compliance Policy on Reporting Concerns, Global Compliance Standards, and human resources policies, including Employee Problem Solving, Workplace Harassment, and Violence in the Workplace.

Abbott encourages employees and others to report instances of retaliation.

We investigate reports, identify remedial actions as appropriate, and appropriately discipline employees as needed.

We have defined avenues and processes for asking questions and reporting suspected or actual violations of our code, policies, or procedures.

In addition to reporting to managers, the OEC, or Legal, this includes our Speak Up tool, through which employees and external parties, including suppliers, can confidentially and where permitted anonymously raise concerns of potential misconduct.

Speak Up can be accessed by telephone, email, or internet 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Our Employee Problem Solving policy supports information exchange and concern resolution.

It applies to all Abbott employees, except where local laws or collective bargaining agreements dictate otherwise.

Auditing and Monitoring Our Sales Marketing Compliance Audit function and OEC led monitoring process assess compliance with our Ethics and Compliance Global Policy on Business Standards and local procedures.

Compliance Audit has the primary function to plan, direct, and manage sales and marketing compliance audits of global operations such as select third parties supporting Abbott’s businesses, including those promoting our products to customers on our behalf.

Specifically, these compliance audits cover the following: U.S. Federal Health Care Programs (when applicable), Abbott’s policies, anti bribery and anti corruption laws, privacy laws, and local industry codes on ethical business practices.

The audit scope is designed to assess the effectiveness of the compliance program and includes transactional testing of compliance activities related to Abbott’s interactions with customers and the responsible promotion and marketing of our products.

Risk assessments are performed to determine the schedule and the scope of the audits.

Audit reports are distributed to local and corporate management and include detailed findings and remediation points, which are subsequently tracked for implementation to help ensure business leaders are held accountable for making necessary improvements to processes in a timely manner.

Yearly results are presented to both the Audit Committee and Public Policy Committee of the Board of Directors.

OEC personnel supporting each Abbott business unit and country perform an annual risk assessment to identify areas of potential compliance risk.

Based on assessment outcomes, they then establish monitoring plans for the year, which includes selecting a risk based sampling of interactions with healthcare providers (HCPs) (such as educational events, engagements with HCPs for services, and provision of sample or evaluation product) and reviewing supporting documentation to assess compliance with Abbott’s policies.

Live monitoring programs may also be utilized, allowing OEC personnel to directly observe HCP interactions.

Monitoring data is analyzed and trended over time to identify potential signals or patterns requiring further evaluation.

OEC identifies corrective and preventive actions designed to address the root causes of monitoring findings.

Issues detected through auditing and monitoring are analyzed, investigated if necessary, and reported to management.

Investigations The Ethics and Compliance Officer (or delegated vendor personnel) adds every potential code violation report including those related to discrimination and harassment to a database.

These reports are categorized by issue type and investigated by the appropriate function so OEC can determine if action is required.

Periodic audits of this process help ensure investigations are conducted as quickly and thoroughly as possible.

All reports of potential code violations including those related to discrimination and harassment by employees and third parties who perform certain services on our behalf are thoroughly investigated.

Any employee violating our Code of Business Conduct, policies, or procedures is subject to appropriate disciplinary action, which may include termination.

Employees refusing to cooperate in investigations or knowingly reporting false concerns, or ones intended to threaten, intimidate, or retaliate may also be subject to disciplinary action.

Disciplinary actions can range from coaching and retraining to verbal or written warnings, financial penalties, or termination.

Managers are made aware of disciplinary actions associated with investigations and may take this into account when conducting performance assessments.

In addition, Abbott’s recoupment policy allows the company to seek recoupment of incentive compensation, and or existing awards, or reduce future awards if it determines that a senior executive engaged in significant misconduct or failed in a supervisory capacity.

We regularly report on investigations to our Board of Directors and senior management and communicate results to the appropriate OEC staff and business leaders.

Terrorism Money laundering Anti competitive behavior.

All third parties (for example, distributors, dealers, wholesalers, resellers, and marketing partners promoting and selling Abbott products) with whom Abbott works are expected to hold themselves to the same ethical and legal compliance standards as Abbott does we detail our expectations in Third Party Guidelines, available online in 18 languages.

In addition, our Third Party Compliance Process is designed to address corruption and bribery risks arising from third parties interacting with government officials or healthcare providers on our behalf outside the U.S. Our process requires Abbott businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside the U.S. to complete diligence before engaging third parties, including screening suppliers, identifying high risk partners, and monitoring and mitigating potential risks.

Corruption Fraud Organized crime Regulatory breaches Human rights and labor abuses Social accountability Arms trafficking and war crimes Violations of government imposed sanctions.

We also provide third parties with training on these Third Party Guidelines and on anti corruption issues, using OEC training materials designed to guide country specific training, particularly with suppliers that promote products to HCPs on our behalf.

An e learning platform provides and tracks online training for third parties undergoing due diligence.

In October 2022, we launched a multilingual training video that must be viewed by third parties before they can successfully complete Abbott’s due diligence screening process.

The curriculum has been completed by all third parties that have undertaken the screening process since launch.

A Third Party Compliance Process addresses corruption and bribery risks arising from interactions with government officials or HCPs on our behalf outside the U.S.

It requires Abbott businesses, subsidiaries, and affiliates outside the U.S. to complete due diligence before engaging third parties, including screening suppliers, identifying high risk partners, and monitoring and mitigating potential risks.

Where risks are identified, appropriate remedial action is taken, including additional contract terms, auditing, monitoring, training, or disqualification rejection.

We routinely update the Third Party Compliance Process to continually protect against bribery and corruption risks.

We interact with thousands of people around the globe every day.

Safeguarding our business against activities that could be viewed as corruption or bribery are fundamental to our development of protocols and policies that are designed to evolve and continuously improve.

As a publicly traded company, we are subject to external auditing of our books and records, with results periodically reported to the Board’s Audit Committee.

We commit to aligning with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K.

Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti corruption and anti bribery laws.

To protect our reputation and right to operate, we must ensure we never provide or accept anything of value to gain an improper advantage or inappropriately influence the use of our products.

Our Global Anti Corruption Policy, available in 29 languages, prohibits bribery and corruption in any form.

Employees complete annual training on this and other related policies and procedures.

We commit to complying with competition laws34 wherever we operate.

These laws apply to several business areas, including competitor relationships, prices and terms of sale, and marketing and trade practices.

Employees are encouraged to contact our Legal team or OEC for guidance regarding competitor interactions and to report inappropriate conversations.

Reports can also be made through our Ethics and Compliance helpline.

Raising Employee Awareness On International Anti Corruption Day, our Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) sent a company wide email available in 22 languages to raise awareness of and highlight Abbott’s commitment to combat and prevent bribery and corruption.

The communication included links to important compliance resources such as our Global Anti Corruption Policy, LERN training system, Abbott’s Third Party Due Diligence process, and our Speak Up portal to raise concerns.

Risk assessments: Identify potential risk areas and mitigation measures designed to prevent improper behavior.

Policies, procedures, and training: Guidelines, training and education to raise awareness of anti bribery and anti corruption.

Speak Up reporting platform: For employees and external parties to raise potential misconduct concerns.

Investigations: For all reports of potential violations, together with appropriate remediation or disciplinary actions when needed.

OEC approval: Approval by OEC may be required for activities or interactions that may potentially present bribery or corruption risk, such as the lawful distribution of brand reminders or items of medical utility such as textbooks or anatomical models intended for the use in HCPs’ treatment of patients.

Independent Internal Audit team: Reports to the Audit Committee and verifies policy and procedure compliance.

Ensuring the authenticity of Abbott products is key to maintaining strong relationships.

We want to assure people that they’ll receive the level of quality they have come to expect from authentic Abbott products.

Efforts to mitigate counterfeiting and illegal diversion risks are overseen by our Global Security, Legal, Trademark, Regulatory, Public Affairs, and Business Unit teams.

In 2022, using advanced analytics, our Global Security team identified and removed over 500,000 illicit listings35 of Abbott products being sold online, helping ensure the safety of the products our customers are purchasing online.

Business Unit and Business Support teams develop product identification playbooks (including authorized packaging, manufacturing locations, and typical shipping routes) to align with external efforts to increase fraudulent product identification as part of our preparedness and resilience efforts.

Employee education on trade secret protection and risk reduction strategies.

A comprehensive security vulnerability and mitigation program to proactively identify gaps and implement as needed.

Abbott business and industry specific security risk mitigation and compliance programs.

We are committed to eliminating criminal activities from our supply chain, including drug trafficking, terrorism, human trafficking, forced child labor, cyber threats, and illegal contraband.

We comply with all international customs laws, carefully selecting partners to prevent unethical practices and security threats.

Our efforts exceed U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) enhanced Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (CTPAT) Minimum Security Criteria.

We partner with CBP and an external vendor on a surveillance system that mitigates theft, counterfeiting, and illegal diversion risks.

Additionally, we remain a Tier 3 CTPAT partner, enabling product movements in and out of the U.S. with expedited processing and fewer customs exams.

In multiple countries outside of the U.S., Abbott has achieved recognition as Authorized Economic Operators (AEO) by complying with World Customs Organization (WCO) supply chain security standards.

Abbott collaborates with our network of transportation carriers and logistics providers such as the Transported Asset Protection Association (TAPA) to meet industry security standards.

These partnerships help ensure our products are delivered to our customers safely.

Covert market surveys Removing counterfeit products and sites Halting unauthorized product sales Providing contract security language and enforcing policies with authorized resellers.

Identifying and removing illicit actors via paid searches.

Reporting fake social media accounts Eliminating illegitimate and cybersquatted sites Training of customs and other enforcement officials to recognize and interdict counterfeit and illegally diverted Abbott products.

Public policy can positively impact societal health.

Abbott engages in ongoing dialogue with policymakers, trade associations, and thought leaders to encourage policies that support access to our innovations.

To help ensure our policy engagement complies with our own standards as well as relevant laws, we practice ethical behavior and transparency in activities as guided by our Code of Business Conduct.

All public policy activities comply with applicable laws and regulations and adhere to Abbott policies.

Our activities aim to shape policies that impact our company and benefit people who need our products.

Abbott, relevant Abbott employees, and external lobbyists and firms register as lobbyists and file lobbying and contribution disclosures as required by applicable law.

The Board of Directors’ Public Policy Committee oversees our Government Affairs function and any public policy issues that could impact our business, performance, or public image.

This includes reviewing political participation, such as advocacy priorities, political contributions, lobbying activities, and trade association memberships.

In 2022, Abbott reported approximately 4.2 million in U.S. federal lobbying.

Additionally, Abbott has ranked in the first tier on the CPA Zicklin Index for our election related spending transparency and accountability.

Read more on the Corporate Political Participation page of our website.

We are a member of various U.S. trade organizations such as AdvaMed, Business Roundtable, Consumer Brands Association, Medical Device Manufacturers Association, and other tax exempt organizations, National Association of Manufacturers, and U.S. Chamber of Commerce that engage in lobbying and other political activity to champion our needs, the needs of our industries, and of the needs of people who rely on Abbott solutions.

Our participation in these trade associations, and other tax exempt organizations, is assessed annually by the Government Affairs function.

The Abbott Employee Political Action Committee (AEPAC) contributes to U.S. federal state and local candidates and political organizations.

We support those that we believe understand how government actions impact medical access, and those that will promote continued medical progress.

All U.S. political activities are approved by Abbott’s Government Affairs function, covering advocacy at federal, state, and local levels, and managing relationships with trade associations and similar groups.

Our State Government Affairs function provides further oversight of state level advocacy, while the U.S. Congress and federal government fall under our Federal Government Affairs office.

Total federal lobbying expenditures Name of the specific legislation or subject that was the topic of communication Any Abbott individuals who lobbied on our behalf.

Which legislative body or executive branch was contacted.

Total number of lives improved was adjusted for indirect overlap between businesses using a binomial probability model, and only adjusted for direct overlap within a business where data is currently available to support the adjustment.

Common rounding convention utilized, see appendix for detailed data.

Notifications will only be received when alarms are turned on and the sensor is within 33 feet unobstructed of the reading device.

You must enable the appropriate settings on your smartphone to receive alarms and alerts see the FreeStyle Libre 3 User Manual for more information.

Based on a comparison of list prices of the FreeStyle Libre 3 system versus previous generations of FreeStyle Libre personal CGM systems.

HBCUs are accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology.

This figure includes employee donations and Abbott Fund donation matches.

It also reflects payroll deduction pledges that are deducted during the 2023 calendar year and may be subject to change based on individual employee decisions.

The Lancet HIV 2018 5:e277 90 April 24, 2018. https: www.thelancet.com journals lanhiv article PIIS2352 3018(18)30044 4 fulltext.

Tonen Wolyec, S. Field evaluation of capillary blood and oral fluid HIV self tests in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Pant Pai, N. Head to head comparison of accuracy of a rapid point of care HIV test with oral versus whole blood specimens: a systematic review and meta analysis.

Relative accuracy of serum, whole blood, and oral fluid HIV tests among Seattle men who have sex with men.

This product has not been FDA cleared or approved, but has been authorized for emergency use by FDA under an EUA for use by the authorized laboratories.

This product has been authorized only for the detection of nucleic acid from the mpox virus, not for any other viruses or pathogens.

The emergency use of this product is only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of in vitro diagnostics for detection and or diagnosis of infection with the mpox virus, including in vitro diagnostics that detect and or diagnose infection with non variola Orthopoxvirus, under Section 564(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C.

Eligibility for non salary benefits follows local regulations and practices.

In most countries, this means we offer benefits to full time employees and part time employees working more than a certain number of hours.

We typically provide benefit programs above and beyond government requirements.

Annual incident rates are calculated per 100 employees, assuming the average employee works 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year.

Scope 1 emissions result from owned and controlled sources.

Scope 2 emissions are produced during generation of purchased electricity and energy.

Transportation and Distribution includes Upstream and Downstream.

Scope 3 estimations may be adjusted annually to account for data availability and methodology enhancements.

Sourcing category spend allocations are subject to change year over year in alignment with business strategy.

Abbott’s estimated Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources in Downstream Transportation, Processing of Sold Products, Use of Sold Products, and Investment categories.

Collectively, these omissions are estimated to represent less than 4% of our total Scope 3 footprint.

The target boundary includes land related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.

Beneficial use material is used as is or in substantially the same form as it was generated.

Beneficial Use Landfilled and Incineration without Energy Recovery) Total Waste Beneficial Use.

Waste with an Other, Diverted fate is diverted from landfill and incineration without energy recovery.

Texas Lake County, Illinois Longford, Ireland Sligo, Ireland and Wiesbaden, Germany.

Spend data is for U.S. and Puerto Rico for 2022 reporting.

However, we use sustainably sourced soy and palm derived ingredients (such as palm nuts and medium chain triglycerides (MCT) oil), which can be affiliated with deforestation.

Abbott trademarks and products in licensed by Abbott are shown in italics in the text of this report.

Sustainability reporting is deeply engrained at Abbott stretching all the way back to our first reports in the early 1970s.

Since then, we have continued to evolve our disclosure practices to share more, and increasingly transparent, progress information.

We align our reporting with various environmental, social, and governance (ESG) ratings and sustainability indices, including the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and the World Resources Institute World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP).

Additional sustainability reports and performance updates, including country reports for key markets, can be found on the Sustainability Reporting page of our website.

Our policies help Abbott meet standards in countries where we operate, with many publicly available on the Policies page of our website.

All financial information is stated in U.S. dollars.

All data reflect Abbott’s activities, with a focus on 2022 results.

The boundary of our reporting, unless otherwise noted, is all activities under Abbott’s global, operational control, as consolidated in our financial reporting.

All Abbott trademarks appear in italics throughout this report.

Development of our sustainability strategy was informed by the expertise of several external sources.

These experts also guide stakeholder engagements, the development of our Responsibility webpages, and the production of this report.

We gratefully acknowledge the counsel we receive from Corporate Citizenship, Flag, and WBCSD, among others.

Working with these groups better informs our reporting approach, keeps us abreast of external expectations, and helps us identify areas for strengthening stakeholder engagement.

Please send us an email at responsibility abbott.com to share yours.

We engaged Apex Companies, an independent assurance provider, to conduct limited assurance of selected 2022 environmental and safety data.

Our website includes a PDF of the Apex Assurance Statement.

To build our 2030 Sustainability Plan, an in depth, two year planning process began with a detailed analysis of over 200 topics that were relevant to internal and external stakeholders, which we prioritized by impact to our long term business strategy, enterprise risk management (ERM) process, and most important ESG topics.

Supported by external consultants Corporate Citizenship, we took a robust approach to identifying and ranking Abbott’s ESG priority issues.

Conduct extensive research on potential issues: Included peer and competitor benchmarking, emerging issue tracking, customer and ratings and rankings organization engagement, best practices identification, and detailed analysis of over 200 sustainability topics.

Stakeholder interviews: Conducted interviews with over 100 internal and external stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, investors, healthcare providers, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), sustainability experts, and employees.

Issue ranking: Using feedback from the interview process, our Executive Leadership team prioritized topics according to importance to stakeholders and importance to the future success of our business.

Considerations included the relationship of each issue to our enterprise risk management (ERM) process.

The information supported development of our ESG priorities matrix and ESG topics that will drive our strategy over the next 5 10 years.

Working groups: Created working groups to address each priority issue.

Our Finance and Corporate Audit teams were engaged to help ensure Abbott’s targets are integrated into our business strategy and financial plan.

Sustainability Plan summit: To define our 2030 Sustainability Plan goals, targets, and key performance indicators (KPIs), we held a day long summit with more than 100 cross company leaders.

Leaders offered cross business and cross function representation to help ensure alignment across the global business.

Outcomes of the summit have guided our progress, drive improvement, and help ensure Abbott’s future competitiveness.

Listening to stakeholders is vital to our success.

That’s why we maintain open channels of communication with various groups to understand pressing issues, evolving health challenges and needs, and the role Abbott can play as a global healthcare leader.

We engage stakeholders formally through the various associations and partnerships we hold memberships with.

We also informally connect with stakeholders through various networks and organizations.

Across our key geographies, local teams regularly review stakeholder engagement strategies, ensuring alignment with Abbott’s wider methodology.

Local engagement outcomes are reported in country level citizenship reports or at local forums.

Customer Satisfaction Our Net Promoter Score (NPS) is an externally recognized metric for customer satisfaction.

Internally, it is a key indicator of our ability to continuously meet customers’ needs.

As an example of our performance, the NPS for our diagnostics business increased from 32.2 in 2010 to 55.1 in 2022.

Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, quarterly earnings calls, and conferences (investor calendar).

Sales ambassadors and customer relationship managers.

Consumer and Healthcare Professionals sections of Abbott.com.

Suppliers Supplier Guidelines and other strategic policies Supplier Sustainability Risk and Opportunity.

One on one supplier engagements on reducing shared impacts.

For more details, see the Supply Chain section (page 69).

Employees Annual all employee survey and other ad hoc surveys.

For more details, see the Workforce section (page 38).

For more details, see the Governance section (page 79).

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Energy consumed in buildings and vehicles that are leased to Abbott are included in Scope 1 and 2.

Abbott pays for the majority of transportation of products to retailers and customers in efforts to control costs and are therefore considered upstream transportation and distribution.

It is assumed that downstream transportation and distribution emissions are affiliated with retail space to store and sell products, which is marginal in the transportation and distribution category.

Abbott’s estimated Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources in Downstream Transportation, Processing of Sold Products, Use of Sold Products, and Investment categories.

Collectively, these omissions are estimated to represent less than 4% of our total Scope 3 footprint.

Abbott assumes that the majority of its products are not further processed after they leave Abbott’s manufacturing facilities.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

Totals and percentage changes may differ from listed metrics due to rounding.

To ensure data accuracy, the most accurate number has been used.

All environmental data has been adjusted to account for acquisitions and divestitures, in accordance with the methodology prescribed in the World Resources Institute World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP).

We report data from acquisitions as soon as is practical.

Abbott Fund, Citizenship, business contributions and product donations.

Percentages represent a count of U.S. employees, excluding the Rapid Diagnostics business.

Annual incident rates are calculated per 100 employees, assuming the average employee works 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year.

Progress toward 2030 carbon goal is reported using the GHGP Scope 2 market based methodology.

Per the GHGP, where market based information is not available, location based results have been used as proxy.

Unless specified otherwise, emissions are calculated according to the GHGP Scope 2 market based method.

The total CO2 equivalents from non energy sources are noted in the Total Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) table.

Transportation and Distribution includes Upstream and Downstream.

Scope 3 estimations may be adjusted annually to account for data availability and methodology enhancements.

Sourcing category spend allocations are subject to change year over year in alignment with business strategy.

Abbott’s estimated Scope 3 footprint excludes known sources in Downstream Transportation, Processing of Sold Products, Use of Sold Products, and Investment categories.

Collectively, these omissions are estimated to represent less than 4% of our total Scope 3 footprint.

Sites rated as having high or extremely high baseline water stress in the tool are classified as being water stressed.

Abbott’s diversion rate is calculated as follows: (Total Waste Beneficial Use Landfilled and Incineration without Energy Recovery) Total Waste Beneficial Use.

Commercial and other building activities, specific to beneficial use, are included in this rate starting in 2019.

Waste with an unknown disposal fate is included with landfill fate.

Waste with an Other, Diverted fate is diverted from landfill and incineration without energy recovery.

Commercial and other building beneficial use and waste fate data in alignment with current fates were not collected prior to 2019.

Beneficial use material is used as is or in substantially the same form as it was generated.

We report data from acquisitions as soon as is practical.

Additionally, in 2022, we aligned key environmental metrics data presented in the Appendix with GRI specified units, where possible.

We sought to prepare this report in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2021 Standards.

All references are to pages within this Global Sustainability Report 2022 unless stated otherwise.

We verify our EHS performance data using an independent assurance provider: Apex Companies (formerly Bureau Veritas North America).

Due to confidentiality constraints, Abbott does not report the total number and nature of critical concerns.

For more information on how we handle critical concerns as a company, please visit our Proxy Statement or the Governance section of our Global Sustainability Report, page 85.

When public disclosure criteria are met, the total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings is included in our 2022 Annual Report.

Abbott does not currently track annual spend on local suppliers.

Employees are assigned Legal and Ethical Resource Network (LERN) courses based on their role and responsibilities.

The LERN curriculum includes annual certifications on the Code of Business Conduct and conflicts of interest in addition to other training and education courses, with a key focus on interactions with healthcare professionals.

In 2022, over 99.7% of active employees completed the annually assigned Code of Business Conduct training course and certification.

When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings are included in our 2022 Annual Report.

Each Abbott business sets annual environmental targets with our Executive Leadership, which we track as part of Abbott’s quarterly EHS scorecard.

This helps us maintain progress toward our 2030 targets and identify areas for improvement on a continuous basis.

In 2022, it is estimated that Abbott Nutrition utilized about 123,000 metric tons of material to place approximately 3.4 billion packages on market.

About 12% (about 15,000 metric tons) is from renewable materials and about 108,000 metric tons is from nonrenewable materials.

In our Nutrition business unit, about 9% of packaging is made from recycled input materials.

In our Nutrition business unit, about 80% of packaging is designed for recyclability.

Reporting data is calculated using projected annual volumes from internal planning sources and consulting various external industry references to categorize packaging as recyclable, renewable and or using recycled content.

Abbott estimates emissions associated with upstream and downstream energy consumption in Scope 3.

Abbott’s medicines business acts to reduce antimicrobial discharge to the environment, both from our own sites and those of our suppliers, and minimize the spread of antimicrobial resistance (AMR).

See page 75 for more information on how we work with our suppliers.

We regularly assess discharge levels at each of Abbott’s antibiotic and antifungal manufacturing sites.

We quantify antimicrobial discharge levels in the wastewater by conducting a high level theoretical assessment of the potential discharge risk (called mass balance ), and whenever we see that results could be out of compliance, we follow up with chemical analysis of water samples for a more precise assessment.

For sites where multiple active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) are produced, we consider the lowest antimicrobial discharge limits available among all publicly available databases, including those set by the AMR Industry Alliance.

If limits are not publicly available, our preclinical safety laboratory calculates them based on European Medicines Agency (EMA) guidelines.

When setting antimicrobial discharge limits, we consider the lowest predicted no effect concentrations (PNECs) and those with the biggest batch size.

For antimicrobials, Abbott has a default PNEC system based on an internal standard.

In parallel, our preclinical safety laboratory evaluates PNECs availability on publicly available databases, including PNECs established by the AMR Industry Alliance.

If multiple values are available, the most stringent value is selected.

If PNECs do not exist but ecotoxicological information is available publicly, our preclinical safety laboratory calculates PNECs based on the European Medical Agency (EMA) guideline on the environmental risk assessment of medicinal products for human use.

In the 2021 Access to Medicines Foundation’s AMR Benchmark report, Abbott received the second highest score of all generic medicines manufacturers assessed and received the highest score in the manufacturing section.

Any Abbott facilities using substances containing ozone depleting or hazardous toxic air pollutants, as classified by local environmental protection agencies, adhere to applicable regulations.

They also abide by Abbott’s technical standards to help ensure protection of human and environmental health.

Our Supplier Guidelines establish that the same standards are expected of Abbott suppliers.

For U.S. employees, in early 2021, we launched a comprehensive childcare program and parenting benefits site, which offer direct access to Abbott’s many benefits for parents and parents to be, such as tutoring and childcare services.

Parental leave is available to eligible birth and adoptive mothers and fathers providing up to eight workweeks (i.e., up to 320 work hours or an equivalent part time workweek) paid time off following the birth or legal adoption of a child.

Parental leave may be used in one week increments, up to one year from the date of birth or adoption of a new child.

We comply with all laws regarding parental leave, which may require more expansive benefits.

Abbott does not track return and retention rates by leave usage.

We treat all individuals with respect and communicate openly and with as much notice as practical given varying circumstances.

Our data has been audited internally by the Governance group and verified by an external auditor.

Our 2022 lost time case rate target was 0.12 per 100 workers, which includes employees and contract workers.

Abbott reports case rates per 100 workers, equivalent to 200,000 hours worked.

Abbott does not track data according to GRI’s definition of high consequence injuries.

Our recordable case rate incidents include any work related injuries resulting in death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, loss of consciousness, and significant illness or injury diagnosed by a licensed healthcare professional.

At this time, we are unable to disclose data around high risk operations or suppliers.

Our employees receive annual performance reviews and throughout the year have access to a development planning platform.

Managers and employees are encouraged to have regular conversations about performance and development.

Abbott does not currently report data on the operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced labor.

Abbott’s Quality Management System (QMS) is implemented at a global level and incorporated into each division and site.

Risk management is an element of the QMS and implemented across the life cycle of Abbott products.

Abbott’s QMS is implemented at a global level and incorporated into each division and site.

Risk management is an element of the QMS and implemented across the life cycle of Abbott products.

We have not made direct independent expenditures on behalf of candidates running for public office and do not have plans to make independent expenditures.

If such expenditures are made, they will be included in our semi annual report.

Candidate policy positions that reflect Abbott’s interests Representation of geographic areas where Abbott employees and facilities are located.

Relevant legislative committee assignments of office holders A candidate’s ability to be elected The need for financial assistance.

Abbott’s latest federal lobbying disclosure filings can be found on our website (Corporate Political Participation).

The Public Policy Committee of the Abbott Board of Directors reviews an annual report of our advocacy priorities.

For SDS for our formulation products, including ADD assays, see section 13 of our Safety Data Sheets.

We also provide dismantling instructions for ADD, as well as waste handling and disposal instructions, in our OUS Technical Library, which is available to our customers.

When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims are included in our 2022 Annual Report.

Abbott is reporting under the SASB, and in doing so, we strive to provide material environmental, social, and governance (ESG) information to our investors and stakeholders.

The following index provides content aligning with disclosures related to the Medical Equipment Supplies Standard Biotechnology Pharmaceuticals Standard and Processed Foods Standard.

Unless otherwise noted, all data disclosed is as of December 31, 2022.

HC MS 240a.1: Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. Consumer Price Index.

Affordability and access are priorities for Abbott as we strive to help people live fully through our life changing products and technologies.

We aim to reach as many people as possible who need these healthcare solutions.

As part of our 2030 Sustainability Plan, we have an intentional focus on designing sustainable access and affordability into our new life changing technologies so that we can make them widely available at affordable prices to people who need them.

Pricing, however, is only one of the factors that determine affordability.

Abbott also is advocating for systems and approaches that broaden access while minimizing additional costs for consumers and payers.

In 2022, Abbott’s product pricing reflected the company’s approach, with an annual global net sales price change of 0.3%, which compares to a Global Consumer Price Index (CPI) of 7.9% for 2022.

This metric is modified from the metric provided by SASB by substituting a global CPI for the U.S. CPI.

Sales outside of the U.S. in 2022 comprised approximately 58% of Abbott’s revenue.

Abbott believes that disclosing product pricing relative to the Global CPI is an appropriate way for investors and other stakeholders to best understand pricing for products across our diversified, global businesses.

The global CPI is the total headline CPI for each country weighted by Abbott’s geographic revenue exposure.

For more on Abbott pricing, see Abbott’s 10 K filing for 2022.

HC MS 240a.2: Description of how price information for each product is disclosed to customers or to their agents.

HC MS 250a.1: Number of recalls issued, total units recalled.

HC MS 250a.2: List of products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database.

Abbott Laboratories sells diagnostics, medical devices, nutritional products, and established pharmaceuticals (for more details, see page 26 in our Innovate for Access and Affordability section in this report).

Given the breadth of our product offerings, each Abbott division sells products using a variety of contracting methodologies.

Divisions use a variety of price concessions in their sales contracting, including point of sale discounts, rebates, and wholesaler chargebacks.

These price concessions can be for single or multi product sales and may include products from multiple business units or divisions (such as all medical device business units or rapid and molecular diagnostics).

Price concessions may be based upon factors such as volume, market share, and purchase commitments, or result from competitive bidding processes, and are generally documented in executed contracts, purchase orders, and term sheets.

Point of sale discounts are reflected in invoices that show the discounted prices, and rebates are documented in written agreements, with rebate calculations provided at the time rebate payments are made.

Our customers span the globe and include federal, state, and local governments, hospitals, group purchasing organizations, wholesalers, individual healthcare providers, and consumers.

We maintain pricing flexibility to meet the needs of our diverse customers, large and small, and to help ensure that our essential healthcare products are available and affordable across the globe.

See the FDA’s MedWatch safety alerts for human medical products database.

Abbott Recalls the Readers used with the FreeStyle Libre, FreeStyle Libre 14 day, and FreeStyle.

Abbott Issues Safety Notification for FreeStyle Libre Family of Readers in the U.S.

Abbott Trifecta Valves: Potential Risk of Early Structural Valve Deterioration.

Abbott MitraClip Device: Potential for Clip Lock Malfunctions Letter to Health.

Abbott Medical Recalls Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter for Potential Loose Catheter.

Recalls Alinity m SARS CoV 2 AMP Kit and Alinity m Resp 4 Plex.

Potential for False Positive Results with Abbott Molecular Inc. Alinity m SARS CoV 2 AMP and Alinity m Resp 4 Plex AMP Kits Letter to Clinical Laboratory Staff and Health Care Providers.

Abbott (formally known as St. Jude Medical ) Recalls Assurity and Endurity Pacemakers for Potential Moisture Ingress Causing Electrical Short and Reduced Battery Life.

FDA Investigating Increased Rate of Major Adverse Cardiac Events Observed in Patients.

See the FDA’s MedWatch safety alerts for human medical products database.

HC MS 250a.3: Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience database.

HC MS 250a.4: Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), by type.

HC MS 270a.1: Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims.

HC MS 270a.2: Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off label use of products.

When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims are included in our 2022 Annual Report.

One of the key universal principles related to product promotion is that we may not promote or pre sell a product that has not yet been approved or cleared by the relevant regulatory body for the location or usage in question.

If a healthcare professional asks about uses for Abbott products that are beyond the scope of approved labeling (sometimes referred to as off label uses), the inquiry should be directed to the designated function for such inquiries in each Abbott division, which normally resides in Medical Affairs.

HC MS 410a.1: Discussion of process to assess and manage environmental and human health considerations associated with chemicals in products and meet demand for sustainable products.

HC MS 410a.2: Total amount of products accepted for takeback and reused, recycled or donated, broken down by (1) devices and equipment and (2) supplies.

HC MS 430a.1: Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier 1 suppliers participating in third party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality.

To identify and mitigate the environmental impacts of our packaging and products throughout their life cycles, our relevant teams must work together.

Our Product Stewardship, Supply Chain, R D, Engineering, and EHS groups partner closely to analyze how and what we source.

We continuously monitor the regulatory landscape and any change to hazardous chemical requirements.

Our Corporate Product Stewardship organization holds regular forums for informing all areas of our company about the potential business impacts these changes could have.

Our enhanced regulatory intelligence process helps ensure potential impacts are identified in a timely manner.

It also follows actions taken at the business level to confirm we remain compliant.

Our product stewardship program tracks and addresses hazardous chemical legislation and supports the implementation of conflict mineral due diligence.

We offer product stewardship training to all relevant teams, including R D, Supply Chain, Procurement, and EHS.

We look for opportunities to reduce waste going to landfills by collecting our diagnostic products for recycling, refurbishing, and energy recovery.

In one of our various takeback programs, we collected and refurbished about 300 instruments and diverted about 240,000 pounds of product waste from landfill in 2022.

Some of Abbott’s takeback programs are driven by government regulations however, others are proactive initiatives.

Approximately 78% of applicable Tier 1 suppliers participate in third party auditing programs.

Suppliers are classified according to risk level of potential impacts evaluation frequency is determined based on this, ranging between every two (high risk) and four (low risk) years.

HC MS 430a.2: Description of efforts to maintain traceability within the distribution chain.

Abbott helps ensure product traceability by leveraging tracking technologies and enterprise resource planning solutions for select materials.

Through these systems, we help ensure compliance with regulatory, quality, and control requirements.

HC MS 430a.3: Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials.

HC MS 510a.1: Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption.

HC MS 510a.2: Description of code of ethics governing interactions with healthcare professionals.

Abbott operates against a changing geopolitical and environmental backdrop.

We continually monitor issues that could impact our operations and those of our suppliers, including political instability, acute and chronic weather events, labor shortages, and inadequate capacity investments.

Our Supply Chain Resilience program helps further safeguard our business and supply chain against unforeseen events developing people, processes, and tools for engaging suppliers on identified topics.

Supply critical to Abbott is identified through our Supply Chain Resilience program via risk and resilience assessments of suppliers and components that are traceable to Abbott’s finished product.

To accelerate recovery following disruptions, we must have an in depth understanding of our extended supply network.

We have expanded mapping efforts to include sub tier supplier data covering who they are, what they supply, and where from bringing greater visibility to our supply chain.

Further, decisions made early in product development impact later stages.

To safeguard our ability to manufacture and supply products after launch, we’ve enhanced collaboration between our R D and Supply Chain teams to reduce dependence on individual suppliers or bespoke manufacturing processes.

In addition, we are updating design processes to place a greater focus on product and material life cycle management.

When public disclosure criteria are met, the total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption is included in our 2022 Annual Report.

We respect the expertise of healthcare professionals, who provide guidance about healthcare treatment options and healthy living.

Healthcare professionals, such as physicians, pharmacists, nurses, researchers, or laboratory staff, must use their independent judgment to decide the best course of care for their patients based on their training and expertise.

We are committed to working with healthcare professionals to provide them with timely and accurate information to assist them in making decisions and providing advice to their patients.

We can achieve our mission of supporting health only through a truly collaborative approach.

We want to build a culture of integrity and compliance, engaging every employee in upholding ethical behaviors.

Our global online Legal and Ethical Resource Network (LERN) training program is run in 93 countries and 32 languages.

It informs employees of all aspects of our Code of Business Conduct, with practical guidance on recognizing and responding to legal and ethical issues, with a key focus on interactions with healthcare professionals.

HC MS 000.A: Number of units sold by product category.

HC BP 210a.1: Discussion, by world region, of management process for ensuring quality and patient safety during clinical trials.

Abbott follows all applicable regulations in the countries where we conduct clinical studies or register products.

We also follow nationally and internationally accepted standards, such as the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use Good Clinical Practices (ICH GCP), the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki, the International Organization for Standardization’s ISO 14155, ISO 20916, and other standards.

We train employees and clinical sites on the proper conduct of clinical studies and employ both external and internal oversight of studies.

When planning our clinical studies, Abbott identifies and reduces controllable risks to patients.

Either our Institutional Review Board (IRB) or our Independent Ethics Committee (IEC) reviews any proposed research prior to commencement to assure patient protections.

The informed consent procedures and consent form documents for any clinical study must conform to all relevant legal statutes and governmental regulations.

During the course of a study, patients can report any concerns to the IRB.

We monitor our studies on an ongoing basis to help ensure compliance with Abbott standards and identify any unforeseen risks to patient safety.

This includes audits of contract research organizations (CROs) that conduct or manage studies on behalf of Abbott.

If Abbott becomes aware of study misconduct, we report it to the appropriate authorities.

No GCP inspections by regulatory agencies of the company or clinical trial investigators led to fines, penalties, warning letters, or product seizures in 2022.

Clinical Trial Registrations Abbott registers all applicable and or covered clinical trials, regardless of outcome, in a publicly accessible clinical trials registry, such as ClinicalTrials.gov.

For branded generic pharmaceuticals, this means that we register interventional clinical studies in patients as designated by national laws and regulations.

For medical devices and diagnostics, this means we register interventional clinical studies of health outcomes and pediatric post marketing surveillance studies, as designated by national laws and regulations.

Clinical Trial Results Disclosures Abbott is committed to transparency and sharing important information about the clinical trials we sponsor.

We recognize that there are important public health benefits to making clinical trial information available to healthcare providers, patients, and the public.

Our registrations and results disclosures adhere to all applicable national laws and regulations in countries where we operate.

Abbott discloses the results of all applicable or covered clinical trials as described above, regardless of outcome, in a publicly accessible clinical trials results database, such as ClinicalTrials.gov.

We also report the results of any exploratory pharmaceutical clinical studies if the findings have significant medical importance, such as with important safety findings.

Clinical Trial Data Sharing The regulatory environment around sharing clinical trial data for research purposes is evolving.

We continually engage with stakeholders’ different approaches for sharing clinical trial data with scientific and medical researchers to advance medical science, while protecting confidential information.

HC BP 210a.1: Discussion, by world region, of management process for ensuring quality and patient safety during clinical trials.

The 3Rs of Animal Research We’re working to minimize animal use in research and maintain high humane care standards while meeting regulatory requirements.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other regulators require animal safety and efficacy data for many products, and we have an ethical obligation to explore potential health benefits and risks before patient use.

Replace animal testing requirements through non animal research methods Reduce the number of animals used to the minimum necessary for valid results Refine experimental procedures to avoid or minimize pain and distress.

Our laboratory animal research programs and facilities meet or exceed relevant animal welfare regulations in countries where we operate.

When human clinical studies commence, we align with all relevant laws and regulations.

When public disclosure criteria are met, monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with clinical trials are included in our 2022 Annual Report.

Equitable access to healthcare is a priority for Abbott.

We work globally across more than 160 countries, many of which are priority countries, to promote access to healthcare.

HC BP 210a.2: Number of FDA Sponsor Inspections related to clinical trial management and pharmacovigilance that resulted in: (1) Voluntary Action Indicated (VAI) and (2) Official Action Indicated (OAI).

HC BP 21a.3: Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with clinical trials in developing countries.

HC BP 240a.1: Description of actions and initiatives to promote access to healthcare products for priority diseases and in priority countries as defined by the Access to Medicine Index.

HC BP 270a.1: Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims.

HC BP 270a.2: Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off label use of products.

HC BP 330a.1: Discussion of talent recruitment and retention efforts for scientists and research and development personnel.

HC BP 330a.2: (1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for (a) executives senior managers, (b) midlevel managers, (c) professionals and (d) all others.

FB PF 130a.1: (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity and (3) percentage renewable.

FB PF 140a.1: (1) Total water withdrawn and (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress.

Talent management is overseen by our Executive Vice President, Human Resources who reports directly to our Chairman and CEO and corporate officers, all of whom carry human capital goals.

We engage organizations such as Advancing Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE) and the Society of Women Engineers to identify diverse talent.

Partnerships with academic institutions like Howard University and North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University also support our future employee pipeline.

We have a presence at the University of Illinois Urbana Champaign Research Park, giving us access to a competitive and diverse pool of talented students to consider for internship opportunities.

Our career site employs artificial intelligence to enhance the application process, streamlining user experiences with tailored content and a personalized chatbot to help identify roles.

We strive to increase the number of women in our leadership ranks and across our many STEM roles.

The annual Society of Women Engineers conference offers an opportunity to connect with the brightest female minds in the industry.

As well as supporting those who already work for Abbott, we want to give the next generation opportunities to get a foot on the industry ladder.

Through our STEM internship program, we offer high school students particularly female and minority applicants an opportunity to kick start a career in healthcare.

The total energy consumption (Scope 1 and 2) in 2022 was approximately 14,195,000 gigajoules.

The total electricity purchased was about 4,530,000 gigajoules.

Abbott’s total energy consumption that is sourced from the grid totals to about 27%.

Total water withdrawn: about 13,793 megaliters in 2022, approximately 43% of water was withdrawn from regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress.

Total water consumption: about 2,351 megaliters in 2022, approximately 47% of water was consumed from regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress.

FB PF 140a.2: Number of incidents of noncompliance associated with water quantity and or quality permits, standards and regulations.

FB PF 140a.3: Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks.

In 2022, eight of the 11 NOVs Abbott received were related to 2021 wastewater discharges from one of our manufacturing plants.

To address the issue, Abbott has a comprehensive action plan in place and is expediting long term sustainable controls.

No inherent water related risks with the potential to have a substantive strategic impact on the business have been identified.

To address water related risks and help ensure our business’s resilience, Abbott’s Business Continuity and Crisis Management, EHS, Engineering, and Supply Chain organizations work to implement measures that allow us to help ensure business continuity and minimize the impacts from physical water related risks.

Likewise, a core part of Abbott’s business strategy includes reducing our water footprint in our operations and engaging our value chain in strategic sourcing categories.

FB PF 410a.1: (1) Total weight of packaging, (2) percentage made from recycled and or renewable materials and (3) percentage that is recyclable, reusable and or compostable.

Abbott is committed to packaging optimization through sustainable design.

In order to better understand opportunities for more sustainable packaging, teams in our Nutrition business unit conducted an analysis of their packaging portfolio to establish a baseline.

In 2022, it is estimated that our Abbott Nutrition business utilized about 123,000 metric tons of material to place approximately 3.4 billion packages on market, made 21% of packaging from recycled content and or renewed materials, and estimated that 80% of its packaging is recyclable, reusable, and or compostable.

FB PF 410a.2: Discussion of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of packaging throughout its life cycle.

Recognizing the impact our packaging can have on the environment, we’re designing for recyclability, efficiency, and increasingly positive impact.

Our Sustainable Packaging Council has designed a database for reporting predicted progress against division projections for packaging projects.

These next decade figures guide Abbott functions as they collaborate to design and manufacture packaging with environmental sustainability as a priority.

Our 2030 commitment is to address 50 million pounds of packaging through high impact sustainable design programs that employ circularity principles.

Sustainable Packaging Guiding Principles inform existing packaging upgrades and target new, more sustainable designs.

CPI values are gathered by Abbott Economics from S P Global, which sources data from each country’s respective statistical agency or reporting institution.

Revenue data for weighting are consistent with the net sales price change as reported in Abbott’s annual 10 K filing.

We are committed to identifying and reducing climate related risks that may have the potential to impact our operations, supply chain, and distribution network.

We maintain an identification process for opportunities to address emerging climate change related healthcare needs and increase operating efficiencies by reducing climate related impacts.

We have determined that climate related risks and opportunities exist for Abbott at site and regional levels but are limited at a global scale.

We analyze physical and transitional risks resulting from emerging regulations, and assess and manage them through our risk management processes, which identify opportunities to build resilience in both our operations and our business model.

We regularly update risk management, standards, and programs to align with global best practices and regulatory requirements, and aim to anticipate emerging risks and upcoming regulatory changes.

The EHS Governance team monitors emerging climate related trends and regulations to analyze potential impacts and risk exposure, and develop appropriate management strategies.

We use scenario sensitivity risk modeling to understand the implications of climate related risks.

Abbott’s Business Continuity and Crisis Management organizations implement measures to help ensure business continuity and attempt to minimize the impacts of physical climate related risks.

These physical risks fall into two categories: acute and chronic.

Acute physical risks associated with climate change include unforeseen extreme weather events for which we cannot develop preventive strategies.

We have developed strategies for mitigating and responding to them across our supply chain.

Our Business Continuity and Crisis Management organization works with our EHS, Engineering, and Supply Chain groups to strengthen business resiliency against weather events and other forms of extreme disruption.

During the COVID 19 pandemic and strict travel restrictions, our processes enabled us to quickly produce millions of COVID 19 tests while continuing to provide our other essential products to people globally.

Our Engineering and EHS policies and management standards consider chronic physical risks, such as water scarcity, and require sites to conduct regular risk and opportunity evaluations and implement mitigation strategies.

Abbott is a global organization with 88 manufacturing facilities in more than 25 countries, a diverse geographical supply chain and distribution network, and site level business continuity planning.

These factors lessen the potential for a material business impact from climate related physical risks, such as effects of severity of weather.

Climate related risks include transition risks that relate to emerging expectations and regulations around GHG emission management.

These include carbon limits and taxes, enhanced reporting obligations, costs to transition to lower emissions technologies, and increased costs of goods and services.

We have identified the need to manage and reduce environmental impacts as a potential enterprise risk.

In response to this, our business strategy includes reducing operational energy and carbon footprint, and engaging our value chain in strategic sourcing categories.

As part of our product research and development (R D) and climate risk management processes, we consider climate change related opportunities.

Increased operating efficiencies through achieving carbon reduction targets.

The opportunity to advance our mission to help people live their best lives by meeting changing healthcare and nutrition needs.

Although opportunities exist and are incorporated into our 2030 Sustainability Plan, they are unlikely to have a substantive impact on our business.

Our 2030 Sustainability Plan commits us to respond to increased humanitarian needs due to severe weather events, new disease threats, and changes in the spread of disease.

We will do so in line with our priority of innovating for access and affordability, which characterized our company’s response to the COVID 19 pandemic.

We will continue to respond to humanitarian needs in line with our caring value and primarily through our philanthropic organization and product donations.

Governance a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

Abbott is committed to strong corporate governance that aligns with stakeholder interests.

Our Board of Directors has an integral role in leading our sustainability activities.

For more details on its oversight of climate risks and opportunities, see page 51 of the Environment section and Abbott’s CDP Climate Change 2022 Response: CDP C 1.1b.

Abbott’s commitment to sustainable business starts at the top and is integrated across our organization.

The management team leads our sustainability activities alongside the Board.

See page 80 of the Governance section and CDP C1.2, C1.2a, C1.3, C1.3a for more information.

Strategy a) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Abbott is a global organization with 88 manufacturing facilities in more than 25 countries, a diverse geographical supply chain and distribution network, and site level business continuity planning.

These factors lessen the potential for a material business impact from climate related physical risks, such as effects of severity of weather.

For more information, see CDP C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2, C2.2a, C2.3b and C2.4b.

We factor climate related risks and opportunities into our financial planning and business strategy, including in our products and services, supply chain, investments in R D, and operations.

For more information on these impacts, see CDP C3.1, C3.2a, C3.3, and C3.4.

To calculate the implications of emerging climate related trends and regulations, Abbott’s EHS and Economics organizations undertake scenario sensitivity risk modeling analyses on potential and emerging environmental risks.

Recent analyses have considered the national climate targets arising from COP21, potential carbon taxes, the financial implications of water scarcity, and climate change impacts to agriculture supply chains.

For more information on these scenarios and the resilience of Abbott’s climate strategy, see CDP C3.2, C3.2a, and C4.1.

Risk Management a) Describe the organization’s process for identifying and assessing climate related risks.

Abbott is committed to reducing climate related risks that may have the potential to impact our operations, supply chain, and distribution network.

These include potential physical risks, as well as emerging transition risks.

We have various risk management processes, which assess climate related risks across the organization to help ensure risks to our businesses and operations are minimized.

For more details on our process for identifying and assessing risks, see CDP C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2 and C2.2a.

Abbott has a process for managing the potential physical and transition risks identified in our assessment process.

We have several tools, committees, and organizations that identify and manage these risks.

Metrics and Targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Climate risks are embedded into our risk assessment and management process and play a critical role in our business strategy and continuity planning.

For more details on how climate is integrated into our overall risk management, see CDP C2.1a, C2.1b and C2.2.

We track a number of climate related metrics, in addition to our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions for our carbon footprint.

For these metrics, see CDP C4.2b and C9.1, page 53 of the Energy and Emissions section, and page 98 of the Appendix.

Under our 2030 Sustainability Plan, we have set new targets to reduce our absolute Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.

To track these, we disclose our carbon footprint for all three scopes annually.

For these metrics and related risks, see CDP C6.1, C6.3 and C6.5, page 53 of the Energy and Emissions section, and page 98 of the Appendix.

We have set several targets to track our performance and assess and manage our risks and opportunities, including for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.

See page 53 of the Energy and Emissions section and page 98 of the Appendix for more information.

In a bid to drive global impact, we work to align our priorities, material issues, and actions with the United Nations SDGs.

We are committed to developing accessible, affordable products.

Even as we invest in innovation, we seek solutions that prevent costs being passed to customers.

At the same time, we are using our scale to support global communities in rebuilding following natural disasters and other emergencies.

Make access and affordability core to new product innovation.

Self Employed Women’s Association (SEWA) Through our five year partnership with SEWA in India, we have advanced access to quality and affordable care for low income communities and helped rebuild their livelihoods.

We are strengthening communities’ resilience and empowering them with the resources they need to live healthier, fuller lives.

Beyond Disaster Relief to Disaster Resilience For 16 years, we have partnered with Feeding America and Direct Relief to prepare communities in New Orleans, Dallas, Orlando, and Puerto Rico for the hurricane season.

In 2021, we implemented a disaster resilience strategy that incorporated grants aimed at helping mitigate impacts on these four communities.

In the first full year, following Hurricanes Fiona and Ian in Puerto Rico and Florida, our strategy proved successful as critical operations and systems remained functional, staff were trained and equipped to respond, and our pre positioned product was distributed immediately.

Tanzania Bantu Dairy Cow Program Initiated in 2013, the dairy cow program in Bantu village, Tanzania, was designed to provide families in need one cow, with the expectation that they were to give the first calf born to another family.

The program has impacted over 60 families in the last year alone, not only providing nutrition for the family but also generating revenue.

In 2021, the Abbott Fund supported the establishment of a milk collection center that has provided an accessible and reliable market for approximately 118 farmers, with revenue of about 142,800 in 2022.

At Abbott, we are committed to developing initiatives and healthcare solutions that support food security and improved nutrition for people globally.

Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases.

Healthy Food Rx Healthy Food Rx is a food prescription program designed to improve health outcomes for people with diabetes.

Launched in 2021 in Stockton, California, the program is part of the Abbott Fund’s Future Well Communities.

Six month results showed a significant decrease in A1Cs among patients with uncontrolled diabetes, and a significant decrease in food insecurity.

Phase II of the study began in April 2022 to measure the program’s impact after 12 months of intervention.

Child Hunger: The Global FoodBanking Network, Feeding America, and Northern Illinois Food Bank Programs Abbott Fund supported Child Hunger programs are serving populations across the globe where the prevalence of food insecurity is high and persistent.

In 2022, with food systems facing significant pressure due to high rates of food insecurity, production, and supply chain challenges, these programs provided approximately 57,000 children and their families with access to nutritious foods.

This support was especially crucial for families as the cost of included staple items such as tuna, milk, fruit, lentils, and beans continued to increase.

Our partners include The Global FoodBanking Network, Feeding America, and Northern Illinois Food Bank.

Advancing Pediatric Nutrition in Vietnam Since 2006, we have helped improve the health and nutritional status of school children in rural provinces of Vietnam.

Our efforts include providing nutritious meals and supplements, food for the families, and nutrition education for caretakers.

In 2022, we supported 2,392 school age children through the program, achieving a 25% decrease in underweight in half of the participating schools.

Nutritious Food for Children in Rwanda Through our partnership with the Women’s Bakery, we provided daily servings of nutritious, locally produced bread to 4,638 children at six schools in Gicumbi, Ruyenzi, and Kigali, Rwanda.

This program also provides employment and economic opportunity for the community, with a focus on women.

Abbott is dedicated to improving people’s health at all ages and stages of life.

Health and well being are at the center of everything we do each day to tackle the world’s most pressing health problems.

Improve the lives of 3 billion people each year reaching.

Make access and affordability core to new product innovation.

Transform care for chronic disease, malnutrition, and infectious diseases.

Tanzania PICU At Tanzania’s Muhimbili National Hospital, the Abbott Fund initiated and supported a partnership with Emory University to provide tailored direct mentorship to the newly established Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU).

Through in person and virtual healthcare worker training, protocol development, and troubleshooting, the patient survival rate in the PICU increased from 25% to 70%, resulting in more than 600 lives saved since the beginning of the program.

In addition, we provided direct funding for much needed equipment and donated pediatric nutritional products to support the 12 PICU beds and help ensure the youngest patients have the best chance for survival.

Rural Healthcare in India We have worked with NGO Americares to support the Indian government’s rural care program, including providing a grant of approximately 2.4 million for upgrading Primary Health Centers (PHCs) to Health Wellness Centers across nine states.

We are also training PHC staff and community health workers, and educating communities on communicable and noncommunicable diseases.

To date, upgrades have been completed at 16 PHCs of 75 total, with the remaining 59 scheduled to be completed by early 2024.

Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination Abbott is a founding member of the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination, a program that aims to help scale hepatitis C testing to meet global elimination goals.

In Ghana, the program has contributed to the development of the country’s first hepatitis C test and treatment program.

Community University Health Care Center Abbott Fund partner the University of Minnesota Community University Health Care Center (CUHCC) worked to reduce mortality from noncommunicable diseases through prevention and treatment services.

In 2022, CUHCC provided support to over 3,800 people and made a 5% improvement in the number of patients with controlled hypertension, while at the same time decreasing the percentage of patients whose diabetes was uncontrolled by about 7%.

CUHCC also supported more than 1,800 Afghan refugees to establish primary care.

Advancing Education and Health Equity Through the Abbott Fund, we delivered year one of a three year partnership with Easterseals to pilot the Project on Education and Community Health Equity.

The project aims to address barriers to quality education and healthcare experienced by children and families in under invested communities.

Expanding access to essential physical and mental health screenings and care for children.

Providing targeted social services to help families overcome gaps in basic needs, nutrition, transportation, and other social and economic barriers.

Ensuring early childhood administrators and educators have the right training to identify and address health and social challenges and provide culturally appropriate support.

New ideas arise from diverse experiences and points of view.

To achieve our ambitions, we’re actively shaping our organization for the future by prioritizing diversity and inclusion, advancing STEM education, and empowering our teams with skills to meet the health needs of tomorrow.

Create opportunities in Abbott’s STEM programs and internships for more than 100,000 young people, including 50% from underrepresented groups.

Abbott High School STEM Internship We offer a STEM internship for high school students particularly for underrepresented students.

In 2022, we expanded the program to Saudi Arabia, Costa Rica, India, and Canada.

During the year, we also launched an apprenticeship for up to six young people to help them gain the skills needed for a role in the skilled trades.

In partnership with Advancing Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE), we launched an initiative to diversify our workforce by building curriculum capacity in engineering schools, focusing on Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs).

Along with co partners Microsoft and Raytheon, we provided guest lectures, offered mentorships, and educated faculty on the future need for more cybersecurity professionals.

We also funded two customized intern experiences during summer 2022.

Over the coming years, this internship program will be expanded to include more HBCUs and colleges for women.

Future Well Communities To address the diabetes epidemic in Stockton, California, we are partnering with University of the Pacific to create certificate and degree programs in diabetes management, provide scholarships, and secure employment in Stockton for at least 80% of graduating scholars three months post graduation.

In 2022, among the 10 scholars that graduated in 2021, nine were employed locally, 10 scholars graduated, and 15 new scholarships were awarded.

Since 2019, scholarships have been awarded to 35 students pursuing social work and nursing degrees with a subspecialty in diabetes management.

Tanzania Bantu Primary School From 2008 through 2014, the Abbott Fund built and expanded upon the primary school in Bantu village, Tanzania.

It currently serves more than 400 students annually.

Of the children that graduate, 86% go on to attend secondary school.

Tanzania National Children’s Home The Abbott Fund supported the construction of Tanzania’s National Children’s Home to improve security, education, and supervision, including staff housing on site and to provide safe spaces for play, agricultural programs, and sports.

Currently, the Children’s Home serves about 80 children and extended services to the community in the daycare program and health clinic.

High School STEM Internship Program We launched our High School STEM Internship Program in 2012.

Since then, approximately 50% of all the high school students who have gone through the program have been hired into full time positions at Abbott.

Reskilling and Apprenticeship Through our many programs and resources, we provide opportunities for individual growth and development, helping employees build great long term careers at Abbott.

That includes supporting employees who want to learn new career skills.

For example, Abbott Ireland recently launched the Future Female Engineer program, partnering with Atlantic Technological University to pursue degrees in Mechatronic Systems.

This program is designed to develop existing female employees, typically operators, who do not have a third level technical qualification but are interested in pursuing a career in engineering.

In 2022, we launched a multi year U.S. skilled trades apprenticeship program.

Apprentices have flexible working hours and study time at nearby community colleges.

They are also able to participate in the program while working their full time job.

Abbott’s goal is to support apprentices throughout their education while preparing them for long term careers with us.

Promoting diversity and inclusion is part of how we lead, what we believe in, and who we always strive to be.

We want to create an environment that nurtures everyone, regardless of race, gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, or nationality.

Achieve gender balance across our global management team with at least 45% female representation.

Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% female representation.

Workforce Gender Representation Taking targeted actions, we have increased gender representation in our workforce.

By training SEWA women in India from low income communities to serve as community health workers, we are not only building health empowerment and livelihoods but are also helping women achieve self reliance.

As global temperatures increase, so too does the scarcity of clean, safe water.

Abbott recognizes the key role water plays in sustaining life, human health, economic growth, and ecosystems.

It’s also essential to our business continuity and manufacturing operations and plays a critical role in the use of many of our products.

That is why we work diligently to protect water sources.

Achieve water stewardship certification at all high water impact manufacturing sites in water stressed areas.

Implement accredited water stewardship management practices in more than 75% of all manufacturing sites operating in water stressed areas.

Work with 50 key suppliers in high water stressed areas to reduce water quality and quantity risks to Abbott and the community.

Certified Water Stewards Abbott Granada in Spain and Abbott Temecula in the U.S. are Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Core Certified Sites.

Certification to the AWS Standard aims to drive social, cultural, environmental, and economic benefits at site and catchment levels.

Good water governance Sustainable water balance Good water quality status Important water related areas Safe water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH).

Following these two certification successes in 2022, tools and lessons learned were shared in our communities of practice, helping us remain on track with our roadmap to increase the number of sites certified.

More information can be found starting on page 57.

Driving Water Management Standards Thirteen manufacturing sites were identified as being in water stressed areas but not classified as high water impact.

We have engaged these sites via our community of practice, and all non high water impact manufacturing sites in water stressed areas completed efforts to implement Phase 1 of the accredited water stewardship management practices.

The first phase focuses on understanding water management within the internal boundaries of the facility.

Site Upgrades to Optimize Water Use In 2022, we initiated 25 reduction impact projects resulting in annualized water savings of about 6,800 megaliters with annualized cost savings of almost 1.2 million.

Some of these projects include recovering reject water from reverse osmosis units, collecting and using graywater for non potable water purposes, and replacing turf with drought resistant plants at one of our water stressed locations.

See page 56 for more details of these initiatives.

Our Water Footprint Wherever we use and discharge water, we work to minimize the impact we have on the quality and quantity of local sources.

Within our operations, we use a context based approach to water management, annually assessing for resilience, using WRI Aqueduct a global water risk mapping tool to analyze local water stress and evaluate against our internal water use intensity.

More information can be found starting on page 56 and in GRI 303 on page 123.

Antimicrobial Resistance As part of our global Sustainability Plan, we work each year to identify where the water we use comes from, how it’s treated and discharged, and the impact our operations have on local environment.

Abbott’s branded generic medicines business assesses suppliers in at risk regions that handle and or manufacture chemicals of environmental concern and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs).

We have added a specific clause on Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) with manufacturing suppliers partnering with our medicines business.

Since it was first introduced in 2021, the AMR clause is now part of our medicines business’s template contract and is being implemented with our contract manufacturing suppliers.

The clause asks suppliers to implement liquid and solid waste management practices and antimicrobial discharge limits and provide discharge level information upon request.

SMILE Foundation in India In partnership with Smile Foundation in India, we are supporting 4,600 children from low income communities 46% of whom are girls in STEM, health education, and sports.

Health education covers noncommunicable diseases, menstrual hygiene, and WASH (Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene).

Project WET Building on efforts across our sites, we also work with local communities to help conserve water.

In the U.S. state of Arizona, we’re helping to create a culture of water conservation in local communities near our nutrition plant in Casa Grande.

Working with Project WET and with support from the Abbott Fund, Abbott experts share best practices in saving water with local small businesses, homeowners, and schools, and expand education programs for students.

They also provide professional development that evolves teachers’ instructional practice and water related content through STEM integration, student directed learning, and educational events.

In 2022, more than 2,700 educators, students, and families benefited from these programs.

Sustainable business success lies in attracting talented people who share our vision and values.

To retain them, we must show we care by nurturing career development and safeguarding their health, safety, and well being.

Provide 1 million development and job opportunities for current and future employees.

Ensure one third of our leadership roles are held by people from underrepresented groups by 2025.

Create opportunities in Abbott’s STEM programs and internships for more than 100,000 young people, including 50% from underrepresented groups.

Ensure an inclusive environment by increasing spending with diverse and small businesses 50% by 2030, and Black and women owned businesses 150% by 2025, from a 2020 baseline.

Achieve gender balance in STEM roles with at least 45% female representation.

Leading With Impact We recognize the vital role front line managers play in building a supportive, inclusive, and rewarding work environment.

In 2021, Abbott launched a comprehensive leadership training program called Leading With Impact (LWI) for people managers worldwide.

LWI provides 12 weeks of self paced, virtually delivered, immediately applicable coaching and training.

In 2022, we reinforced the behaviors learned in the program through topical peer pods, an interactive coaching workbook, leader podcasts, and more.

By the end of 2022, approximately 96% of people managers had participated.

Through the program, they gained new skills, tools, and perspectives to help them create a more supportive, inclusive, and rewarding environment for their teams.

Self Employed Women’s Association (SEWA) In partnership with SEWA in India, we trained 400 women from low income communities as community health workers, which helps them earn monthly incomes.

We also supported 1,600 women and their families with other livelihood earning opportunities, including sale of their products, produce, and food supplies.

Tanzania Bantu Village The Bantu village community in Tanzania is supported with a dairy cow program, which provides an opportunity for self employment for approximately 118 farmers through the creation of an agricultural ecosystem boosting both farming and livestock economic productivity.

Supporting Diverse Healthcare Supply Chains We are committed to partnering with organizations globally to advance diverse supplier development.

For example, in the U.S., we established an initiative with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to promote robust diverse healthcare supply chains.

Each stage of a product’s life cycle has potential impacts for human and planetary health.

We are concerned about waste management beyond the manufacturing phase and are committed to helping mitigate impacts at each point of a product’s journey.

Address 50 million pounds of packaging through high impact sustainable design programs that: employ circularity principles through smart design and material selection eliminate and reduce materials improve the energy efficiency of Abbott’s products optimize packaging, pallet, and truckload efficiency.

Reduce waste impacts using a circular economy approach, to achieve and maintain at least a 90% waste diversion rate.

Engage with key suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of materials sent to Abbott that become waste in our operations and develop and track supplier waste diversion initiatives.

Abbott’s Rapid Diagnostics business launched the BinaxNOW home use COVID 19 test kit in December 2020.

Eliminating an unnecessary high impact polystyrene tray.

Resizing the paperboard carton and corrugated case.

Waste Diversion With Inbound Material Suppliers Throughout 2022, we initiated engagements with five key suppliers to reduce the environmental impacts of inbound materials, discussing mutually beneficial opportunities to prevent them becoming waste.

To support these discussions, we developed standardized supplier facing information for cross business supplier relationship manager use.

We’ve initiated engagements with suppliers in our efforts to lower the impact of packaging as part of our circular economy approach.

In Australia, as part of our Organic Pediasure rollout, our shipper supplier has moved from 12 can shippers to 6 can shippers.

The transition eliminates the need for packaging rework, reducing the amount of wasted corrugate material.

Reducing Operational Waste In 2022, over 20 projects were initiated to reduce operational waste.

These projects resulted in almost 1,100 metric tons of annualized waste savings and over 3.3 million in annual cost savings.

Some of these initiatives include composting and identifying beneficial uses for materials that otherwise would have been disposed.

More information can be found starting on page 59 in the Environment section.

We are committed to safeguarding a healthier planet for everyone.

One way we do this is by reducing our emissions, finding more efficient ways to use energy, and limiting reliance on fossil fuels.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 30% from 2018 baseline by the end of 2030, consistent with the objectives of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Abbott commits that 82% of its suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution will have science based targets by 2026.

Electric Vehicles In the U.K., we are in the process of converting our vehicle fleet to electric, targeting 100% conversion.

To date, we have replaced about 34% of the U.K. fleet with electric vehicles, with a plan to transition the remainder of the U.K. fleet in the coming years.

Scope 3 Target As of 2022 year end, approximately 30% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution have SBTi approved science based targets, with about an additional 14% committing through the SBTi to adopt science based targets.

More information is available on page 77 in the Supply Chain section.

A More Energy Efficient Global Operation In 2022, we initiated 80 projects resulting in approximately 27 million kWh annual energy savings and approximately 7,000 metric tons CO2e emissions reduced annually.

These projects also saved about an annualized 2.9 million.

Some initiatives completed include installing a heat recovery and pump system, replacing the motors of the air handling units with more energy efficient motors, and funding additional on site renewable energy installations.

In 2022, we found opportunities to reduce our emission impact beyond energy reduction, including implementing a process change to switch to a lower global warming potential (GWP) material.

We also build for sustainability, with environmental protection front of mind during design and construction stages.

For example, the new Abbott facility under construction in Kilkenny, Ireland, will incorporate key sustainable design features including implementing energy efficiency, green building concepts, and effective waste management throughout the construction and operational phases.

More details of these initiatives are in the Energy and Emissions section of the report starting on page 53.

Collaboration is key to mitigating shared impacts.

We work side by side with those we serve, governments, and other stakeholders to address health disparities and barriers to equitable healthcare access.

By nurturing resilient, responsible partnerships that leave lasting positive impact, we multiply our ability to touch people’s lives while safeguarding the planet.

Partner with stakeholders to improve health outcomes by advancing standards and building access to affordable, integrated solutions.

Long Standing Partnerships for Health Abbott’s presence in Tanzania for the past 21 years has grown from an HIV AIDS focus to national emergency care.

We have helped construct three regional hospitals and equip one zonal hospital.

In 2022, we completed the first models in Tanzania for emergency care at a district hospital emergency department and at a village emergency dispensary in Bantu Village.

We are now exploring how we can use this partnership as a model for other countries, and our Bantu dispensary as a model for other regions.

Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition We launched the Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition (APDC) in 2021 to support identification and management of emerging health threats and future pandemics.

Today, we have APDC partners in more than 20 countries.

During 2022, representatives from the Coalition were invited to a meeting at the White House to discuss the issue of mpox (formerly known as monkeypox), and how Abbott could support in expediting test production to monitor the spread.

Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination In 2019, Abbott became a founding member of the Coalition for Global Hepatitis Elimination, contributing funding to create the Hepatitis C Evaluations to Amplify Testing and Treatment (HEAT) program.

The program aims to help scale hepatitis testing to meet global elimination goals.

In Ghana, participation in HEAT has supported national assessments of current hepatitis burden and local testing capacity, helping identify gaps in care to inform necessary policy change.

The program has also enabled development of the country’s first hepatitis C test and treatment program, where HEAT data on regional differences in prevalence of hepatitis C and testing infrastructure informed the roll out of a donation of hepatitis C medicines from the Egyptian Ministry of Health and Population.

Through the coalition, we also supported launch of the HepTest webinar series in 2020, reaching nearly 1,000 people to date with key information.

Throughout 2022, two more webinars were held, including one featuring a panel discussion with HEAT representatives and lessons learned from the projects.

American Diabetes Association: Health Equity Now The goal of our three year, 5 million effort with the American Diabetes Association is to reduce health inequities by removing barriers to tools and technology for diabetes management regardless of income level or insurance status.

The pilot seeks to better understand and address the healthcare disparities for Black people living with diabetes.

Focusing initial efforts in Columbus, Ohio, we are helping by sponsoring campaigns to enhance awareness, access to, and adoption of these tools.

Real Madrid Partnership In 2021, we announced our three year deal to be the Health Sciences and Nutrition Partner for Real Madrid Football Club.

We have also signed on as Global Partner of the Real Madrid Foundation an organization founded by the club to promote the value of sport to children globally.

Through these partnerships, we are delivering education, sports, and social welfare activities to support children in under resourced communities across 80 countries.

Through the Real Madrid Foundation’s 42 clinics in 12 countries, we are providing malnutrition screening, education, and nutrition support.

Abbott Pandemic Defense Coalition partners at work.