Adobe was founded on simple yet enduring principles that remain with us to this day: Innovation is at our core, employees are our greatest asset, and our customers, communities and stakeholders are central to our success.

As digital continues to rapidly reshape how we work, learn and play, Adobe’s products are fueling the digital economy and empowering everyone, everywhere to imagine, create and deliver any digital experience.

Purpose has been core to the company’s DNA from its earliest days.

Tere are three key areas in which we are uniquely positioned and motivated to make a diference: Adobe for All, Creativity for All and Technology to Transform.

Adobe for All Adobe’s purpose starts with our commitment to create a work place and community that refects the diversity of the world around us, where everyone feels included and respected and has the opportunity to make an impact.

Greater representation leads to a virtuous cycle of more role models, advancement, growth and meaningful innovations for our customers and communities.

We are proud of our progress in increasing women in Director roles globally by 50% and our Black community in the U.S. by 63% over the past two years.

We are sponsoring the success of underrepresented minorities in technology careers at Adobe through initiatives such as the McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy in the U.S., Women in Tech Forum career coaching program in EMEA and Women Emerging Leaders Program in APAC.

Externally, we are investing in building a talent pipeline through strategic collaborations with historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions, such as Bowie State University, San Jos State University and Winston Salem State University.

Our innovative SheSparks internship program across our India sites enables women to successfully transition back to full time work afer a career break, securing program management and technical roles at Adobe.

Creativity for All As the creativity company, we are uniquely commited to advanc ing Creativity for All: empowering millions of creators of all ages and backgrounds to access the tools, skills and platforms they need to express themselves, reach their full potential and share their diverse perspectives.

From supporting emerging flmmakers through the Sundance Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of creators we’ve aided fnancially through our Creative Residency Community Fund, to our Diverse Voices platform that elevates creators from a spectrum of disciplines, we are helping people around the world tell their stories on a larger scale.

Technology to Transform As one of the world’s most innovative sofware companies touching the lives of billions of people, we are commited to advancing the responsible use of technology to build trust with our customers and communities.

Our innovations are making a signifcant impact across AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and transparency, accessibility and sustainability.

We are building on our decades of AI leadership and extending our people centered approach to generative AI to continue to enhance rather than replace human endeavor.

All new AI features and innovations are developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency.

Te Content Authenticity Initiative, which we lead, now counts over 1,000 partners across sofware, hardware, media, NGOs and education, all commited to combating misinformation and providing atri bution for creators.

Last year, we launched Adobe Express for Nonprofts to help the over 10 million nonprofts around the world engage donors and drive greater impact.

Adobe is commited to sustainability and climate action through our products and operations.

Our cloud based products are signifcantly reducing paper based waste by accelerating the paper to digital transformation and enabling digital collaboration that reduces physical waste and emissions.

Estimates show that paper to digital workfows powered by Document Cloud elimi nate over 2.5 billion pounds of greenhouse gas per year in the U.S. alone.

Our Substance 3D tools allow campaigns to be de signed and shot virtually, eliminating the environmental cost of materials, manufacturing and travel.

We continue our focus on renewable energy across our sites, including opening our Found ers Tower in San Jose in January 2023 which is the frst all electric building of its scale powered by 100% renewable energy in Silicon Valley.

Our employees around the world bring our mission to life, working together to create change in the communities where we live and work.

Tey are at the center of our philanthropic approach, ofering their time, donations and talents to make the largest collective impact.

In calendar year 2022, we invested over 113M in cash and in kind in our communities, with employees completing over 150,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting over 89,000 organizations worldwide.

Over the past four decades, Adobe has embraced invention and reinvention to beter serve our customers and communities and deliver the best of Adobe to our stakeholders.

Tis sense of purpose has guided our evolution and continues to inspire our employees to invent the future and change the world for the beter.

Our groundbreaking technology, strong brand and excep tional culture position us well to continue to drive growth and meaningful impact for decades to come.

Underrepresented minorities (URM) are U.S. employees who identify as Black African American, Hispanic Latinx, Native American, Pacifc Islander, and or two or more races.

Together with the Adobe Foundation, the Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund, Adobe’s employee matching grants program and our customer matching program, we have given nearly 2.5 million to aid humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine and support journalists on the ground.

Our belief is that employees are not only our greatest asset as a company but also a powerful force for creating change in our communities.

Through the Pro Bono Initiative, board service and mentoring programs, Adobe offers employees the opportunity to use their skills for good and support causes that are important to them.

In honor of Adobe’s 40th anniversary, our employees showed how much they care for communities around the world.

We have the power to create positive change in the places where we live and work, and our executive leadership and board of directors are engaged in every step of this journey.

Our governance structure ensures our corporate social responsibility (CSR) eforts are coordinated across our business.

CSR matters, such as diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and climate action.

Our Sustainability Committee, a global, cross functional group of individuals overseen by an executive council, reviews and guides strategies and proposes action plans and performance objectives related to our sustainability efforts.

Accountability We hold ourselves accountable for progress against our commitments and goals.

In 2022 we conducted a third party audit to strengthen our DEI communications and reporting processes.

Impact Assessment to document salient human rights risks and mitigation activities, and facilitate stakeholder dialogue.

Each assessment showed that, across Adobe, increased focus on DEI and human rights efforts is viewed as a critical way we can create lasting change inside and outside our company.

Materiality We use a comprehensive materiality assessment process to ensure that our strategies, programs and reporting all focus on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders and deliver the greatest social and environmental impact to our communities.

Adobe’s commitment to people, purpose and community underpins everything we do from our product innovations and sustainable operations to the causes we champion paving the way for the company’s next decade of growth and impact.

Collaboration is the embodiment of our purpose and impact as a company.

Our approach to building long term, lasting collaboration around shared values and sustaining it over time for maximum impact is what sets us apart.

In every collaboration, we commit the full weight of our people, our products and our philanthropy.

We take a proactive, differentiated and transparent approach.

We utilized our engagement with organizations such as the National Minority Supplier Development Council, National LGBT Chamber of Commerce and National Veteran Business Development Council to increase our FY2022 spend with diverse suppliers by 9.9%.

Through the Sundance Ignite and Women to Watch x Adobe Fellowships, we support new voices and talents from the next generation of filmmakers by providing professional development spanning access to tools, mentorships and resources to empower bold new storytelling in film and media.

So far, 125 filmmakers have gone through the programs and 17 have premiered films at the Sundance Film Festival.

We worked with the Business Software Alliance, the world’s leading advocate for innovation in the software industry, to ensure that responsible AI ethics regulations are passed throughout the world.

Adobe participated in LEAD on Climate 2022, a group that brought together companies and investors to call on the U.S. Congress to address the climate crisis and accelerate the transition to domestic clean energy.

The donated Adobe product has been utilized on a near daily basis by 70 users across our entire organization in the past year.

Adobe was able to make some helpful suggestions as to how to address some of the weaknesses with the current tools we use on the Communications team.

These Adobe product donations are utilized in the early stages of and throughout nearly every visual investigation conducted by HRW’s Digital Investigations Lab team.

We believe that when people feel respected and included, they are more creative, innovative and successful.

In 2022, we made progress across diversity, equity and inclusion by building a more diverse workforce, fostering an inclusive workplace and mobilizing our ecosystem of partners to make an impact outside the company.

We also furthered our global network of partners and collaborators to foster racial and social justice around the world.

Foundation grants Employee giving and volunteering Access to Adobe product Pro bono support.

Through EAI, Adobe collaborates with 11 best in class racial and social justice organizations that share our commitment to advance equity and inclusion within our business and out in our communities.

Their focus areas are aligned with the priorities of our DEI teams and Employee Networks, which participated in the selection of EAI organizations.

The Initiative centers on both impact and two way engagement in which we share our learnings across the EAI cohort and Adobe.

Adobe hosts a cohort community that meets regularly, composed of leaders from each of the 11 EAI organizations, enabling nonprofit leaders working across issues and geographies to advise Adobe and one another on what is working and what can be improved.

Adobe for All’s commitment and being responsive all these social justice nonprofits together in a to the true needs of those organizations.

Adobe provides multiyear general operating support drive synergies across our shared mission of social and limits funder imposed requirements strategies justice we talk to other brands and partners about the organizations point to as unique for a corporate it, because it’s trailblazing.

An important dimension of measuring our progress on DEI is tracking the makeup of our employee base over time.

In FY2022, we grew our population of women employees globally and underrepresented minority (URM) employees in the U.S., and we are pleased with our progress over the past five years with the representation and the number of employees self identifying as women and U.S. URM employees.

In September 2020, we established aspirational goals for representation overall and at leadership levels to help realize our vision of a truly diverse and inclusive workplace.

Increase representation of women in leadership positions, defined as employees who are director level and above, to 30% globally by 2025.

Double representation of U.S. URM employees in leadership positions by 2025.

Double Black representation as a percentage of U.S. employees by 2025.

Adobe’s vision and strategy for creating a diverse workforce is outlined at adobe.com diversity.

A comprehensive set of key DEI performance indicators is available in the Social data table.

At Adobe, we appreciate the unique qualities that each person brings to work.

In FY2022, we continued our support of historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic serving Institutions (HSIs).

In so doing, we exposed more than 22,000 students to skills for jobs in tech and creative industries.

HBCU 20x20, Mentor Me Collective, worked with faculty and staff at each of the institutions to provide students with backgrounds.

Disability: Disability:IN, Project Hired training and learning programs, access to creative and digital tools, and mentoring and career development opportunities.

The launch of the Student Athlete Micro Internship program to provide in STEM, American Indian Science and.

A cyber security internship program with Bowie State University.

The Adobe Ignite HBCU Scholarship with the Thurgood Marshall College.

We continued our successful university technology scholarship programs designed to create gender equality in science, technology and engineering domains by encouraging women to showcase their excellence in computing and technology and become future leaders and role models in the field.

This included the Adobe Research Women in Technology Scholarship for women who are studying at North American universities, and the Adobe India Women in Tech Scholarship for women enrolled in an Indian university or institute.

Going beyond universities, we want to give individuals from nontraditional backgrounds in the U.S. new opportunities to enter technology and design careers.

At our India sites, our innovative SheSparks internship program enabled women to successfully transition back to full time work after a career break.

Academy, in partnership with General Assembly, ofers an alternative and accelerated path to switching careers, and we are commited to placing 99% of the graduates into full time jobs in the years ahead, whether at Adobe or another company.

Te program provides candidates with scholarships and living stipends to help them gain the education for careers in user experience design, data science or web development.

Adobe offers growth and development programs globally for underrepresented groups to strengthen career development and pursue leadership roles.

Adobe is also investing in development programs for underrepresented groups.

McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy for Black, Asian Pacific Islander and Hispanic Latinx employees.

We work hard every day to achieve the ideal of Adobe for All through a workplace that inspires a sense of belonging, family friendly benefits, support for regional and global employee communities, parity initiatives, and more.

Adobe’s eight employee networks were instrumental in building community, strengthening inclusion and driving progress for underrepresented groups.

History Month, Lunar New Year, Pride Month, Women’s History Month and many more.

Employee networks created opportunities to learn and grow, helped with recruiting efforts, sponsored a peer mentoring program, and provided support for nonprofit organizations.

Learn more about Adobe’s employee networks and their commitment to strengthen our culture.

We support our employees in their lives help build empathy, strengthen inclusion and outside work through benefits to their expand perspectives.

Our annual Adobe for health, education, and family lives.

LBGTQ community, provided expanded moment for employees to celebrate women’s health benefits, and continued to progress, be inspired by employee and guest introduce enhanced parental leave benefits speakers’ stories, and commit to making around the world.

Demonstrating Fairness Trough Parity Initiatives We invest in analysis and transparency to demonstrate our become active and effective allies in supporting underserved commitment to fair compensation.

We define pay parity as and underrepresented groups.

In FY2022, we maintained global gender pay parity for the fifth year in a row.

In FY2022, we maintained pay parity between URM and non URM employees in the U.S. for the third year in a row.

Adobe continues to support the California Equal Pay Pledge.

Our French business achieved a 90 100 score in the 2022 France Gender Equality Index.

Unadjusted median pay gap, a metric frequently used by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and other governmental organizations, compares the median pay of one population to the median pay of another population, where median pay is the midpoint of a stack ranking of salaries from low to high.

Our unadjusted median pay for URM employees was 86.1% of the median pay for non URM employees in the U.S.

We actively align our DEI commitments to our products, partnerships and suppliers to amplify our reach and impact.

In FY2022, we collaborated with organizations dedicated to driving progress.

Inclusion, Parity.org and The Institute for Corporate Productivity.

We collaborated with industry peers to advance diversity across includes businesses that are certified as majority multiple dimensions by improving the experiences of people with owned and operated by entrepreneurs from disabilities as a member of The Valuable 500 addressing race issues underrepresented groups.

Our increased spend with diverse suppliers builds of color for every open role at the vice president and above level on our ongoing partnerships with: through the ParityPledge.

National Minority Supplier Development Council environment, we participated in the Bloomberg Gender Equality.

We believe that everyone is creative and has the right to share their story, which creates a richer world for all of us.

From supporting diverse creators through our Sundance x Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of creators we’ve aided fnancially through our Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund, we are enabling people around the world to tell their stories on a larger scale.

Creative expression has become a 21st century skill.

We’re working to ensure all students have access to creative curricula and opportunities.

Digital literacy is an imperative, and we’re committed to equipping students and teachers with what they need to succeed.

K 12 students globally, and we are switchers to focus on careers engaging with college students across in technology and creative the U.S. at more than 50 designated industries.

As part of Annenberg’s curriculum, students can enroll in a free 10 week certification course, taught by Adobe experts, which takes them through Adobe’s software products.

Students attain proficiency in a suite of Adobe products, which opens them to a variety of career opportunities focused on design and creativity skills.

Creativity is the great enabler and has the power to create change in the world, by uniting us, helping us cope, and inspiring us.

It’s also how Adobe uniquely drives impact by empowering the world’s creators.

Adobe founded the Creative Residency Community Fund to support the creative community during the height of the COVID 19 crisis.

In response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, Adobe transitioned the Fund’s activities to support creators in the region.

Culture Change that will ensure that representations of mental health are authentic, accurate and safe.

Adobe is committed to addressing the growing global mental health crisis by investing in the systems, policies and organizations supporting young people.

Global Mental Health to better understand the relationship between creativity and positive mental outcomes, and to increase accessibility to mental health resources among youth creators around the world.

Adobe is investing in diverse creators and promoting systems and policies that give everyone the opportunity to create, make their voices heard and share their stories.

Adobe's Diverse Voices program was built to provide underrepresented creators with tangible and scalable opportunities to grow their careers by ofering Adobe platforms to amplify their work and stories as well as mentorship with industry leaders inside and outside Adobe.

Te Diverse Voices platform on Adobe.com showcases stories of diverse creators from a spectrum of disciplines.

During our annual creativity conference in October 2022, we brought Diverse Voices to life reaching approximately 100,000 people through virtual presentations, panel discussions, and keynote speeches.

Providing more channels to get their work seen and providing essential work experience and exposure to advance their own platforms has resulted in over 20 million impressions for diverse creators around the world.

Apple , Meta, USC Annenberg and others aims to provide underrepresented creators with the mentorship and access they need to advance their careers.

In 2022, the partnerships resulted in 75 new intensive mentorships and over 10 million impressions for their work.

We are committed to advancing the responsible use of technology for the good of society.

Our innovations are making a significant impact across AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and transparency, accessibility, and sustainability.

With the accelerating shift to digital channels, consumer expectations, privacy laws and platform requirements are evolving at an unprecedented pace.

Creating a safe digital environment for our community partners, customers and employees requires ongoing collaboration across the software industry, with policymakers, with our customers and with our partners.

Our people centered approach to AI seeks to enhance rather than replace human endeavor.

We believe AI has the power to amplify human intelligence, creativity and ingenuity to create exceptional digital experiences, and we are committed to advancing AI in a responsible, inclusive and ethical way.

All new AI features and innovations released in 2022 were developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI Ethics principles since the launch of the Content Authenticity Initiative of accountability, responsibility and transparency.

Creating a safe digital environment for our community partners, customers and employees requires ongoing collaboration across the software industry, with policy makers, with our customers and with our partners.

Continuing oversight from our AI Ethics Committee and Review Board, which includes employees with diverse professional backgrounds and life experiences.

Supporting ongoing collaboration with industry leaders to create and build guiding frameworks, Trust in AI and AI Risk Management.

Continuing engagements with organizations such as the Business.

Software Alliance to ensure that responsible AI regulations are passed throughout the world, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology to better manage AI risks to individuals, organizations and society describes the origins of a piece of digital content.

The CAI is a further demonstration to our customers open source technical standards for content provenance, that they can be confident that Adobe builds solutions developed in partnership with the Coalition for Content in a way that is ethical, responsible and inclusive.

The technology empowers creators everywhere to open source tools, enabling a broad developer add a layer of provable authenticity to their content.

Commission’s 2022 Code of Practice on Disinformation, the first international code to include commitments on provenance and the C2PA standard.

Adobe has been a longtime champion of accessibility and digital inclusion.

Accessibility at Scale award for our wide reaching and mature accessibility efforts.

Promoting our internal Digital Accessibility Guide to help developers build accessibility into products.

Supporting our Blue Belt accessibility training program to educate our engineers and product testers.

In 2022, we conducted research to explore how people with disabilities are raising awareness, increasing representation, and inspiring others through creative tools and social media.

We found that people with disabilities are navigating the digital world in a way that drives creativity, spurs innovation and fosters collaboration on a global scale.

Through Adobe’s Readability Initiative, we’re working with educators, reading experts, nonprofits and technologists to personalize the experience of reading on digital devices.

Together we’re working to conduct research, run pilot programs, and share our learnings to help people of all ages and abilities read better through machine learning and digital tools like Adobe Acrobat.

These tools give readers the ability to customize their PDF reading experience, which can improve speed, comfort and reading comprehension.

In October 2022, we launched Adobe Express for Nonprofits, which provides the premium version of Adobe Express free to nonprofits to help changemakers around the world quickly and easily make standout content.

This innovative platform helps organizations easily create stunning social graphics, short videos and web pages to accelerate their mission and drive greater impact.

Valley where many children are faced with considerable social and economic challenges on a daily basis.

I'm an early adopter of Adobe Express and I love it.

I use it to create campaigns from start to finish.

I go in there and I create social assets and with the click of a button, I can resize them for any platform.

I can make impact graphics for our campaign pages.

Hayley Walker, Marketing and Development Manager, R.O.C.K.

We are enabling sustainability at scale across industries through our commitment to reducing our impact on the planet, developing digital products that enable our customers and communities to reduce physical waste and cut emissions, and working with our peers, partners, and employees to foster a culture of sustainability.

As Adobe continues to advance our corporate sustainability goals, we recognize that we can and must do more to further reduce our environmental impact.

Continuing our engagements globally with policymakers and external advocacy groups in support of policy initiatives that foster a more sustainable society and help slow climate change.

Adobe unveiled the Adobe Substance 3D Sustainability Calculator, which delivers data and benchmarks for sustainability initiatives tied to 3D design.

Adobe’s 3D and immersive media innovations enable companies like Nike to advance its sustainability goals by transforming physical product manufacturing to highly efficient digital workflows.

Investments in Adobe’s 3D design tools are helping HUGO BOSS support the company’s efforts around sustainable fashion.

For suppliers and vendors, teams can review designs digitally, bypassing the need to create and ship samples back and forth.

Adobe’s commitment to sustainability and climate action is evident throughout our product offerings, operations, and partnerships and advocacy efforts.

We have achieved significant progress in recent years.

Adobe’s sustainability values are grounded in innovation.

As we work to change the world through digital experiences, we also help companies and creators work more efficiently and sustainably.

Adobe Document Cloud As a pioneer in the paper to digital transformation, Document Cloud continues to have a real and measurable impact on the environment globally.

Document Cloud enables paperless productivity for millions of businesses and individuals worldwide.

Adobe PDF PDF is the de facto global standard for digital document workflows.

The introduction of PDF in 1993 provided a universal way to communicate, enabling a mass migration from paper to digital documents.

Last year alone more than 400 billion PDFs were opened in Adobe products.

The majority of the Fortune 500, hundreds of government organizations, thousands of small businesses and millions of individuals use Document Cloud’s digital document and e signature solutions instead of paper based processes every day.

Documents created, signed, shared and stored in Document Cloud drive a 95% reduction in environmental impact compared with paper based processes.

Each year in the U.S. alone, Adobe Document Cloud transforms what would have been 30 billion paper documents into digital workflows, saving the equivalent of 3.2 billion gallons of water, 1.1 billion pounds of wood, 177 million pounds of waste, 2.7.

PDFs opened using Adobe products in 2022 billion pounds of greenhouse gas and 1.1 billion kWh of energy.

The 8 billion electronic and digital signature transactions processed through Adobe Document Cloud in the past year saved 840 million liters of water and 248,000 trees, and is equivalent to taking over.

This useful tool enables customers to understand how Adobe Document Cloud can help make their business more sustainable by saving time, resources, emissions and costs.

According to our Calculator’s estimates, for every 1 million pages signed daily via Adobe Acrobat Sign more than 27 million gallons of water, 1.5 million pounds of waste and 23.4 million pounds of CO2 emissions are avoided.

Operational sustainability is a hallmark of Adobe, inspiring us to build LEED and green certified offices, set a 100% renewable electricity goal, and establish science based climate targets.

We are working with suppliers to encourage renewable energy across our major sites, including the completion of them to set their own science based climate targets our Founders Tower which opened in January 2023 the first all electric and improve the transparency and accuracy of disclosures.

Valley we’re not just on track but ahead of our original 2035 renewable providers to discuss joint action on climate targets and electricity goal and plan to meet this by 2025.

Photo Credit: Courtesy of Gensler Jason O'Rear Photography the development of refined reporting methodology to help customers understand the emissions associated with the delivery of Adobe products and services.

When it comes to sustainability, no single organization can go it alone.

We work with our customers, industry peers and partners to use our collective voice to affect change.

We partner with a variety of organizations and trade and technology associations around the world to scale our reach and drive lasting impact.

For more details on Adobe’s commitment to the environment, read our Sustainability Policy.

Many of our priorities, outcomes and impacts and thereby our performance on CSR issues.

Year 2022, from Dec. 4, 2021 to Dec. 2, 2022, and all financial across social, environment and governance practices.

As the most pressing social and environmental issues that we face on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Diversity and Inclusion Report into this CSR review going forward.

Along with additional materials on the Corporate Responsibility, relate to social and environmental responsibility.

Inclusion sections of our website, this report provides an overview to the continued improvement, accuracy and sophistication of our of the priority areas of where Adobe, its employees and its corporate social responsibility information.

To this end, Adobe’s partners are making meaningful, positive impacts on society.

Corporate Social Responsibility function collaborates across the company to collect, organize and validate the data used in this report.

We welcome your questions, comments and feedback at createchange adobe.com.

She is known for her illustrations inspired by the moments, situations and characters she finds all around her.

Academy of Printing and her range of work includes commercial illustration, book illustration, cover design, editorial illustration, poster design and animation.

The report does not cover all information about our business.

References in this report to information should not be construed compliance of third parties with our policies and procedures, as a characterization regarding the materiality of such our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and information to our financial results or for purposes of the U.S. geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well securities laws.

While certain matters discussed in this report as the factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of Adobe’s may be significant, any significance should not be read as most recent periodic reports on Form 10 K and Form 10 Q necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the and subsequent filings.

Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements update any forward looking statements or information, regarding our plans, initiatives, projections, goals, commitments, which speak as of their respective dates.

Readers should not and strategies and related business and stakeholder impacts.

These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual in this report.

Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, results may differ materially from any future results expressed metrics, and measurements used in preparing this report or implied by the forward looking statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, be considered guarantees.

Given the inherent uncertainty of assumptions not being realized, global sociodemographic the estimates, assumptions, and timelines contained in this and economic trends, changing government regulations, report, we may not be able to anticipate whether or the evolving sustainability strategies, scientific or technological degree to which we will be able to meet our plans, targets, developments, climate related conditions and weather events, or goals in advance.

Digital Media: We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by modernizing how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content.

Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Express, Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, Premiere Pro, Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign and many more products, offering a variety of tools for creative professionals, communicators and other consumers.

This is the core of what we have delivered to users for decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our business model to provide our customers with a range of flexible solutions that allow them to reach their full creative potential anytime, anywhere, on any device and on projects of all types.

Digital Experience: We provide an integrated platform and set of applications and services through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable brands and businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences that span from analytics to commerce.

Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C suite.

The foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses and brands with an open and extensible system for customer experience management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights driven by AI to enable the delivery of personalized digital experiences across various channels in milliseconds.

Entered into a definitive agreement under which we intend to acquire Figma, Inc.

In FY22, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY22, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY22, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

Please see Item 1A (Risk Factors) in Adobe's Annual report: Form 10 K for risks related to the operations of our business.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

Prior to that, Leadership was defined as employees who are director level and above with at least one full time employee direct report.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by 3% due to the larger data set.

Prior to that, Leadership was defined as employees who are director level and above with at least one full time employee direct report.

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by 3% due to the larger data set.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who technical products.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

Ergonomics Program: Employees can email ergonomics adobe.com or submit an ergonomic request through our internal network.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

For health and safety concerns employees can email safety adobe.com or contact the Global Security Operations Center 24 7 at 1 (408) 536 4444 (ext.

Adobe Help Line: Employees can call 6 HELP and email ERC adobe.com, and internal and external stake holders can email the Compliance Office at integrity adobe.com or call 1 (800) 300 1026.

The provider transitioned from an estimate based approach to metered consumption.

As Adobe produces digital products that do not contribute to the physical waste stream, waste metrics reported here represent our operational waste from Adobe owned buildings and buildings where we hold a long term lease.

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report Create change.

Our mission to Change the World Through Digital Experiences is relevant both in the midst of crisis and in the best of times.

We remain committed to using the power of creativity to change the world by championing our employees, empowering every voice, lifting our communities, and building a sustainable future.