Our Approach to Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) .

We value and welcome feedback from all stakeholders.

Please send comments or questions about this report to ESG Amgen.com.

Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Government Affairs and Public Policy .

About This Report This report describes our progress from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022.

The content is informed by our ongoing monitoring of internal and external stakeholder perspectives, direct interactions with stakeholders, a review of relevant reporting standards and frameworks, and internal analyses of the alignment of environmental, social governance (ESG) topics with our strategy, mission and values.

All of our worldwide business operations are included in this report unless otherwise stated.

Throughout this report, we guide readers to additional sources of information online.

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index .

Biotechnology Pharmaceuticals Sustainability Accounting Standard, as well as the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) reporting standard.

Information contained on our website is not intended to be part of this report.

COVER IMAGES: (upper left to right) Laonis, who lives with asthma, participated in Amgen’s 2022 Mission Week (see page 4) drought tolerant succulents at our Thousand Oaks headquarters in California associate scientist Sevda Pouraghaei Sevari in an Amgen discovery research lab (bottom left) senior manager Ben Lee and senior associate Kate Barkley helping to scale processes and evaluate new technologies at our Drug Substance Pilot Plant.

Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics.

This approach begins by using tools such as advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.

OUR BELIEF and the core of our strategy is that innovative, highly differentiated medicines that provide large clinical benefits in addressing serious diseases are medicines that will not only help patients, but also help reduce the social and economic burden of disease on society today.

Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry.

Create value for patients, employees and stockholders.

In September 2022, Amgen hosted Mission Week, a global endeavor by our Company to learn from and be inspired by patients.

Our employees came together with patients and their advocates to discuss some of society’s most challenging diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis and asthma.

More than 35 Amgen locations and sites held local Mission Week events.

It just reminded all of us that no matter what our role, our work matters, said Amgen employee Passant El Khatib, who is based in Cairo, Egypt.

Our work makes an impact, and it can significantly improve not just patients’ lives, but also those of their families, their loved ones and societies at large.

Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people’s lives.

A biotechnology pioneer, Amgen has grown to be one of the world’s leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world, and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.

We focus our research primarily in three therapeutic areas: inflammation oncology hematology and general medicine.

For more than 40 years, our Company has contributed to the greater good primarily by discovering developing innovative medicines that make a meaningful difference for people living with some of the world’s most serious illnesses, including cancer and heart disease.

Amgen is also a leader in developing and manufacturing biosimilars (medications that are biologically similar to existing biologic treatments), which have the potential to offer more affordable treatment options for serious diseases.

Amgen is also a member of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

I am pleased to introduce Amgen’s latest Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) Report.

For more than 40 years, our Company has contributed to the greater good primarily by discovering and developing innovative medicines that make a meaningful difference for people living with some of the world’s most serious illnesses, including cancer and heart disease.

We now have 27 medicines that reached approximately 10 million patients globally in 2022.

As the world’s population rapidly grows older, we know that millions more people can potentially benefit from these treatments.

We also invest billions of dollars a year in fact, more than 20 billion over the past five years in the pursuit of new medicines for diseases where new treatment options are urgently needed.

Facilitating patient access to needed medicines is an extension of our mission to serve patients.

We provided 2.2 billion1 of our medicines during 2022 at no cost to eligible uninsured or underinsured patients in the United States through the Amgen Safety Net Foundation.2 We also expanded the BLINCYTO Humanitarian Access Program, making this important cancer treatment available to more children around the world.

In the United States, we are focused on closing health equity gaps related to lung cancer and cardiovascular disease among Black Americans and severe asthma among Hispanic Americans two historically underserved populations.

As we serve increasingly diverse patients, we are working hard to improve the racial, ethnic and gender diversity of our workforce.

Women now hold close to half of roles at the executive director level and above, and members of ethnic minorities hold close to one third of such roles in the United States.

Additionally, during 2022 we saw a 70% increase in Employee Resource Group (ERG) chapters around the world.

Through the Amgen Foundation,2 we are also working to advance excellence in science education to inspire the next generation of innovators, with a particular focus on young people who may not have ready access to top quality science education.

Among the educational initiatives supported by the Amgen Foundation is LabXchange, a free, online science education platform developed at Harvard University.

This platform enables students to conduct experiments using interactive simulations that feature equipment used in state of the art biotechnology laboratories.

In 2022, LabXchange reached nearly 12 million new users around the world, and the Amgen Foundation announced new funding that more than doubled its previous financial commitment to support LabXchange’s goal of reaching 50 million users by 2025.

Reductions take into account only verified reduction projections, do not take into account changes associated with the contraction or expansion of the Company, and are measured against a 2019 baseline.

And we are further embedding environmental sustainability into the business as we expand our operations with two new biomanufacturing facilities, one in Ohio and the other in North Carolina.

Currently under construction, both exemplify Amgen EcovationTM our approach to innovative and sustainable manufacturing, which we embed into the upfront design, develop ment and execution of all new laboratory, manufacturing and administrative buildings by using cutting edge technologies to be much more efficient and environmentally friendly than traditional plants, supporting our 2027 carbon neutrality goal.

I invite you to explore this report to learn more about Amgen’s ESG performance during 2022.

We are pleased with our progress to date and eager to do more.

Amgen’s approach to corporate responsibility starts with our mission to serve patients and is executed through our ESG framework.

From our endeavors to strengthen science education and inspire the next generation of scientists, to expanding access to healthcare worldwide and pursuing a more environmentally sustainable business model, our mission guides how we do what we do.

Amgen’s ESG framework is built on four strategic pillars: Healthy People, Healthy Society, Healthy Planet and A Healthy Amgen.

This framework addresses the interconnectivity of issues across our business and helps us integrate these activities more closely with our long term strategy.

Amgen continues to integrate ESG across our organization.

Our 2022 Company annual incentive plan performance goals include an ESG target to hold ourselves accountable to our 2027 environmental sustainability goals and to expand the number of leaders directly responsible for action in support of our diversity, inclusion and belonging program.

ESG Accountability Begins at the Top The Amgen Board of Directors (Board) and its applicable committees oversee Amgen’s ESG strategy.

The Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee assists the Board with oversight of Amgen’s activities in areas that include environmental sustainability, access to healthcare and corporate philanthropy.

The Board’s Compensation and Management Development Committee has oversight of human capital management including diversity, inclusion and belonging.

The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees the Company’s corporate governance activities and Board membership.

The Audit Committee provides oversight of our disclosure controls and procedures, including those supporting our ESG reporting metrics.

Our cross functional, executive level ESG Council sets and reviews the Company’s ESG strategy and programs.

The Council is chaired by the senior vice president of Corporate Affairs.

Four initiative steering committees (ISCs), each aligned with one of our four strategic pillars, support the ESG Council.

Each ISC coordinates the implementation of the strategy for its respective pillar and integrates our ESG strategy into the Company’s activities with the support of subject matter expert working teams.

ISC members also help identify emerging ESG issues that could impact Amgen’s business, employees, communities or stakeholders and, when appropriate, raise them with the ESG Council for discussion and analysis.

Periodic stakeholder perspective assessments, which analyze the perspectives of both internal and external stakeholders.

Amgen conducted its latest assessment in 2021 and plans to conduct its next in 2023.

Direct and indirect interactions with stakeholders, including investors, patients, healthcare professionals and patient advocacy organizations.

Monitoring the alignment and integration of ESG with Amgen’s strategy, mission and values.

We also review and are working to report in alignment with the principles of relevant ESG reporting standards and frameworks such as CDP, SASB, TCFD, and the UN Global Compact and Sustainable Development Goals.

In the chart to the right, our key ESG priorities are shown in relation to the four strategic pillars.

We focus on removing barriers that limit access to healthcare so that people can live their healthiest lives.

We work toward a more just society for our employees and the people we serve.

We prioritize sustainability and aim to minimize our environmental impact to preserve natural resources for generations to come.

We hold ourselves to high standards in our operations and continually strive to reflect Amgen values in our culture, products and strategy.

As a global biopharmaceutical company focused on improving human health, we recognize we can play a role in contributing to the achievement of the United Nations (U.N.) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

We contribute to nine of them through our core business, corporate philanthropy, and the activities of our foundations.

Amgen strives to serve patients by transforming the promise of science and biotechnology into therapies that have the power to restore health or save lives.

In everything we do, we aim to fulfill our mission to serve patients.

In 2022, our portfolio includes 27 approved medicines with many promising new medicines in our pipeline.

We invested 4.4 billion in research and development in 2022, with three quarters of the molecules in our pipeline representing potential first in class medicines for serious diseases.

At a time when healthcare costs are rising, we aspire to contribute to a more sustainable healthcare system by providing more therapeutic options through our biosimilar medicines.

In 2022, we generated positive Phase 3 clinical trial data for three of our biosimilar candidates, positioning us to be in the first wave of these launches in the coming years.

See the Biosimilar Trends Report published in 2022.

Focus on removing barriers that limit access to healthcare so that people can live their healthiest lives.

Bring clinical trial research directly to the communities where people live and work.

In 2022, we provided 2.2 billion4 of Amgen medicines at no cost to eligible uninsured or underinsured patients in the United States through the Amgen Safety Net Foundation5.

Amgen, through its qualified partners, provided 91 million4 of Amgen medicines at no cost to underserved patients in eight low and middle income countries.

In 2022, we established a Patient Experience Council model that includes racially and ethnically diverse patients, caregivers, providers, advocates and community representatives to help inform our clinical trial design and execution.

Advance policies and practices in support of achieving health equity so that more people have an opportunity to improve their health outcomes.

With support from Amgen, the National Hispanic Council on Aging conducted surveys and focus groups in 2022 to better understand the Hispanic community’s knowledge, attitudes and beliefs about asthma.

Findings and recommendations were shared with U.S. policymakers.

Inspire the next generation of scientists and foster future problem solvers wherever they are.

With the support of the Amgen Foundation5, LabXchange, a free, online science education platform developed at Harvard University, reached nearly 12 million new users in 2022, of which more than 80% were in low and lower middle income countries.

Engage students with diverse perspectives and backgrounds by helping to remove barriers to access to quality science education.

The Amgen Foundation6 sponsored Khan Academy’s biology resources, which brought free, high quality biology education to 11.5 million learners around the world in 2022.

Increase the representation and development of women in executive director and above roles (global).

In 2022, 45% of Amgen’s workforce at the executive director level and above were women (global).

Increase the representation of Black people in science, technology, engineering and mathematics based roles (U.S.).

In 2022, 4% of Amgen’s workforce in the U.S. were Black African American.

Increase the representation and development of Black and Hispanic people in executive director and above roles (U.S.).

In 2022, 32% of Amgen’s workforce at the executive director level and above in the U.S. and Puerto Rico were minorities.

Endeavor to create a work environment where each employee is able to bring their whole self to work, to have their voice heard and to feel a sense of belonging.

In 2022, we increased the number of Amgen Employee Resource Group (ERG) chapters around the world by 70%.

We also launched our 12th ERG, known as RIVER (Recognition of Indigenous Peoples, Values Environmental Resources), as a first step in increasing social awareness around the history and diversity of Indigenous Peoples.

We decreased water use to achieve 23% of our 2027 targeted reduction from a 2019 baseline.

By 2027, achieve carbon neutrality for Amgen owned and operated facilities and operations.

We decreased Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions to achieve 45% of our 2027 targeted reduction from a 2019 baseline.

Underlying our carbon neutrality goal are our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and Scope 3 supplier engagement targets, which were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)9 in 2022.

We decreased waste disposed to achieve 39% of our 2027 targeted reduction from a 2019 baseline.

Reductions take into account only verified reduction projections, do not take into account contraction or expansion of the Company and are measured against a 2019 baseline.

Amgen’s Puerto Rico site has been instrumental to advancing our mission to serve patients while supporting our staff and the local community for three decades.

Puerto Rico exemplifies our ESG framework in action as demonstrated by their decades long focus on Healthy People, Healthy Society, Healthy Planet and A Healthy Amgen, said Lori Hunt, Amgen’s ESG lead.

Creating a Family in Puerto Rico While Amgen’s operations in Puerto Rico have grown significantly since 1992, one thing has stayed the same the site’s focus on helping its employees grow and thrive.

In 1992, Amgen opened its site (now known as Amgen Manufacturing Limited or AML) in Juncos, Puerto Rico, to meet the growing demand for the Company’s biologic medicines, and today, the site has approximately 2,600 employees.

During the past three decades, AML has invested approximately 4 billion into the state of the art biologics manufacturing campus that operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week, supplying Amgen products to patients in approximately 100 countries.

Maritza Mercado Soto started at AML during its first year, and continues to work there today.

I have felt very proud of working at AML and, as I look back, I can say one of the reasons I stayed so long is because it felt like a partnership, said Mercado Soto.

Working here, knowing medicines have been made and distributed to patients all over the world to help them has been gratifying.

But working at AML has also allowed me to pay off the home we built, care for my husband, who had become disabled, and send my children to school.

AML offers employees opportunities to advance their careers and build their skills.

For example, the Fuel Your Potential Emerging Talent Rotational Program offers opportunities based on employees’ career stage from early career and future leaders to executives.

The program includes cross functional rotation opportunities, leadership training and mentoring.

For Omayra B ez, who began working at the site in 1994, the journey from temporary worker to full time employee and her designation as a team leader felt like nothing she’d experienced before.

I remembered my beginnings as a quality control sampler and then just years later becoming a leader where my vision was reached it felt like a dream, she said.

A Bright Future AML is proud of its 30 years on the island.

Puerto Rico is an important component of Amgen’s global operations and its ability to help patients live longer, healthier lives throughout the world, said Brenda Torres, vice president of Amgen site operations in Puerto Rico.

And we’re also a proud member of our local community, supporting our employees, neighbors and businesses.

We have grown together and look forward to an even brighter future.

For example, when Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico we provided a broad safety net of resources for AML employees, including financial assistance and pay continuity.

We also offered onsite access to basic goods and services for employees, including food, laundry services, ice and generators.

Employees could also access our onsite gasoline station when most on the island remained closed.

Additionally, we supported our employees’ emotional well being through resiliency webinars and by providing tools to help during difficult times.

Protecting the Island’s Natural Resources As Amgen’s largest biomanufacturing facility, AML is committed to environmental protection and sustainability.

One essential element required in biologic manufacturing is water, which is also a precious resource for the community.

Focused on reducing the site’s environmental footprint, engineers successfully developed ways to reuse and significantly improve the overall efficiency of the site’s water use and refine the wastewater treatment process.

Since its creation 15 years ago, the site’s wastewater treatment plant has maintained a perfect record of compliance.

In 2022, the site was awarded gold level recognition for its sustainability efforts in the categories of water conservation and sanitary waste by the Puerto Rico Manufacturers Association.

Beyond its physical site, AML gives its employees and families an opportunity to participate in environmental sustainability efforts across the island.

AML also supports the island’s environment and biodiversity by working with nonprofits to share knowledge about composting, recycling and protecting natural habitats and local bird species.

Supporting Our Community AML is proud to be part of the Juncos and greater Puerto Rico community where thousands of our staff members live and work.

Through its work with local suppliers, AML generates an estimated 1,900 indirect jobs.

Since 1992, the Amgen Foundation has donated more than 14 million to community based nonprofits in Puerto Rico to support science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education, social justice and other programs.

Amgen and the Amgen Foundation have provided disaster relief support to local communities, including funding to assist in the rebuilding of eight local schools and two universities after Hurricane Maria.

Experience, the Amgen Foundation is helping the University of Puerto Rico bring hands on biotechnology labs into high schools across the island.

Since 2008, this program has made it possible for more than 70,000 Puerto Rican students to be exposed to science education and biotechnology in their classrooms.

We focus on removing barriers that limit access to healthcare so that people can live their healthiest lives.

Established a multi year partnership with City Cancer Challenge and Direct Relief to support health system strengthening and management of breast cancer in Asunci n, Paraguay.

Launched a new Patient Experience Council model to support clinical development programs with high unmet needs among communities of color.

For more than 40 years, Amgen’s commitment to science and innovation has helped patients live longer, healthier lives.

We support initiatives to advance health equity so that more people can experience the benefits of science, including improved access to life saving medicines and care.

We use a portfolio of approaches to address challenges to access, working with governments, patient groups, civil society and other partners.

Our commitment to patients, science and innovation motivates us to remove barriers that limit access to high quality medicine and healthcare.

These barriers are present around the world, but they vary significantly by geography and community, and tend to be particularly high in those communities that have been historically underserved.

At least half of the world’s population cannot obtain essential health services.12 The complexity of the world’s healthcare challenges is growing as is the nature of the global disease burden.

Aging populations and unhealthy lifestyles are fueling a rise in noncommunicable conditions, driving an increase in disability and early death, and putting additional pressure on healthcare systems.

Making our products more accessible through responsible pricing, patient support programs and targeted donation programs.

Working to address underlying social factors that can have a greater impact on health than clinical factors.

Working with partners to strengthen health systems and advance health equity by:.

Enhancing the knowledge, skills and expertise of health workers to deliver proven, science based care.

Supporting patients and their caregivers throughout their healthcare journey, from diagnosis and screening to treatment adherence.

Educating patients and improving health literacy and cultural competency.

Increasing the representation of racial and ethnic minority patient populations in clinical trials and.

Strengthening community and care support systems that impact access to healthcare for underresourced communities.

Amgen’s medicines make a difference to those facing serious illnesses.

Together with partners and stakeholders, we are working to overcome access challenges and improve healthcare capabilities.

Providing access to our medicines is an extension of Amgen’s mission to serve patients.

Through our access to healthcare programs, we work with partners to expand access to our medicines and support efforts to strengthen healthcare systems to better serve patients in need worldwide.

Innovative medicines offer the best opportunity to effectively manage disease and contain long term healthcare costs.

Amgen remains focused on delivering medicines that make a significant difference for patients suffering from serious diseases.

Responsible Pricing Each year since 2018, the average net price for Amgen medicines has declined, but this downward trend has not uniformly resulted in lower costs for patients filling their prescriptions.

This is especially true in the United States, where the prescription drug system is complicated by multiple intermediaries that chip away at patient savings.

Amgen understands that the cost of prescription drugs is a concern for many people, and we are committed to the responsible pricing of our medicines.

Helping Control Healthcare Costs With four decades of biologics expertise, Amgen now has a portfolio of 11 biosimilar products intended to target serious diseases, including five approved biosimilars currently launched in the United States.

As biosimilars become more widely available, they have the potential to help control costs for patients, payers and health systems.

This was just one of the findings from the ninth edition of Amgen’s Biosimilar Trends Report, published in 2022.

According to the report, in the second quarter of 2022 alone, savings in drug spend in the United States due to biosimilar availability were estimated to be 3.2 billion.

In the United States over the past six years, cumulative savings in drug spend for classes with biosimilar competition was estimated to have been 21 billion.

Addressing Barriers The Amgen Safety Net Foundation (ASNF)13 helps qualifying patients in the United States gain access to Amgen medicines at no cost.

Additionally, we sponsor over 200 patient support programs in 44 countries that provide a variety of services with the objective of reducing the burden of disease and improving patient access, experience and adherence.

These support programs are designed to address specific needs in those countries examples include financial assistance, home nurse visits, equipment donations, injection support, transportation to medical appointments and medication reminders.

Reaching Patients in Low and Middle Income Countries Building on our ongoing efforts, Amgen has increased its staffing dedicated to access to healthcare in low and middle income countries.

Reporting to the Chief Medical Officer, this team oversees Amgen’s access strategy in these countries and is working to build long term partnerships focused on improving health systems and helping provide medicines to those who need them.

Partnering for Good In 2022, we launched a joint, multi year initiative with Direct Relief and City Cancer Challenge to support breast cancer patients in Paraguay.

The initiative is working to improve the local healthcare system and establish a standardized methodology to support treatment and management of breast cancer.

We are collaborating with Direct Relief to deliver Amgen donated medicines to specialized cancer treatment centers in the capital, Asunci n.

Together with St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and Direct Relief, we continued to expand the reach of the BLINCYTO Humanitarian Access Program (BHAP).

First launched in 2021 in India and Pakistan, the program helps qualified hospitals treat pediatric cancer patients with B cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).

ALL is the most common form of leukemia in children and, if left untreated, can be fatal within weeks.

Through BHAP, hospitals receive BLINCYTO at no cost, together with medical training and ongoing administration and patient care support.

In 2022, BHAP expanded to a third hospital in Pakistan, and we are working to expand the program in 2023 to hospitals in Vietnam and Egypt.

Amgen also joined the Access to Oncology Medicines (ATOM) Coalition, founded by the Union for International Cancer Control.

This global coalition seeks to increase access to essential cancer medicines in low and middle income countries.

Strengthening Healthcare Systems and Advocating for Better Care In addition to working with organizations to help expand access to our medicines, Amgen collaborates with partners to help address the underlying barriers to access and improve health outcomes for patients around the world.

Amgen helps improve health outcomes for patients around the world.

Our Support Teamed up with Colorectal Cancer Canada to raise awareness of the importance of colorectal screening and uninterrupted treatment.

We also supported healthcare system strengthening through a series of thought leadership roundtables with patients, physicians, healthcare system leaders and researchers, which led to the development of a peer mentorship program and expansion of endoscopy services to private clinics.

To help get care to more patients faster, the country is working to leverage new digital technologies in health.

Our Support Partnered with ABRALE, the Brazilian Association of Lymphoma and Leukemia, and the local medical society to launch an awareness and advocacy campaign on unmet treatment needs of pediatric patients with high risk relapsed ALL, the most common form of leukemia in children.

Through a multimedia campaign, we reached more than 1.5 million people and successfully expanded access to BLINCYTO through its inclusion in the country’s public health system.

Our Support Worked with local universities, hospitals and other partners to develop a first of its kind in Europe Master of Health Data Science Innovation program to help health professionals build the skills needed to reap the benefits of new digital technologies.

We also worked with patient societies, regional health services and other partners to launch telehealth programs to support home care for onco hematological patients and rehabilitation for patients who have suffered a hip fracture or have had a cardiovascular event.

Our Support Sponsored programs that support the country’s healthy aging goals, including those focused on bone health, and worked to raise awareness about osteoporosis.

Also established the China Osteoporosis Registry Network, in partnership with the Institute of Science and Technology of the National Health Commission and the Chinese Society of Osteoporosis and Bone Mineral Research, to work toward a future where patients at risk of a bone fracture can be effectively identified, diagnosed, treated and managed.

Our Support Partnered with the National Health System and Swansea University to pilot a new approach to identifying patients at high risk of cardiovascular events and to seek to prevent the occurrence of such events.

Through this pilot, the local healthcare system will work with pharmacist led clinics to engage with high risk patients, raise their awareness of the risk they face, monitor their care, and manage medications, as needed.

This pilot will measure success based on improvements in patient outcomes and savings to the healthcare system.

Value of Amgen medicines provided at no cost for distribution to low and middle income countries through qualified partners between 2018 and 2022.

In 2022, our qualified partners distributed Amgen donated medicines to support underserved patients in eight countries, including in response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.

In 2022, Amgen provided 72,399 units of medicine through qualified partners to support treatment for patients in low and middle income countries.

Value of medicines provided at no cost to eligible uninsured or underinsured patients in the United States through the Amgen Safety Net Foundation.

Paris, as a qualifying patient under ASNF, make her want to claw at her skin.

Sometimes it hurt too much to put clothes over it to cover them.

Taking a shower, she said, was like bathing and its territories.

Since 2008, almost 13 billion worth of medicines21 have helped hundreds of thousands of patients.

Providing Help and Hope When she visited her dermatologist, he suggested a treatment that might offer a respite.

Lee Paris from Leitchfield, Kentucky, was one of those patients when she visited her doctor for help with her psoriasis in 2019.

Psoriasis is a long term skin disease that causes a rash with itchy, scaly patches.

It can be painful, interfere with sleep and make it hard to concentrate.

The condition tends to go through cycles, flaring for a few weeks or months, then subsiding for a while.

When I was a child, I wore knee socks to school because the plaques on my legs were so heavy that my legs would split open and bleed.

Addressing health disparities helps to expand access to solutions and improve health outcomes for people in underserved communities.

It also allows us to gain unique perspectives and understanding that help us better meet the needs of patients.

At Amgen, our health equity efforts are focused on expanding access to clinical trial participation among historically underserved populations, facilitating comprehensive health education, and engaging with community support systems.

Building on our health equity vision and strategic imperatives established in 2021, in 2022 we announced three targeted ambition areas to focus our efforts on closing health equity gaps.

The announcement, made at Amgen’s 9th Annual Health Equity Summit, was the culmination of more than 12 months of discussion with community organizations, patient advocacy groups, nonprofit leaders, Amgen employees and Amgen leadership.

The three areas selected lung cancer and cardiovascular disease in Black Americans and severe asthma in Hispanic Americans align with Amgen’s therapeutic expertise and serve areas of high inequity in patient care and outcomes.

We are initially focusing on three geographies Georgia, Florida and New York where the affected populations and associated health disparities are highly prevalent.

To achieve our ambitions, Amgen will work with members of the broader healthcare ecosystem in each state using a community centric approach.

Together with local community partners, nonprofit organizations, advocacy organizations and the healthcare community, we will co develop pilot programs and targeted activities.

Each pilot will include an impact measurement plan and key performance indicators.

While our initial strategy is focused on the United States, Amgen intends to scale and adapt our health equity work to additional populations, geographies and diseases over time.

Ambition One: Reduce disparities in early access to biomarker and diagnostic test utilization for lung cancer in Black Americans in Georgia over the next 3 5 years.

Ambition Two: Increase support for and utilization of high quality, culturally competent patient care navigation services for cardiovascular disease in Black Americans in Florida over the next 3 5 years.

Ambition Three: Improve quality of care by mitigating care continuum disparities for severe asthma in Hispanic Americans in New York over the next 3 5 years.

Shining a Spotlight on Health Inequities We are collaborating with a wide range of organizations to discuss issues and solutions around disparities in health outcomes.

Cancer Action Network biomarker testing access resolution.

Leadership Council, resulting in a report with recommendations for both industry and government.

Focus Area: Representative Product Development Racial and ethnic minority populations continue to be significantly underrepresented in clinical trials.

This can significantly contribute to and reinforce inequities that exist in health access and delivery.

We are working to reverse this trend by addressing some of the root causes that deter people from participating in research.

More representative patient populations in clinical trials will help enable more accurate diagnoses, expand access to therapies and optimize treatment outcomes for patients, irrespective of a specific therapy or clinical trial.

Amgen’s Representation in Clinical Research team, also known as RISE, is leading our efforts in six key areas (see chart on right).

Evolve the way we design and run clinical trials, focusing on people who have been historically underrepresented from clinical research.

Partner with clinical trial investigators who are representative of the participants they are aiming to recruit.

Help bring the research directly to the communities where people live and work.

Change how researchers communicate with patients, caregivers and providers.

Enhance precision medicine awareness and improve genetic diversity in translational science.

Collaborate with national and community organizations.

Established a new Patient Experience Council (PEC) model that includes racially and ethnically diverse patients, caregivers, providers, advocates and community representatives to help inform our clinical trial design and execution.

Developed the Analytical Trial Optimization Module known as ATOMIC, which leverages machine learning to pull and analyze data to help us identify clinical trial sites.

In particular, ATOMIC can help us select clinical trial investigators and sites with a high potential to enroll historically excluded patient groups.

Launched the RISE Dashboard, an internal reporting tool that provides an overview of both historical and real time anonymized demographic information for participants enrolled in Amgen clinical trials.

The dashboard will play a critical role in helping us identify areas of low enrollment by demographic group, inform future enrollment and retention goals, and track our progress over time.

We are also working outside of Amgen to use data and digital tools to connect more patients from underrepresented groups to clinical trials.

For example, Amgen is supporting a two year pilot program with the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network to test an eligibility screening intervention intended to increase and diversify patient enrollment in cancer clinical trials.

We also collaborated with the Digital Medicine Society (DiMe) on a stakeholder led project to develop resources to help clinical study teams incorporate technology into their trial design and trial related outreach in ways that are inclusive and equitable for participants.

Focus Area: Comprehensive Health Education We are focused on helping to equip patients with information they need to access healthcare services, manage chronic conditions more effectively and make informed choices about their health.

By increasing patient, caregiver and provider access to culturally relevant health education we can champion health within historically underserved communities.

Health Education Advocacy Learning (HEAL) Collaborative: Together with local cancer advocacy organizations, HEAL piloted the first Black American community based lung cancer education and awareness workshop series in Atlanta and Albany, Georgia.

Attendees at the church based events included cancer survivors, advocacy groups, community leaders and healthcare providers.

A social media campaign supported the series with patient testimonials, interviews with specialists and HEAL Shorts with community influencers.

American Heart Association’s EmPOWERED to Serve platform: Designed to inspire and increase the knowledge and confidence of health education and community advocacy volunteers in underresourced communities, Amgen supported the Association’s efforts for the second year of this three year initiative.

Since the program began, more than 30 community based organizations have used the Association’s learning resources.

Amgen collaborated with StoryCorps to launch the Every Patient Counts.

Through personal audio stories, the series illuminates the shared experiences of individuals either facing health disparities or working to change such disparities in cardiovascular disease, asthma and cancer.

Improving health equity requires changing systems that have a long history of inequitable care and services in the communities they are responsible to serve, said Murphy Barney, StoryCorps’ program lead for this partnership.

With this innately human process of storytelling, we can get a clearer picture of where and how we can support communities as they pursue health.

By talking with communities, not at them, we can learn more about how to make meaningful changes.

Cancer Wellness HUB program in Los Angeles: During the past two years, together with the University of Southern California’s Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center and the HUB Network, Lazarex joined with local community based organizations and schools to participate in events to bring cancer information to communities of color in a culturally and linguistically sensitive way.

Lazarex also hosted a speaker series to build community members’ trust in and address concerns about cancer, screening and treatment, and participation in clinical trials, as well as to build survivor skills.

In total, the HUB program provided cancer information to 3,300 individuals, most of whom identify as Latino, Black American or Asian.

Focus Area: Accessible and Inclusive Healthcare We are also working with partners to address social determinants of health that may contribute to disparities and barriers across the patient care continuum, from transportation to specialist access.

One example is our partnership with the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America on their new initiative, Health Equity Advancement and Leadership (HEAL) Innovation.

HEAL Innovation is a multi year, multi city initiative that will support local organizations with differently tailored programs to help at risk patients reduce their burden of asthma.

Amgen is exclusively sponsoring the first year of this initiative with a 1 million contribution, which will help fund four community based pilot programs.

One of these pilots is with the Breathe Southern California organization in Los Angeles.

This pilot will provide and reinforce asthma self management education in a culturally appropriate manner, address home environmental concerns to reduce asthma triggers and connect individuals families with resources to address barriers to care.

Amgen is also working to address health disparities facing Hispanic Americans living with asthma.

According to the Office of Minority Health of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Hispanics are twice as likely to visit the emergency department to treat their asthma and Hispanic children are 40% more likely to die from asthma, as compared to non Hispanic Whites.

With support from Amgen, the National Hispanic Council on Aging conducted surveys and focus groups in 2022 to better understand the Hispanic community’s knowledge, attitudes and beliefs about asthma.

Increase the community’s knowledge of asthma symptoms and treatments.

Empower the community to advocate for their health.

We work toward a more just society for our employees and the people we serve.

More than 90% of employees who responded to a survey reported they were happy that Amgen provides a more flexible work model.

The Amgen Foundation reached more than 23 million learners and educators worldwide through its four core science education programs.

Amgen was recognized with the Excellence in Supplier Diversity award from the Southern California Minority Supplier Development Council.

In addition to our core business of improving health outcomes through our medicines, we recognize our ability to positively impact society through our actions, investments and people.

We value and are focused on doing our part to build a more just, resilient and inclusive society, both within our own workplace and in the communities where we operate.

Creating a workplace that empowers our employees to thrive in their careers and beyond.

Attracting talent from diverse candidate pools and considering the full breadth of what an individual’s background and experience can bring to a role at Amgen, while striving to eliminate potential bias from the decision making process.

Providing employees with mentorship, sponsorship and career development opportunities to help them achieve their fullest potential.

Reviewing ratings, promotions and compensation of staff to help drive equity across the organization.

Providing employees with promotion and career development opportunities.

Prioritizing the safety and well being of our employees.

Working to create a work environment where each employee can bring their whole self to work, have their voice heard and feel a sense of belonging.

Beyond Amgen, we work with community leaders to explore and help address deeply rooted barriers to economic prosperity, equity and social justice, as well as expand economic opportunities within the communities in which we operate through our supplier initiatives.

We also collaborate with teachers and other partners to reimagine science education, improve science literacy and empower diverse thinkers.

And we engage with diverse suppliers and support local communities through job creation with the potential for better wages.

At Amgen, our employees bring innovation to life and make us who we are a leader in serving patients.

Our ability to deliver for patients is strengthened by attracting, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce of talented and engaged employees who believe in our mission and values.

As the way people work post pandemic continues to evolve, we are adapting how we recruit, develop and retain top talent from an array of fields and backgrounds.

This includes providing employees opportunities to develop their skills to build meaningful careers.

We are also taking a closer look at how we can better support the total health, safety and well being of our staff.

As of December 31, 2022, Amgen had approximately 25,200 staff members in over 50 countries, and we have had relatively low global turnover rates compared to available industry information.

Our Flexible Working Approach Following the COVID 19 pandemic, Amgen introduced a flexible workspace initiative that encourages eligible employees, working together with their manager, to choose the location best suited to their work.

Employees who choose to work virtually part or full time can continue to come to an Amgen site for daily work and or for activities that benefit from face to face collaboration, networking and recognition events.

To make flexible work successful, we introduced several tools and resources to manage the continued productivity of our hybrid and virtual teams.

Introducing New Ways to Hire, Develop and Retain the Best Talent In 2022, we introduced a new integrated talent strategy centered around our positive culture and delivering a high quality employee experience supported by empowered authentic and inclusive leaders.

Our approach includes amplifying our diverse hiring efforts and increasing our focus on employee learning and development.

Our flexible working approach allowed Amgen to hire from a broader range of geographies without requiring that employees relocate.

The result was greater access to diverse talent including in our priority areas of women in leadership and Black talent.

In 2022, 56% of new hires in remote roles in the United States represented diverse populations.

We also expanded our candidate pool through our early career hiring.

In addition, we introduced process enhancements, automated interview scheduling pilots and AI enabled chat bots into our hiring approach to improve the overall candidate experience and to share Amgen’s job opportunities with a wider variety of candidates.

For more information about our Inclusive Hiring Strategy, see Diversity, Inclusion Belonging.

Listening to feedback from our 2022 Pulse surveys, we heard that many employees would like more opportunities to grow their careers at Amgen.

Seeking to transform and expand development opportunities, we added new self directed courses and trainings to our improved online Learning Hub.

We piloted digital literacy self directed learning journeys to introduce employees to skills for the future.

We also piloted a virtual Talent Marketplace using machine learning that matches people’s developmental interests with short term or part time projects.

During the pilot, approximately 140 Amgen staff took on projects that provided hands on career and skills development.

We started scaling the program globally in November 2022.

Accelerating Our Digital Transformation Efforts Data science and technologies such as artificial intelligence are increasing rapidly across our industry from clinical trials and manufacturing to patient diagnostics and treatment.

Important to our success is having highly skilled Amgen employees equipped with capabilities in data science, software and data engineering, automation, information security and other areas requiring complex problem solving skills.

To help build the digital and technology skills of our staff, we’ve created a digital upskilling program that includes certifications and online courses.

Committed to Employee Health and Well Being From our competitive compensation programs to our progressive benefits and wellness programs, we work hard to support the health and well being of our employees and their families.

Our approach supports our ability to attract, motivate and retain talent.

It is designed to deliver cash, equity and benefits that are competitive with those offered by leading companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries.

Amgen remains committed to supporting our employees as they make important healthcare decisions in partnership with their doctors and obtain the medical care they need, regardless of where they live.

All regular U.S. employees are eligible to participate in the same core health, welfare, retirement and savings plans.

Globally, comparable benefit programs are offered with the same health and well being goals, while also designed to comply with local statutory requirements.

In 2022 in response to the evolving requirements of the COVID 19 pandemic and to continue to maintain employee safety while enabling greater flexibility for Amgen sites, we began shifting to a decentralized model for COVID 19 decision making.

This empowered our local teams to adjust COVID 19 safety guidance for their individual sites or regions such as the use of masks and other personal protective equipment, occupancy limits and temperature checks, testing based on local regulations and risk assessments of local epidemiology criteria.

We will continue to learn and adapt this approach as needed.

Supporting Employees’ Emotional Well Being All U.S. based Amgen employees have access to a behavioral health program that provides them and their dependents with mental healthcare.

Employees outside the United States are eligible for behavioral health support consistent with national health programs in their respective country and or via a supplemental program sponsored by Amgen.

Employees can use the program for a wide range of outpatient behavioral health conditions, including stress, anxiety, postpartum depression and other types of depression, relationship concerns and sleep disorders.

We also offer mental health resources to Amgen managers to help them recognize and respond to employees possibly in need of help.

In addition, we make available to our general workforce meditation and mindfulness programs, resilience training, mental and behavioral health workshops and parenting support resources.

We offer a variety of programs to help our employees better manage a range of health conditions.

For the second year in a row, we hosted a dedicated global safety, health and wellness month.

Sites offered AED CPR demonstrations, flu and COVID 19 vaccination clinics, biometric screenings and ergonomics tips.

Webinars were also available on a range of topics, including meditation practices and desk based stretching.

Respecting Human Rights Amgen believes in the inherent dignity of every human being, regardless of where they live or were born, economic status, religious beliefs, race, sexual orientation or expression, disability status or gender identity.

Additionally, as outlined in our Supplier Code of Conduct, we expect our suppliers to uphold the same human rights of their workers.

We monitor their compliance through our supplier assessment program (see Supplier Diversity).

For more information, see our Human Rights Commitment statement.

Prioritizing Employee Safety Our aspiration is for an accident free workplace.

Through comprehensive safety programs and ongoing education and training, we strive to maintain a robust safety culture for all employees and minimize work related injuries, illnesses and incidents.

Our safety policies are based on the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards.

We achieved our lowest ever recordable incident rate at 0.14 in 2022, continuing our placement in the top quartile among industry peers.23 This performance was driven by our focus on advancing an actively caring culture.

To address the unique needs of contractors, we have implemented a multi pronged contractor safety improvement plan.

Additionally, ergonomic incidents decreased by 75%.

This was due in part to new tools provided to help managers discuss ergonomic concerns with their teams and encourage self care practices.

In 2022, we reviewed our safety management system to identify potential improvement areas in our programs and processes.

We also continued to evolve our programs to adapt to our more flexible workplace approach.

All employees undergo safety training during new hire orientation and through our annual Code of Conduct training (see Business Ethics).

We also conduct regular safety engagement discussions between supervisors and frontline workers in our manufacturing and research facilities.

We encourage employees to offer safety observations and improvement suggestions during these discussions or through a safety event evaluation card.

We track injuries and near miss incidents in an online incident tracking system.

In 2022, our collision per million miles rate for our U.S. commercial fleet was 3.05, a 1% reduction from 2021.

By investing in our U.S. driver safety program, which includes the use of telematics to monitor driving behaviors, we have reduced the collision rate by 37% over the past five years.

We continued to focus on creating an environment where everyone can raise their hands, identify concerns and share successes.

This included a series of microlearning videos and tools to help build emotional intelligence and resilience and increase interpersonal trust and communication.

During our 2022 Safety Summit, our Executive Leadership team emphasized the importance of building an environment that encourages employees to speak up to share concerns and ideas.

We are on a journey to become a more diverse and inclusive organization that recruits, develops and retains a workforce representative of the global communities we serve.

This journey requires deliberate and consistent action to address long standing challenges and bring us to a better place, together.

Beyond Amgen, we are engaging with business and other community leaders, government officials and external partners who share our desire to promote social justice and equity.

We believe that our global presence is strengthened by having a workforce that reflects the diversity of the patients we serve.

Our approach to diversity, inclusion and belonging (DI B) draws inspiration from science to harness the collective power of individual differences, perspectives and knowledge.

In 2022, we established four DI B strategic areas of focus that will drive our approach (see chart on right).

An environment of diversity, inclusion and belonging fosters innovation, strengthens our global workforce and drives our ability to serve patients.

Recruit, develop and retain a diverse workforce representative of the global communities we serve.

Create a welcoming, inclusive and productive environment where all staff members feel valued and respected.

Expand external efforts to build a more just and equitable society.

Embed DI B in business practices, policies and processes to establish ongoing leadership accountability.

Global Increase the representation and development of women in executive director and above roles.

United States Increase the representation of Black people in science, technology, engineering and mathematics based roles.

Increase the representation and development of Black and Hispanic people in executive director and above roles.

Hiring, Developing and Retaining Diverse Talent In 2022, we continued to forge new pathways to accelerate our ability to attract, engage and recruit the world’s best talent to better represent the global communities we serve.

Supporting our efforts is our new inclusive hiring strategy.

One element is our new earn and learn apprenticeship program designed to attract, hire and upskill talent without a four year degree in the United States.

The program combines formal learning with on the job training.

Developed in 2022, the program launched in early 2023 with apprenticeships in manufacturing at our Ohio site and in digital, technology and information technology roles.

After successfully completing the 12 18 month program, apprentices will have the opportunity to transition to Amgen employees.

While open to all qualified candidates, the program is one example of our commitment to the OneTen coalition.

Our apprenticeship program will help provide underrepresented groups greater access to innovation based jobs and promote economic opportunities in our local communities and beyond, while also helping Amgen fill future workforce skill gaps.

Florida A M University, and expanded engagements at North Carolina A T. In addition to recruitment activities, these partnerships include mentorship between students and Amgen employees.

We also joined the HBCU Partnership Challenge that promotes engagement and support between private companies and HBCUs.

Launching a research and development fellowship with Charles R. Drew University of Medicine and Science to help diversify the pipeline of healthcare professionals.

Launching the new training program Hiring for Inclusion and Success to help ensure our hiring partners and managers have the skills they need to support our talent attraction and diversity, inclusion and belonging goals.

Deepening our investment in talent through several internal initiatives, including our formal 1:1 executive mentoring program, function specific leadership development programs and peer mentoring networks through our ERGs.

Amgen is a founding member of OneTen, a coalition of many of the world’s largest, best known companies.

It aims collectively to hire one million Black Americans (with specific focus on those without four year college degrees) into family sustaining jobs over the next 10 years.

Additionally, Amgen is taking a leadership role in the greater Los Angeles region, where we are headquartered, to help expand the coalition of organizations that share our desire to offer opportunities to diverse talent.

Other 2022 actions included: Expanding our recruitment efforts with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), including through a new partnership with.

Neurodivergent24 individuals comprise an underrepresented community of talent that can bring great strengths to the workplace.

To break down the barriers that limit these individuals from being considered for employment, Amgen’s Ability Bettered through Leadership and Education (ABLE) ERG launched an internship program specifically for neurodivergent students.

The summer internship program provides opportunities for these students to contribute to Amgen’s success and showcase their unique skills.

Association for the Advancement of Science’s Entry Point program.

To help ensure a positive experience, interns were paired with buddies at Amgen who, along with the intern’s manager and close co workers, received sensitivity training.

Our 2022 interns completed projects involving data analytics, digital tool development, business process automation and robotic process automation.

At the end of the program, half of the interns were offered full time employment with Amgen.

This program is not only about helping neurodivergent students find meaningful jobs in STEM, it is also about broadening the perspective of Amgen employees toward those with disabilities, visible and invisible.

Activating a Culture of Inclusion and Belonging We are advancing our culture of inclusion where employees feel a sense of belonging.

Developing such a culture is an ongoing journey that we believe is important to our ability to not only attract but also retain diverse employees.

Building on the successful adoption of our 2021 ESG goal under our annual incentive plan, our enhanced ESG goal for 2022 was designed to advance our progress on key ESG initiatives, including driving leadership ownership and accountability for DI B deeper into our organization.

Meeting the ESG goal required that at least 90% of our leaders establish and complete an annual DI B action plan a goal that we exceeded in 2022 with more than 97% of leaders at the director level and above developing and executing on these plans.

The movement of neurodiversity is about uncovering the strengths of neurodiverse individuals and using their talents to increase innovation and productivity of society as a whole.

While the pandemic led many women to downshift their careers or leave the workforce entirely, the percentage of women in Amgen’s global workforce has held steady for the past several years at approximately 52%.

Amgen’s Women Empowered to Be Exceptional ERG has been a driving force in the support and mentorship of women in the organization.

Women made up nearly 40% of Amgen’s Operating Team, which comprises the Company’s senior most leaders.

School of Management’s Executive Education department to further enhance a leadership advancement program for women and other underrepresented groups.

We also continued to work with other healthcare and life science companies to advance gender parity and diversity through the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association (HBA) Gender Parity Collaborative.

Outside the United States, we launched a development program for women with HBA.

Amgen also spoke out in 2022 in support of LGBTQ inclusion, joining more than 250 companies in signing a statement from the Human Rights Campaign and Freedom for All Americans Education Fund opposing harmful anti LGBTQ legislation proposed in several U.S. states.

Additionally, within our workplace we collaborated with the nonprofit organization TransCanWork to update language in our human resources policies and guidelines to be more inclusive.

New employees worldwide are required to complete Managing Unconscious Bias training.

Embracing Connectivity and Diverse Points of View Through Our ERGs Critical to our DI B efforts are our ERGs.

France, and Germany per guidance from the EU Works Council.

Throughout the year, our more than 102 local ERG chapters conduct forums to build community, amplify employee experience and increase allyship.

In August 2022, Amgen joined more than 50 other leading companies urging the U.S. Supreme Court to continue allowing colleges and universities to consider race as one factor in their holistic evaluation of applicants for admission.

Increased the number of Amgen ERG chapters around the world by 70%.

Launched our 12th ERG, known as RIVER (Recognition of Indigenous Peoples, Values Environmental Resources) to share and continue the traditions, values and culture of Indigenous Peoples.

Empowered to Be Exceptional ERG with a new global manufacturing chapter.

We believe that our differences lead to better science.

Diverse student bodies are critical incubators of the talent we need at Amgen today and in the future as we look to serve more patients.

They also help students learn how to thrive in diverse workplaces after they graduate.

The Amgen Foundation also supported U.S. based nonprofits focused on racial justice and equity.

To date, the Foundation has donated 11.5 million in grants to nonprofits such as Stop AAPI (Asian American and Pacific Islander) Hate, Thrive Scholars and the Equal Justice Initiative.

DI B Data Though we do not use the Federal Employer Information Report EEO 1 to measure progress, we make our most recent filing publicly available as soon as it is published.

For more information around the composition of our workforce, please see our latest Workforce Diversity Report.

To align with U.S. government reporting requirements, data uses the traditional gender categories of male and female.

We deeply respect that gender is not binary reporting in this manner should not represent our position on this issue.

Totals may not add up due to rounding or employees who have not reported their gender and or race ethnicity.

Also excludes Gensenta Pharmaceuticals and deCode Genetics.

Often the key to solving a challenge is to simply think differently.

Just ask Anthony Piscopio, manager of maintenance at Amgen’s Rhode Island site.

In the past, the requirements for hiring licensed electricians included at least four years of schooling and four years of work experience.

Skilled trade candidates are hard to come by, and we often face a shortage of candidates.

The site thought differently about how and where to hire candidates, starting an apprenticeship program with the technician working as an apprentice nearby New England Institute for electrician.

Amgen hires students as apprentices and she is now preparing to take the after one and a half years at the exam for her electrical license.

Too often managers only consider hands on experience at Amgen, hiring candidates with a four year they also have the opportunity to degree, even in roles that do not require receive two years of school credit it, said Piscopio.

With Juliette, Amgen toward their limited maintenance received immediate value and a journeyperson license.

Amgen Rhode Island’s approach enrolled in New England Institute for supports our inclusive hiring strategy.

The program fast tracked my career and helped me reach my goal, said Esposito.

It saved me one year and provided invaluable learning and mentorship.

Today, I don’t see a ceiling and look forward to continuing to grow at Amgen.

Amgen procures goods and services from thousands of suppliers each year.

We recognize that our suppliers are an important part of our value chain that impact our business and the communities where we live and operate.

Engaging small and diverse suppliers not only benefits these suppliers and Amgen, but also uplifts the communities in which they operate through job creation and potential for better wages.

Supplier Diversity Program and capital investments in our new Ohio and North Carolina facilities, we have increased our spend with diverse businesses, including minority, women, disadvantaged, veteran, disabled and LGBTQ owned suppliers, as well as Black owned businesses, since 2019.

We are exploring opportunities to further improve and expand our supplier diversity efforts and will continue reporting on our progress.

In 2022, we continued to participate in numerous external events to share and provide opportunities for small and diverse suppliers to work with Amgen.

We also expanded the number of suppliers who participate in our mentorship program by 50%.

Through this program, conducted in partnership with local diversity councils, suppliers engage with senior leaders to learn more about potential opportunities at Amgen.

For example, in 2022, we mentored Alexander Consulting LLC (Hawaii Heart Communication Skills Training) in preparation for the National Black Business Pitch Competition that provides Black owned businesses with the opportunity to connect with corporations that seek to expand and diversify their supply chains.

We continue to engage with national and regional supplier diversity councils including the National Minority Supplier Development Council, Women’s Business Enterprise National Council and regional partner WBEC West, Diversity Alliance for Science and the Southern California Minority Supplier Development Council, and we were honored to join the Puerto Rico Minority Supplier Development Council in 2022.

We expect our suppliers to support diversity within their value chains and require certain key suppliers to report their supplier diversity spend to us quarterly.

Learn more about two of our women owned supply partners, Acnos Pharma and Langham Logistics.

Through the Amgen Foundation, we are reimagining science education to improve science literacy and empower diverse thinkers to pursue science and develop solutions to humanity’s biggest challenges.

The Amgen Foundation is guided by the belief that everyone needs science, and science needs everyone.

By broadening access to engaging and inspiring science education programs, we are working to equip future generations with the essential skills needed to thrive in our increasingly complex world.

Inspire the next generation of scientists and foster future problem solvers wherever they are.

Engage students with diverse perspectives and backgrounds by helping to remove barriers that limit access to quality science education.

Support the development of best in class science education resources at no cost to teachers and students, particularly in underresourced communities.

We are doing this through our four signature science education programs that combine in person science learning with virtual tools to support educators and students.

The 2022 cohort of Amgen Scholars in Australia hosted by the University of Melbourne.

Operating since 1991, the Amgen Foundation has committed nearly 250 million to advancing science education programming globally, reaching tens of millions of students and teachers.

In 2022 alone, the Amgen Foundation reached over 23 million students and educators worldwide through four core science education programs: LabXchange, Khan Academy, Amgen Biotech Experience and Amgen Scholars.

Developed at Harvard University with support from the Amgen Foundation, LabXchange is a free online education platform that launched in 2020 and is making science accessible to millions of people worldwide.

The platform provides users with access to more than 19,000 curated learning experiences from 153 collaborating science based organizations through personalized instruction, virtual lab simulations and networking opportunities around the globe.

LabXchange is helping to personalize learning by adapting to the specific needs, interests and goals of users.

Nearly 12 million new users accessed LabXchange in 2022 more than 80% of whom are in low or lower middle income countries.

LabXchange’s goal is to reach 50 million people by 2025.

Google estimates an error rate of less than 2% in this calculation.

LabXchange provides a mechanism to translate research into practice in a manner that I have not found in other digital learning resources.

Through LabXchange, I have been able to nurture my students’ curiosity in science.

Helping all students develop an interest and identity in science is a big deal.

I want my young adolescent learners to know that no matter who they are or where they are, science is for them.

NEW LABXCHANGE USERS BY COUNTRYJanuary 01 2022 to December 31 2022Users are calculated using first party cookies generated by Google Analytics.

Google estimates an error rate of less than 2% in this calculation.LabXchange is unavailable in some countries due to government embargoes (indicated by a grey fill).

Google estimates an error rate of less than 2% in this calculation.LabXchange is unavailable in some countries due to government embargoes (indicated by a grey fill).

Through its support of LabXchange, the Amgen Foundation is also participating in the new Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and Medicine (STEMM) Opportunity Alliance announced in late 2022 by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy.

This initiative seeks to transform the American STEMM ecosystem by dramatically expanding access and opportunities.

In 2022, the Amgen Foundation more than doubled its previous funding to LabXchange with a commitment of 30 million.

The additional funding will enable LabXchange to expand its interactive content offerings, deepen collaborations with STEM organizations worldwide and pursue opportunities to engage more learners in science, particularly in communities that are underserved.

In addition to funding from the Amgen Foundation, Amgen scientists are contributing their knowledge by creating new content in collaboration with LabXchange.

Develop more data science, biotechnology and environmental content.

Increase content offerings that address racial inequity in healthcare, education and STEM.

Learn more about LabXchange through the eyes of a teacher in this animated video.

In addition to funding from the Amgen Foundation, Amgen scientists are contributing their knowledge by creating new content in collaboration with LabXchange.

Ashlie Cromer, senior medical science liaison at Amgen, is one example.

She has a Ph.D. in biomedical science and started her career as a research scientist specializing in neuroscience before turning to cardiovascular disease.

To help aspiring scientists, she collaborated with LabXchange to develop two interactive online lessons, an introduction to cell signaling and an overview of endocrine signaling and breast cancer.

She is now working on a third, which will tell the story of cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) receptors and treatment.

I feel passionate about educating future scientists around the world, said Cromer.

When I was a kid, I wasn’t aware of what it meant to be a scientist and what working in industry would look like, but LabXchange provides that wider view of how it all fits together.

Developing With Accessibility in Mind LabXchange creators have designed the platform with accessibility in mind, going above and beyond current standards.

For example, in addition to standard video transcripts, the platform offers descriptive video transcripts for users who may be blind or deaf.

Content developed by LabXchange is designed for users with minimal data bandwidth.

Developers also consider language choices and, when writing scripts for new resources, subject matter experts and learning designers focus on explaining concepts clearly, with as little jargon as possible.

Further, LabXchange’s learning resources are screen reader compatible and images are colorblind friendly.

Learn more about how LabXchange is working to help ensure accessibility.

Khan Academy: Our Continued Commitment Khan Academy offers a free, high quality virtual classroom for students and teachers around the world.

The Amgen Foundation sponsors Khan’s biology resources, which range from ninth grade biology content to Advanced Placement biology.

These biology resources reached 11.5 million students and educators worldwide in 2022.

With the support of the Amgen Foundation, Khan Academy is working to expand its biology content to include new life science content at the middle school level.

At the end of 2022, Khan Academy had 145 million registered users around the world.

Read about our goals for addressing diversity, equity and inclusion in ABE here.

During the one year experience, fellows develop their own biotech curriculum passion project.

Topics have ranged from environmental DNA sequencing to assess species diversity, to genetic modification of rice to support stable food supplies.

Once final, curricula are available on the ABE website for use in classrooms everywhere.

In the past two years, more than 24 fellows from six countries have participated in the fellowship.

ABE Volunteers The ABE Volunteer Program matches Amgen employees with high need ABE high schools to share their career journeys and describe what they do professionally.

Amgen Biotech Experience: Empowering Teachers and Engaging Students With leadership from universities and other nonprofits, the Amgen Biotech Experience (ABE) is a hands on lab initiative that provides professional development, teaching materials and research grade lab equipment to high school science teachers in Amgen communities around the world.

Independent studies have shown that students exposed to ABE have increased their interest and confidence in science and biotechnology.

Since inception, the program has empowered thousands of teachers to bring biotech labs to approximately 920,000 students.

In 2022, we launched our newest ABE sites in North Carolina with North Carolina A T University and in Ohio with Columbus State Community College.

In 2022, 50 Amgen staff volunteers reached more than 1,000 students across 41 schools in five Amgen U.S. communities through virtual and in person classroom visits.

For students, the ABE Volunteer Program provides diverse role models for a range of biotech careers, as well as real world context for what they are learning in the classroom.

For Amgen volunteers, it provides a rewarding and motivating experience.

Approximately 60% of participating U.S. public schools with an ABE teacher are Title I schools that serve a high percentage of students from low income families.

What does an expert in biotechnology look like Students in Dr. David Upegui’s biology class in Rhode Island were surprised earlier this school year to find out that they can look just like them.

Dr. Upegui’s students come largely from diverse communities, including some who are newer to the United States.

In November 2022, Amy Tangnimitchok, specialist software engineer for digital, technology and innovation at Amgen, spoke with the class about her education and career journey in the biotech industry.

Tangnimitchok was born in Bangkok, Thailand, and came to the United States to obtain her Ph.D.

Just the fact that it was a young woman who, like many of them, was an immigrant and spoke with an accent allowed them to recognize that the kinds of problems we are facing today requires the thinking of a much larger component of society, Upegui said.

We can’t solve our problems by using the same logic and ideas that created them we need a diversity of approaches.

Tangnimitchok represented this diversity to my students and a world in which they could see themselves.

Amgen Scholars: Creating Tomorrow’s Leaders Amgen Scholars is an annual summer program in science and biotechnology that pairs undergraduates from around the globe with real world research opportunities at more than 20 world class institutions in the United States, Europe, Asia, Australia and Canada.

Scholars work alongside researchers and gain valuable experience, participate in seminars and networking events and take part in a symposium in their respective region.

Financial support is available to help ensure that eligible students, regardless of income, can participate.

In 2022, 416 scholars from more than 230 colleges and universities across 33 countries participated in the program.

And, for the first time in three years due to the pandemic, scholars were able to meet in person for Amgen Scholar symposiums in North America and Europe to share learnings and network.

Since 2007, more than 4,800 undergraduates from nearly 900 colleges and universities across 75 countries have participated in the Amgen Scholars program.

A key measurement of impact is where these students go after the program, with many having pursued advanced degrees and careers across numerous scientific fields.

In fact, alumni of the Amgen Scholars program are employed in science based occupations across 37 U.S. states and 36 other countries.

As an Amgen Scholar in 2015 in Paris at the Institut Pasteur, she had her first exposure to translational research.

Prior to the Amgen Scholars program, my research experiences had been in structural biology, she said.

During my stay at Institut Pasteur, I had ample exposure to the diversity of research fields, and I discovered my genuine interest in translational science.

Growing up in Malaysia, Ku was exposed to science at an early age through her parents who both worked in agriculture.

After the program, she decided to pursue her Ph.D. in the same lab where she had worked as an Amgen Scholar.

This experience opened a new window into scientific research.

Despite focusing on infectious diseases, I also had the chance to learn about other unmet needs in the medical field and some other applications of the technology, she said.

This exposure got me thinking about shifting my work using my immunology and viral vectors expertise.

Starting at the Wyss Institute in 2022, Ku is now working on next generation personalized medical evaluation systems.

I would not have imagined being in my current position, due to the slim chance of joining such a world renowned laboratory, Ku said, yet becoming an Amgen Scholar laid the cornerstone for this amazing journey.

Community Focused Giving In addition to science education, the Amgen Foundation supports local organizations in the communities where Amgen employees live and work, as well as employee driven philanthropy with matching gifts and volunteer service programs for employees in the United States and Puerto Rico.

The Foundation also works with partners to support disaster relief efforts.

In 2022, in the wake of the war unfolding in Ukraine, the Amgen Foundation provided 500,000 in grants to trusted nonprofit organizations providing humanitarian aid to the Ukrainian people.

These grants were amplified by donations from hundreds of Amgen employees that were matched dollar for dollar by the Amgen Foundation.

Amgen’s local affiliates in Europe also provided additional support to humanitarian organizations in Eastern Europe.

The Amgen Foundation also provided 250,000 to help victims of Hurricanes Ian and Fiona in Florida and Puerto Rico.

In addition, Florida based Amgen employees came together to help hurricane victims during a Day of Gratitude and Community Service benefiting the nonprofit organization Feeding Tampa Bay.

Giving Tuesday In November 2022, the Amgen Foundation again participated in Giving Tuesday by offering a 2:1 match for every 1 donated (up to a maximum of 5,000) by Amgen U.S. and Puerto Rico staff members to eligible nonprofit organizations.

The response from across the organization was enthusiastic as ERG members and local teams helped amplify the event and highlight worthy charities within their own teams.

Roughly 1,000 Amgen employees donated approximately 1.2 million to more than 1,400 unique nonprofit organizations.

With the Amgen Foundation match, approximately 3.6 million was donated.

Since its inception, the Amgen Foundation has committed in aggregate nearly 425 million to support nonprofit organizations worldwide.

We exceeded our goals for carbon, water and waste reductions through 2022 and are on track to achieve our 2027 ambition.

Our greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals to align with a 1.5 C future were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Issued an inaugural 750 million green bond to advance our environmental goals.

Achieved LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Gold certification at our San Francisco R D site.

Amgen has a longstanding objective to conduct its operations in an environmentally responsible manner, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to improve.

We have successfully advanced our environmental sustainability program since 2007 while increasing our global production capacity and expanding our presence to approximately 100 countries.

Investing in sustainable operations can also improve efficiency and create value, including by reducing operating costs and increasing resilience.

As a Company committed to advancing human health, we recognize our responsibility to patients, employees, communities and shareholders to do our part to positively impact the health of our planet.

Amgen owned and operated facilities and operations.

Reduce water consumption by 40% from a 2019 baseline.

Reduce waste disposed by 75% from a 2019 baseline.

We exceeded our goals for carbon (Scope 1 and Scope 2), water and waste reductions through 2022 and are on track to achieve our 2027 ambition by focusing on innovative approaches and processes, efficiency improvements and increased sourcing of renewable energy.

We are also engaging with our suppliers to assist and encourage carbon reductions throughout our value chain as part of our 2027 ambition.

We submitted our plans for this Scope 3 carbon emissions effort as one of our newly approved science based targets (see page 51).

Reductions take into account only verified reduction projections, do not take into account changes associated with the contraction or expansion of the Company and are measured against a 2019 baseline.

Through our multi faceted sustainability strategy, we are on the path to achieve our 2027 plan.

Our investment in environmental sustainability has not only reduced our impact on the planet but also allowed us to be more efficient, productive and resilient, resulting in reduced operating costs.

But, as we continue to monitor and evaluate our progress against our 2027 environmental sustainability plan, we know there is more to do.

By working to decrease our carbon emissions, water use and waste disposed and to mitigate the risks of climate related events to our operations, we can help build a more resilient Amgen and support the health of the planet.

In 2022, we sponsored our second virtual Expert ways.

Making Carbon Neutrality a Reality In 2022, we continued to make progress toward our carbon neutrality and Scope 1 and 2 goals36 by investing in energy efficiency projects and low carbon technologies.

For example, we replaced two large boilers with four smaller, more energy efficient boilers at our Thousand Oaks, California, facility, which are expected to reduce our carbon emissions by approximately 465 metric tons (MT) annually.

We also expanded the number of electric vehicles (EVs) in our fleet, with more than 275 now on the road.

We expect to have 1,800 EVs by 2027 (or 30% of our total fleet per a 2019 baseline).

See our climate change position statement, which outlines how we are working to achieve our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions goals.

Setting Science Based Targets With our commitment to align our GHG emissions reduction goals with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)37 in line with a 1.5 C future, Amgen is joining more than 4,000 companies and financial institutions working with the SBTi to reduce their emissions in alignment with climate science.

Underlying our carbon neutrality goal are our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions targets, which were approved by the SBTi in August 2022.

As part of our 2027 ambition, Amgen is engaging with our suppliers to assist and encourage carbon reductions throughout our value chain.

Underlying our value chain efforts, our Scope 3 supplier engagement target was also approved by the SBTi in 2022.

Our Approach to Addressing Scope 3 Emissions In 2022, we established an enterprise wide framework to engage with our suppliers to assist and encourage carbon reductions throughout our value chain.

Our first step was to look holistically across our value chain.

We identified purchased goods and services and capital goods as our Scope 3 focus areas.

Next, we established a SBTi Scope 3 supplier engagement target to engage with 73% of our suppliers by spend in key categories to support their adoption of science based targets by 2027.

This engagement will approximate 67% of our Scope 3 emissions, as measured in 2019.

We are working through our supplier sustainability program (see page 56) and with others in our sector to encourage, educate and support suppliers in setting reduction targets.

This includes providing training tools and participating in collaboration alliances to help encourage our suppliers to reduce their carbon emissions.

We have also joined the Energize program, which aims to accelerate the adoption of renewable energy and reduce GHG emissions among pharmaceutical suppliers.

This gives suppliers who may not otherwise have the internal resources or expertise available the opportunity to participate in the market for power purchase agreements of renewable energy.

To track the carbon reduction activities of certain key suppliers, we are working with EcoVadis, the world’s largest provider of business sustainability ratings.

As of December 31, 2022, 45% of our targeted suppliers by spend have set science based targets.

To work toward addressing the remaining Scope 3 emissions, we are continuing to engage with our suppliers and working to identify additional project based opportunities in other categories, including business travel, employee commuting, and transportation and distribution of our sold products.

For more information on how we are working with suppliers to improve sustainability, see Supplier Sustainability.

Drug discovery relies on cold storage units to keep samples at optimal temperatures.

While vital to advance life changing new medicines, these units use significant energy.

At Amgen, we are always up for a challenge especially when it can help reduce our carbon footprint.

Amgen competed against more than 1,200 labs from 27 countries in the 2022 Freezer Challenge, a joint program of My Green Lab and the International Institute for Sustainable Laboratories.

Labs received points for taking sustainable actions related to their cold storage units, including actions that promoted energy efficiency, sample accessibility and sample integrity.

After all the points were counted, Amgen took home the award for Top Organization in the Biotech Pharma Sector.

Amgen’s Massachusetts Pivotal Biologics Lab was honored with the Large Size Laboratory (Biotech) Award.

Participating Amgen labs saved 2,263 kWh day in the challenge.

Innovation to Improve Impact: Amgen EcovationTM Amgen leads with science and innovation to transform the health of people and strengthen society, the planet and our enterprise.

Amgen remains focused on the use of innovative approaches and processes to achieve the aspirations of our latest 2027 environmental sustainability plan.

Amgen EcovationTM is our approach to innovative and sustainable manufacturing, which we embed into the upfront design, development and execution of all new laboratory, manufacturing and administrative buildings.

This approach underscores what is today, and has always been, distinctive about biomanufacturing at Amgen: it is highly innovative, efficient, safe and environmentally sustainable all in service of benefiting patients with medicines manufactured according to the highest quality standards.

Our new manufacturing facilities under construction in North Carolina and Ohio build upon successes in Singapore and Rhode Island and exemplify Amgen EcovationTM.

Our approach includes goals, strategies and metrics to measure and track our progress in reducing landfill waste, minimizing our carbon footprint and mitigating our overall environmental impact.

Designing and constructing highly innovative and environmentally sustainable facilities.

Choosing materials and equipment to advance energy efficiency and reduce the use of natural resources.

This included replacing a traditional cooling tower in the design of our Ohio facility with new technology that will significantly reduce our water use.

Enabling the potential for rooftop and campus solar panels in our building designs as well as for onsite aerobic food digesters to reduce waste sent to landfills.

Selecting construction partners based, in part, on their sustainability efforts and ability to meet or exceed our sustainability requirements.

We are also building our new facilities with employee wellness in mind, incorporating features that allow more natural daylight and support high indoor air quality.

Many of our sites also include walking trails and fitness areas.

Additionally, our Ohio and North Carolina facilities are being built to meet Fitwel building certification standards, the world’s leading certification system for incorporating health and wellness into building design.

Our new R D site in San Francisco achieved Fitwel 2 star certification in 2022.

Applying Technology to Conserve Water Continuing the progress we’ve made on our water reduction achievements from our first two sustainability programs, we are working toward reducing our water usage40 by an additional 40% through our eliminate reduce reuse recycle approach.

This approach includes using new technologies, as well as water efficiency projects and water treatment and recycling efforts, across the enterprise.

While our strategy is global, we focus on Amgen sites in water stressed regions.

Eliminating Waste Through Innovation Building on waste reductions from our first two environmental sustainability programs, we plan to reduce our waste disposed by an additional 75%.41 We are pursuing projects including recycling, reuse and energy recovery of waste materials otherwise sent to landfills to achieve our goals.

In 2022, four Amgen sites did not send any waste to landfills.

The team also identified a recycling process for a high value waste stream that improved efficiency and reduced the amount of waste generated.

These improvements are predicted to avoid waste by up to approximately 14,400 metric tons per year.

In Puerto Rico, we kicked off a composting program in our cafeteria to divert food waste from landfills.

The resulting compost is provided free of charge to local farmers.

Following awards in previous years, in 2022, Amgen received the Environmental Protection Agency’s Green Chemistry Challenge Award for improving the manufacturing of the Company’s medicine to treat certain non small cell lung cancers.

Launching Our First Green Bond In 2022, we issued a 750 million green bond, and, as of September 30, 2022, Amgen allocated 463 million of its net proceeds towards eligible projects, or roughly 62% of the total net proceeds.

As described in our Green Bond Allocation Report, these proceeds were allocated towards the construction costs of our North Carolina, Rhode Island and Ohio facilities.

Island facility (as well as our North Carolina facility, once completed) reduces energy use by at least 20% as compared to conventional facility design, exemplifying Amgen EcovationTM.

Our new Ohio and North Carolina facilities were designed, and are being constructed, as green buildings to meet LEED Gold standards to maximize energy efficiency and minimize water consumption and waste generation.

Remaining funds from our green bond will continue to be allocated to eligible projects (as defined in Amgen’s Green Financing Framework) in categories that include green buildings, eco efficient operations and processes, eco efficient products, and renewable energy.

Amgen’s Healthy Planet Initiative Steering Committee is responsible for recommending select projects for such allocations to Amgen’s chief financial officer and treasurer, who make the final decisions regarding project eligibility.

For Earth Day 2022, we launched our HealthyPlanet recognition program.

The program recognizes Amgen employees who go above and beyond to create programs and activities that support our sustainability goals.

Employees can earn rewards from activities such as organizing van carpools for staff coming to an Amgen site, implementing a sustainability policy for a department or training employees to use equipment more efficiently in ways that measurably reduce energy, water or waste for the Company.

In 2022, we rewarded 241 staff members for their contributions.

Amgen staff also contribute by volunteering in their communities.

For 17 years, Amgen has participated in the International Coastal Cleanup initiative.

Nearly 350 employees from 10 Amgen sites joined the effort in 2022 to clean up a beach, park or river in their local communities.

For their efforts, the California Coastal Commission recognized Amgen volunteers with an appreciation award for their outstanding public service in protecting and enhancing the beauty and natural resources of the California coast and shoreline for the benefit of present and future generations.

Turning Green into Gold In 2022, we achieved LEED Gold certification from the U.S. Green Building Council for our new R D site in San Francisco.

The facility, which includes sustainable flooring, modular carpet tile and green living walls, is a pilot site for My Green Lab Certification, a U.N. recognized certification focusing on minimizing the environmental impact of laboratory operations.

We are also pursuing LEED Gold certification of our North Carolina and Ohio facilities.

We are working beyond our direct operations to reduce environmental and social impact throughout our value chain.

We also continue to participate in the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative to promote responsible supply chain management and better business conditions across the industry.

Through our involvement with the Responsible Health Initiative, a life science specific forum established by EcoVadis, we are working to strengthen the sector’s approach to supply chain management with a specific focus on environmental and social sustainability.

While all suppliers are required to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct, our Supplier Sustainability Program partners with EcoVadis to monitor and measure the sustainability performance of our most strategic suppliers in four areas: business ethics, labor and human rights, sustainable procurement and environmental impact.

We have also set a SBTi Scope 3 supplier engagement target to engage with 73% of our suppliers by spend in key categories to support their adoption of science based targets by 2027.

By working to strengthen the sustainability performance of our suppliers we can reduce our collective environmental footprint, and improve our overall operational performance.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct sets fundamental expectations of our suppliers and is aligned with our core values.

We work to help ensure that suppliers address not only quality, cost and reliability requirements, but also ethical, environmental and social considerations.

In 2022, we incorporated sustainability requirements into our procurement and supplier selection processes.

From our manufacturing facilities to our corporate headquarters, we’re focused on water conservation.

Singapore, one of the most water biomanufacturing technologies to through its state of the art wastewater stressed countries in the world.

Amgen’s medicines for millions of cubic meters of water annually.

Our efforts in Singapore show what is water recycling efforts and rainfall.

Wallace Torres, vice president, Singapore during prolonged dry spells is the fact that the country’s small size severely limits the amount of land compared to that of a conventional facility, exemplifying Amgen EcovationTM.

Not only are we able to manufacture products that help improve patient outcomes, but we are available for water storage.

Singapore’s national water conservation doing so while conserving a precious efforts, it is also helping Amgen achieve natural resource essential to life.

This 289 square mile city state is home to Amgen’s first commercial scale manufacturing site in Asia.

We measure and report on our overall carbon emissions, energy, water use and waste disposed.

Over time, CDP’s disclosure platform for climate change has evolved to include more than 25 questions (within its governance, risks and opportunities, strategy, targets and emissions modules) that are aligned with the recommendations of the TCFD.

We continue to report to the CDP as thoroughly as possible and are undertaking a TCFD aligned scenario analysis to improve our understanding of the physical and transitional effects of climate change as well as to inform our future reporting.

Amgen engaged a third party to provide reasonable assurance of selected environmental and safety data and limited assurance on Scope 3 GHG emissions.43 Highlights of our environmental performance are presented below more detailed data can be found here.

Disclosures Through CDP The CDP is an international nonprofit organization and reporting platform that helps companies and cities disclose their environmental impacts.

Our most recent CDP reports for Climate Change and Water are on our website.

These reports provide additional details about Amgen’s governance, strategy, risk management, metrics and targets related to climate change and water.

For the remaining square footage, primarily administrative offices, we estimate energy usage to calculate carbon emissions.

We measure progress toward our targets by quantifying results independent of growth or contraction of our business.

We do not include facility or building closures or recently acquired facilities in our target progress.

Through 2022, we decreased our energy use by investing in energy efficiency projects and low carbon technologies, while increasing our use of renewable energy.

Ten of 14 Amgen sites sourced 100% renewable electricity in 2022.

Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions decreased by 131,000 metric tons (MT) through 2022, achieving 45% of our 2027 targeted reduction from a 2019 baseline.

This was achieved by focusing on innovative approaches and processes, efficiency improvements and increased sourcing of renewable energy.

Our total water usage through 2022 decreased by 199,000 cubic meters (CM) from a 2019 baseline, representing 23% of our 2027 targeted reduction.

Water decreases are the result of using new technologies, as well as water efficiency projects and water treatment and recycling efforts.

Our total waste disposed through 2022 decreased by 1,029 metric tons from a 2019 baseline, representing 39% of our 2027 targeted reduction.

Waste reductions are a result of pursuing projects including recycling, reuse and energy recovery of waste materials otherwise sent to landfills.

We hold ourselves to high standards in our operations and continually strive to reflect Amgen values in our culture, products and strategy.

Amgen has been recognized as a leader for its information security efforts by CSO50.

We launched our Global Patient Safety Network to support compliance and optimize the safe use of Amgen products.

Our business is built on an unwavering commitment to integrity and compliance, which is demonstrated daily by our employees through their words, decisions and actions.

We seek to maintain and strengthen the trust of the stakeholders we serve.

This is not only the right thing to do, but also essential for the long term health of Amgen and the patients and stakeholders we serve.

Our commitment to integrity and compliance requires preserving our heritage of high ethical values and standards, being accountable for our actions and putting patients first.

Quite simply, it requires doing things right and doing the right things.

This approach is woven through our organization by robust governance practices, global policies, performance management systems, training and ongoing monitoring and remediation.

It is also built on a culture of transparency and engagement with stakeholders.

Effective corporate governance is critical for both our long term performance and maintaining stakeholder trust.

Amgen has a highly independent Board of Directors elected annually by a majority of our stockholders, with a lead independent director with robust responsibilities.

Only independent Board members serve on key standing committees.

Key standing committees of our Board include the Audit, Compensation and Management Development, Corporate Responsibility and Compliance, and the Governance and Nominating committees.

Our Board of Directors is guided by our Amgen Board of Directors Corporate Governance Principles.

Our Board has adopted an Amgen Board of Directors’ Code of Conduct (which applies to our Board) and a global Code of Conduct (which applies to our Board, all our employees and others conducting business on our behalf).

Additionally, annual training on the global Code of Conduct is required of all our employees, and our Board participates in such training.

We also have a code of ethics for senior financial officers.

Our Corporate Governance Principles and Codes of Conduct are available on our website.

Board of Director composition is one of the most critical areas of focus for the Board.

Reflecting our Board’s commitment to refreshment, the Board has appointed eight new directors since 2015.

Dr. Michael V. Drake, our most recently appointed director, joined our Board in 2022.

Our Governance and Nominating Committee regularly screens and recommends candidates for nomination by the full Board and, among other things, considers feedback received during the annual Board and committee evaluation process, investor feedback, our qualification guidelines and skills matrix, director commitment levels (with consideration given to public Company leadership roles and outside commitments) and diversity.

Our Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for determining Board membership qualifications and for selecting, evaluating and recommending to the Board nominees for annual election to the Board and to fill vacancies as they arise.

The Governance and Nominating Committee reviews regularly and reports to the Board on the composition and size of the Board, and makes recommendations, as necessary, so that the Board maintains at least the minimum number of independent directors required by applicable laws and regulations, composition requirements of the Audit and Compensation and Management Development committees, and reflects the appropriate balance of knowledge, experience, skills, expertise and diversity advisable and required by applicable laws and regulations for the Board as a whole.

The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors view diversity as a priority, consider diversity in its determinations and seek representation across a range of attributes.

Diversity includes race, ethnicity, age and gender and is also broadly construed to take into consideration many other factors, including industry knowledge, operational experience, scientific and academic expertise, geography and personal background.

Risk Management Our Board of Directors oversees an enterprise wide approach to risk management, which is designed to support execution of our strategy and achievement of the Company’s objectives to improve long term operational and financial performance and enhance stockholder interests.

Our Board believes that a fundamental part of risk management is understanding the risks that we face, adopting appropriate controls and mitigation activities for such risks, monitoring these risks and responding to emerging developments for such risks.

For more information on our Board and our corporate governance practices, please visit our website and our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Operating in an ethical way with integrity and abiding by local, regional and national regulatory and legal standards that govern our industry is a non negotiable part of how we do business.

Serving patients is a privilege, and ethics and compliance are critical to achieving our mission, realizing value for our stakeholders, and being the best place to work for our employees.

We operate within a highly regulated and increasingly complex environment.

Our Worldwide Compliance and Business Ethics organization is charged with navigating these requirements and anticipating emerging issues.

We do this through our annual global risk assessment and by developing proactive plans to mitigate the risk of unethical business practices.

We also periodically evaluate the effectiveness of our business ethics culture through third party independent advisors who review and assess the maturity of our program and relevancy against latest guidance from regulators and industry best practices.

We disclose policies on our external website that govern how we operate and help ensure enterprise wide compliance with them to further increase the trust and support of our stakeholders.

Every Amgen employee around the world is guided by the Amgen Values and by our Code of Conduct, which is available in 26 languages.

Together, they define, in practical terms, the day to day behavioral expectations of staff at all levels, at all times.

Our Code of Conduct applies to our Board, all our employees and others conducting business on our behalf including consultants, contract workers and temporary workers (as applicable by law) and annual training is required.

Our employees and anyone external to the Company can report suspected misconduct or ask a question by phone or via the Internet using Amgen’s Business Conduct Hotline.

We provide regular updates on the number and types of reports received through the Business Conduct Hotline to the Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors.

Amgen’s non retaliation policy prohibits any form of retaliation or intimidation against Amgen employees for reporting a concern in good faith.

Reinforcing Compliance Practices and Effectiveness Amgen conducts periodic risk assessments to monitor compliance risks across activities where we conduct business.

We use the results to enhance our compliance program, evaluate its effectiveness and allocate resources.

Our global risk assessment and monitoring functions report to a single leader, enabling synergies and enhancing our ability to interpret, prioritize and drive coordinated assurance and risk mitigation decisions.

We also continue to make compliance resources and learning tools accessible to employees through internal websites and role based microlearning.

Additionally, we launched our first regional Compliance Center of Excellence in Europe where Amgen staff can connect with subject matter experts on compliance related questions.

We plan to launch more regional centers in the future.

Leading from the Top We believe that the actions of our leaders matter.

All Amgen leaders are expected to demonstrate their commitment to ethics and compliance within their teams.

Each year, vice presidents and above, plus other select roles, participate in our Global Ethics and Compliance Declaration Program.

This includes developing and implementing an ethics and compliance engagement plan within their teams that encourages asking questions and reporting concerns.

At the end of the year, Amgen leaders are required to sign a declaration confirming that they understood and followed our Code of Conduct, promoted an ethical culture and reported any potential noncompliance incidents to Human Resources or the Business Conduct Hotline (including any violations of our Conflict of Interest policy).

Strengthening Our Speak Up Culture In 2022, we continued our Speak Up campaign to increase awareness and understanding of Amgen’s report handling and investigative process, as well as our non retaliation policy.

Amgen offices around the world shared videos with employees on how and when to contact our Business Conduct Hotline and why staff members should do so without fear of retaliation.

Videos were translated into Chinese, French, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish and Thai.

The videos were an effective way to deliver the messages in our local language and build confidence and engagement within the affiliate to continue to foster an open door culture.

Robust Anti Bribery Anti Corruption Compliance Program We are committed to competing lawfully and ethically in the marketplaces across the geographies in which we operate.

We have a robust anti bribery anti corruption program, which includes a global policy that states our expectation that all employees conduct all aspects of Amgen business lawfully and with integrity.

All employees are trained on this policy as part of our annual Code of Conduct training.

Tailored, function centric training is also assigned to select groups such as Global Commercial Operations, R D and Operations.

In addition, we perform periodic risk assessments to support programmatic improvement opportunities, as well as ongoing monitoring and auditing activities.

Our anti bribery anti corruption program extends to third parties and intermediaries doing business on behalf of Amgen and includes periodic auditing, training and due diligence.

Amgen aims to discover, develop and deliver transformative medicines to address some of the leading causes of death and disability worldwide.

Conducting our R D activities in accordance with our internal policies and external laws, regulations and standards helps ensure the integrity of and confidence in our trial results and, ultimately, in medicines approved for use.

It also helps to inspire confidence among potential clinical trial participants, increasing the likelihood of their enrollment in studies.

Clinical Research and Development At any given time, Amgen may conduct hundreds of clinical trials involving many thousands of patients.

The rights, safety and well being of trial participants are critical to the effective conduct of Amgen clinical trials.

Our Global Code of Ethics for Clinical Trials governs the design and conduct of Amgen sponsored clinical trials.

Our high standards meet or exceed applicable local laws as well as widely accepted international regulatory standards.

We have robust processes in place to respond to disruptions to our business including R D activities caused by natural disasters or other events.

In 2022, in response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, we activated our crisis management response team to maintain ongoing study treatment for participants enrolled in our clinical trials in Ukraine while pausing new enrollments in impacted countries.

We established a call center specifically for trial participants who fled the country to enable them to continue their treatment protocol at another location where possible.

We also enabled shipments of our investigational products directly to clinical sites in Ukraine compliantly, bypassing impacted regional distribution centers, to help sites maintain adequate inventory and supplies.

The timely registration of clinical trials, communication of research results and routine publication of the primary analyses of Amgen sponsored trials and observational studies, regardless of trial outcome or regulatory approval.

Providing scientifically accurate, truthful, non misleading and well balanced information to the scientific community.

We also continue our efforts to improve diversity and representation of racial and ethnic minority populations in clinical trial research (see page 23).

Ethical and Responsible Treatment of Animals in Research We are committed to the ethical and responsible treatment of animals required to be used in the discovery and development of our medicines.

Amgen is a long time proponent of the principles of Reduction, Refinement and Replacement (3Rs) in the required use of animals in research.

We bestow a long standing competitive 3Rs award to recognize and reward our scientists who find new and better ways to advance them.

Amgen is fully committed to the development and use of scientifically validated alternative testing methods that are acceptable to regulatory authorities and do not compromise patient safety.

We are engaged internally and in cross industry efforts aimed at developing and refining new in vitro testing and predictive systems that hold promise for future reduction of animal usage.

As part of these activities, Amgen works directly with global regulatory authorities to increase the recognition and acceptance of alternative models where such methods can be used appropriately.

Amgen works to comply with all applicable global laws and regulations, including the gold standards of accrediting bodies.

We hold our external business partners, including contract research organizations, academic institutions and animal vendors, accountable to the same regulations, standards and guidelines that govern our internal animal care and use programs.

We have a robust, proactive process to monitor compliance with our standards.

Use of Stem Cells Amgen may use a wide variety of research tools and technologies to help discover and develop new therapeutics, including animal or adult cells in preclinical research to help unlock new scientific insights, model complex diseases, screen new compounds and identify novel medicines.

Amgen also may use a small set of commercially available industry standard immortalized cell lines acquired over several decades for specific research only purposes.

Amgen does not and has not used human embryonic or fetal stem cells in the development or manufacturing of any products.

Biobanking of Human Samples Amgen may use human samples in our research efforts to help predict the safety and effectiveness of potential new therapies and identify people most or least likely to benefit from these therapies.

Samples are collected, used, stored and disposed of in accordance with the informed consent of the patient and all applicable laws and regulations, including those related to privacy and the use of human specimens in research.

Amgen is a worldwide leader in research, development and manufacturing of complex biologic therapies and is focused on the safety of patients and the effective use of our products.

Through more than four decades of experience, we have established a record of reliably supplying high quality medicines to patients.

Amgen takes a comprehensive and rigorous approach to pharmacovigilance activities.

We are dedicated to establishing, maintaining and communicating quality safety information throughout the lifecycle of Amgen products to provide healthcare professionals and patients with confidence in our products and the information needed to prescribe and use them appropriately.

We also work to maintain the trust of worldwide regulatory authorities through our commitment to product safety and quality.

To continue to advance the science of pharmacovigilance, we work collaboratively with industry groups and regulators to enhance technology and increase analytic capabilities.

Our Global Patient Safety and Quality teams work closely to optimize patient outcomes.

Leveraging technology and digital tools, we have moved from a reactive to a proactive approach to strengthen our ability to identify potential risks and mitigate them to improve the patient experience.

Once a product receives marketing approval from health authorities, safety data collection continues through multiple channels, including additional clinical trial and post marketing studies, reports by patients and healthcare professionals, patient support programs, registries and scientific literature.

Individual adverse event reports are continuously added to our safety database, and they help contribute to the overall understanding of the safety profile of our products.

These data are used to continually evaluate benefits and risks across the product lifecycle with the aim of maximizing their safe use.

He and his daughter Ashita, Amgen executive director of marketing, participated in Amgen’s Mission Week (see page 4).

In 2022, we completed a four year transformational patient safety and quality initiative spanning our manufacturing, R D and Global Commercial operations.

The result is an Integrated Product Surveillance (IPS) approach supported by a team of Safety and Quality professionals that examines data jointly to help ensure compliance with applicable regulatory standards, timely resolution of issues and detection of emerging trends.

Helping our Medical Information and Patient Support Program vendors better respond to customer needs and capture higher quality data for more actionable insights.

Enhancing our risk based approach to complaint investigations based on severity of harm, patient outcome and product quality attributes.

Enhancing surveillance of adverse events and product.

Streamlining processes, enhancing systems and complaints jointly via a new analytical tool.

Improving our cross functional oversight and management review through integrated governance.

Our Global Patient Safety organization includes local safety officers in 42 countries who execute pharmacovigilance activities and provide expertise and oversight in meeting applicable regional and country specific regulatory requirements.

Through our pharmacovigilance system, we capture, document and evaluate adverse events and other safety information regarding the use of our therapies.

Data collected are processed and analyzed centrally by our pharmacovigilance team, consistent with applicable global and local regulatory requirements.

Our Global Patient Safety team maintains oversight of all pharmacovigilance related activities and collaborates with staff members across Amgen to communicate safety product information in a timely, transparent and accurate manner to patients, prescribers and applicable regulatory agencies around the globe.

In 2022, we also launched our Global Patient Safety (GPS) Network for improved connectivity across R D functions and enhanced our Process Governance Committee to provide a proactive, consistent and centralized approach to oversight of our global safety processes.

Our Process Governance Committee serves as a centralized committee to oversee and manage GPS related process changes and provide guidance, scope and resources for cross functional processes impacting safety.

All Amgen employees complete annual training on adverse events and product complaint reporting.

Amgen staff who learn of potential adverse events, product complaints or other safety findings are required to report the information to our Global Patient Safety team in accordance with our corporate policies and Code of Conduct.

See our Adverse Event and Product Complaint Reporting site.

Investing in Technology to Increase Safety, Efficiency and Compliance Through our IPS approach, Amgen is seeking to set the bar in product surveillance and complaints handling.

We are deploying tools using AI and natural language processing to automate the product complaint process and expedite investigations through more effective triage.

We are also automating activities for adverse event case processing through a new Integrated Case Management Automation (ICMA) platform that includes technology for Safety Case Management Automation.

ICMA uses cognitive technologies to streamline the intake and processing of information for medical review, which, in turn, helps to enhance regulatory compliance.

Jae is living with multiple myeloma and participated in Amgen’s Mission Week (see page 4).

In 2022, Amgen also launched a holistic risk management tracking solution designed to improve our risk management planning and execution by enhancing end to end oversight of global and local risk management activities, enabling integration with existing Amgen systems and communication between global and local teams.

Quality at Amgen is an integral part of our culture.

Starting with R D, we foster a culture of quality, integrity and safety with robust processes and experienced and engaged employees.

We employ an enterprise wide Quality Management System (QMS) composed of processes that are designed to work together to prioritize patient safety, data integrity and the quality of our products through each stage of a product’s lifecycle.

This integrated QMS requires that Amgen employees are comprehensively trained and knowledgeable in our global policies, processes and procedures and understand their responsibility for developing, manufacturing and supplying safe medicines to patients globally.

From clinical to commercial, the QMS supports our efforts to reliably supply high quality medicines to every patient, every time.

Our QMS includes numerous quality checks and is based on a set of global Quality principles.

It is built in accordance with more than 150 country, regional and international standards and regulations covering pharmaceuticals, medical devices and combination products including ISO 13485, current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), Good Clinical Practice (GCP), Good Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good Pharmacovigilance Practice (GPvP) and ICH guidelines.

We hold the required clinical, commercial, manufacturing, wholesale and distribution licenses, as well as necessary GxP certificates issued by governing health and regulatory authorities.

In 2022, we created a new Digital Strategy and Innovation function within our Global Quality organization.

With this integrated team of data scientists, we are deploying new digital tools, enabling robust data driven decisions, and investing in predictive capabilities to help identify risks and avoid product defects.

We also launched a QMS digital platform to accelerate quality related decision making, automate routine activities and enable employees to apply predictive analytics to generate new insights.

Our IPS initiative (see page 69) is enhancing our product quality management processes through features that promote earlier investigator actions based on criticality of the issue.

We also completed a successful automation pilot that reduced processing time and increased the accuracy of our incoming quality assurance process for raw materials.

We conduct investigations when deviations to our specifications or quality standards occur.

We determine the root cause and implement corrective actions to help ensure that we maintain high levels of compliance and quality.

In 2022, we expanded processes related to product returns associated with customer reported quality issues.

This is providing us with deeper insights into user related challenges.

Amgen has a robust QMS training program for our employees, which is also offered to all contracted service providers.

All third parties providing services or products manufactured to GxP standards are required by regulation to have their own quality assurance department and a formal training process.

Our training program is rigorously examined during internal and external audits.

New employees receive training on cGMP, other regulatory requirements and emerging trends.

Existing employees receive these trainings on an annual basis.

We assess compliance with our QMS and global regulations through audits conducted by our internal audit teams.

Our audit plans are risk based and assess operations or activities with a higher potential to affect product quality and or patient safety.

Supplier Compliance We use third party suppliers to conduct clinical trials on Amgen’s behalf.

To support our focus on patient safety, data integrity and quality in our R D activities, we qualify, monitor and audit our third party suppliers to help ensure Amgen is compliant with applicable government regulations as well as relevant Amgen policies, procedures and practices.

Additionally, external service providers, component suppliers and contract manufacturers play an increasingly important role in Amgen’s manufacturing strategy.

Their operational performance and compliance with applicable regulations can directly impact the quality of Amgen’s final drug and combination products.

We audit the operations of our suppliers to help ensure the products they manufacture or services they provide meet Amgen’s and regulators’ expectations for quality.

We have formal programs to continuously monitor the performance of and provide oversight and support for our suppliers.

In 2022, as part of our IPS initiative, we introduced a new global vendor training portal and we updated our training materials and oversight process.

Employing sophisticated technology to hamper the ability of counterfeiters to create packaging that resembles Amgen’s packaging.

Collaborating with federal and state law enforcement agencies to investigate and prosecute those involved in product tampering and counterfeiting, facilitating the arrest and conviction of counterfeiters.

In addition, Amgen uses industry leading serialization and traceability technologies to advance the security of the supply chain and protect our products and patients.

Amgen products have distinctive security features that allow us to confirm whether a product has been legitimately produced following Amgen quality standards.

Jackie Elbonne is passionate about driving better outcomes for patients and customers through her work as Amgen’s chief quality officer.

We strive to deliver quality products and outcomes that transform the promise of science and biotechnology into therapies that have the power to restore health or save lives.

An organic chemist by training and tireless advocate for quality as a driver of competitive advantage, Jackie Elbonne’s career spans three decades in the biopharmaceutical industry in various roles.

Joining Amgen in early 2022, Jackie reflected on her first year with Amgen and her vision for the future.

A: What most impressed me was the commitment to Amgen’s mission to serve patients by working to transform the promise of science and biotechnology into therapies.

Our commitment is to help ensure that all our medicines are available for every patient, every time.

This is evident in the work of Global Quality professionals who put the needs of patients first and believe in the concept of getting it right the first time.

The daily work of the world’s best scientists and professionals is guided by the Amgen values, which serve as the principles for how we conduct business.

Quality is a cornerstone of all of our activities.

We seek the highest quality information, decisions and people to support our production of the highest quality products and services.

Quality is woven into the fabric of everything we do.

This allows us to get more products to more patients faster with the goal of achieving better patient experiences.

Global Quality professionals are the last people to touch the product and say that it meets all required quality standards, and is OK to go to the patient.

To accomplish this, our vision has to be a culture of enterprise wide accountability for quality where everyone owns quality and is responsible for translating it into better patient outcomes and superior business performance.

The key is identifying how we can each work to improve patient outcomes through improved quality.

For those of us in Global Quality, one of our key focuses is to achieve fewer product complaints.

When we achieve this, it means our products better meet patient needs.

A: We have four strategic pillars that support our strategic vision to deliver superior patient and customer experience, and drive sustainable business performance.

First, we are simplifying our quality management systems through digital technology.

This is helping to streamline our work and enables us to move from reactive to proactive to predictive to help ensure we identify risks early before they become issues.

Through our second pillar, we want to drive innovation, not only within our team, but in other business areas to drive innovation and accelerate the introduction of new technologies.

Third is instilling a culture of enterprise wide accountability.

We are developing a unified culture across the product lifecycle where we work together to measure outcomes and improve processes.

And finally, within Global Quality we are working to bring future focused capabilities to the organization so that we will be able to meet the needs of a growing volume of products within an increasingly complex regulatory environment.

A: When you think about patients, the quality of the products we give them and any safety events they may encounter are intimately connected.

I view the Global Quality and Patient Safety functions as sister organizations.

If you put a product on the market and someone calls and says, my product didn’t auto inject today as it should, then it could be a quality problem.

But it can also have a safety implication if, because of the malfunction, the patient didn’t get the right dose.

Having a highly integrated working relationship between quality and safety is key to product performance and ultimately the patient’s outcome.

A: Technology plays a huge role in simplifying and automating processes to reduce paper and manual work which in turn helps us reduce errors and eliminate non value activities while improving business performance.

These systems also improve our employees’ experience so they can work with greater efficiency and focus on serving every patient, every time, from R D to delivery.

Digital technologies can also help us bring together disparate data from multiple repositories to identify potential quality or safety trends so that we can act more quickly going from reactive to proactive.

This means we are better able to identify signals early on before they become an issue.

This will then help us be more agile so that we can get products to more patients faster.

We have robust systems and processes in place to support the ethical use, management and protection of systems, information and data.

In 2022, Amgen received six awards from CSO50, which recognizes information security projects that demonstrate outstanding thought leadership and business value.

The CSO50 Award is a recognized mark of information risk management and security excellence.

Amgen operates in a highly regulated environment, and decisions made by elected officials can have a significant impact on our ability to serve patients.

Please see Responsibility Environment on www.amgen.com for an Independent Verification Statement for this data.

Amgen has included data from 14 facilities covering energy and carbon, water and waste.

The facilities represent approximately 85% of Amgen’s worldwide facility space based on total square feet.

For the remaining square footage, primarily administrative offices, we estimate energy usage to calculate carbon emissions.

Included facilities are in Thousand Oaks, California, U.S. West Greenwich, Rhode Island, U.S. Juncos, Puerto Rico, U.S. Louisville, Kentucky, U.S. South San Francisco, California, U.S. Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S. Burnaby, Canada Breda, Netherlands Dun Laoghaire, Ireland Cambridge, United Kingdom Sao Paulo, Brazil Yenibosna and Sekerpinar, Turkey and Tuas, Singapore.

This includes leased buildings where we have operational control over building infrastructure, including utilities.

Environmental notices of violation (NOVs) reported that resulted from agency inspections.

Amgen Safety Net Foundation is a separate legal entity funded solely by Amgen.

As reported in Amgen’s Form 10 K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 through 2022.

Data based on total headcount as reported in our Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022, modified to reflect active employee headcount which, among other things, excludes co ops and interns.

Also excludes Gensenta Pharmaceuticals and deCode Genetics.

This ESG Report is part of Amgen’s overall commitment to providing robust reporting on our ESG performance.

We also report information in our Annual Report on Form 10 K and Proxy Statement.

The table below indicates where Amgen reports on metrics in the SASB standard.

As our ESG reporting continues to evolve and expand, we will continue to evaluate our ability to report on additional metrics.

Amgen’s mission is to serve patients and our clinical trial activities are carefully process for ensuring quality and patient safety designed to meet this goal.

The rights, safety and well being of research participants are paramount in the conduct of Amgen clinical trials.

To that end, all Amgen sponsored trials are expected to be designed and conducted to the same high standards that meet or exceed all applicable local laws and widely accepted international regulatory standards such as ICH E6 Good Clinical Practice (GCP) Guideline.

Amgen maintains internal procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws.

These procedures cover areas including Quality of Clinical Data and Safety Monitoring.

All potential new Amgen medicines undergo preclinical and clinical testing to establish their safety and efficacy profiles.

This includes appropriate dosing levels and acceptable benefit risk profiles.

Once a product receives marketing approval from health authorities, safety data collection reporting continues through multiple channels.

This includes additional clinical and post marketing studies, reports by patients and healthcare professionals, registries and scientific literature.

For more information, see the Ethical Research section on our website.

In 2022, there were no inspections related to clinical trial management and management and pharmacovigilance that resulted in: (1) pharmacovigilance that resulted in VAI or OAI.

Voluntary Action Indicated (VAI) and (2) Official Action found at FDA Data Dashboard.

Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Human Capital Management section of our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Amgen discloses material legal proceedings in our FY 2022 Form 10 K.

Investigating Risk of Severe Hypocalcemia in Patients on Dialysis.

This information is publicly available via the FDA Adverse Event Reporting System.

Drug Safety units and such recall has been terminated.

See FDA Data Dashboard for additional information.

In 2022, Amgen’s take back program accepted 25.39 metric tons of product and or disposal sharps.

Group, which oversees implementation of programs to fulfill drug product and sharps take back requirements in the United States.

In 2022, there were no cGMP FDA enforcement actions involving Amgen.

Compliance Actions can be found at FDA Data Dashboard.

Amgen has established processes and systems for global reporting concerning business partners of potential or known risks associated the safety and quality of our products.

These procedures cover product quality and with counterfeit products security as well as related investigations for reported events (e.g.

Amgen has procedures in place to notify impacted trading partners and regulatory authorities in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, e.g.

We strictly prohibit off label promotion by Amgen employees or those working on off label use of products our behalf.

Community and the Amgen Code of Conduct prohibit off label promotion and staff members are trained on these requirements annually.

Capital Management section of our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Supply Chain Management facilities participating in the Rx 360 International approach to the auditing and monitoring of our supply chain partners.

Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Consortium audit program conducted to help ensure that Amgen’s supply chain is meeting both regulatory or equivalent third party audit programs for integrity of requirements as well as Amgen internal requirements.

See the Quality section supply chain and ingredients of our website for more information.

Amgen discloses material legal proceedings in our FY 2022 Form 10 K.

Interactions with Healthcare Professionals (the Code).

The Code provides guidance on such interactions including the use of promotional materials grants and consulting arrangements meals and entertainment continuing medical education clinical practice guidelines and sales and marketing training for company representatives.

Prohibitions on the use of non educational reminder items (such as pens, mugs or other items branded with a product or company logo).

Amgen will only distribute to healthcare professionals educational items that advance disease or treatment education and that are not of substantial value.

Prohibitions on offering or providing any entertainment or recreational items to any healthcare professional who is not a salaried employee of the company.

Keeping Independent Medical Education (IME) grant making functions separate from sales and marketing functions, prohibitions on using the provision of IME funds to influence, advise or provide guidance, and never offering compensation to any healthcare professional for expenses or time spent in IME participation.

In 2022, our products globally reached an estimated 10 million patients.

As of year end 2022, 27 products were approved for commercial use in one or more development (phases 1 3) countries.

Our pipeline includes more than 35 candidates in phases one through three, many with multiple indications in development.

The inclusion of information contained in this disclosure should not be construed as a characterization regarding the materiality or financial impact of that information.

Please also see our filed Form 10 K, and other publicly filed documents available at https: investors.amgen.com financials sec filings.

This report contains information about Amgen and may contain forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.

All statements, other than statements of historical facts, may be forward looking statements.

Amgen cautions that forward looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, which change over time.

Forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Amgen assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward looking statements.

Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.

Factors that can cause results to differ, as well as additional factors that can affect forward looking statements, are discussed in Amgen’s Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and on Amgen’s investor website at https: investors.amgen.com and https: investors.amgen.com financials sec filings.

This report contains forward looking statements in this document as a result of new information, nificant sanctions.

Further, while we routinely or development of a new indication for an existing that are based on the current expectations and future events or otherwise.

All statements, other than statements the protection offered by our patents and patent product.

No forward looking statement can be guaranteed applications may be challenged, invalidated or devices and component parts for our products are deemed forward looking statements, including any and actual results may differ materially from those circumvented by our competitors, or we may fail to supplied by sole third party suppliers.

Certain of our statements on the outcome, benefits and synergies we project.

Our results may be affected by our prevail in present and future intellectual property distributors, customers and payers have substantial of collaborations, or potential collaborations, with ability to successfully market both new and existing litigation.

We perform a substantial amount of our purchasing leverage in their dealings with us.

Therapeutics, Inc. acquisition, the Teneobio, Inc. addition, sales of our products are affected by or similar public health threat, such as COVID 19, companies, products or technology, and to acquisition, the ChemoCentryx, Inc. acquisition, or pricing pressure, political and public scrutiny and and the public and governmental effort to mitigate integrate the operations of companies or to support the proposed Horizon Therapeutics plc acquisition, reimbursement policies imposed by third party against the spread of such disease, could have a the products or technology we have acquired, may as well as estimates of revenues, operating margins, payers, including governments, private insurance significant adverse effect on the supply of materials not be successful.

A breakdown, cyberattack or capital expenditures, cash, other financial metrics, plans and managed care providers and may for our manufacturing activities, the distribution of information security breach of our information expected legal, arbitration, political, regulatory or be affected by regulatory, clinical and guideline our products, the commercialization of our product technology systems could compromise the clinical results or practices, customer and prescriber developments and domestic and international candidates, and our clinical trial operations, and confidentiality, integrity and availability of our patterns or practices, reimbursement activities trends toward managed care and healthcare cost any such events may have a material adverse systems and our data.

Our stock price is volatile and outcomes, effects of pandemics or other containment.

Furthermore, our research, testing, effect on our product development, product sales, and may be affected by a number of events.

Our widespread health problems such as the ongoing pricing, marketing and other operations are subject business and results of operations.

COVID 19 pandemic on our business, and other to extensive regulation by domestic and foreign collaborations with third parties for the development affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of such estimates and results.

Forward looking government regulatory authorities.

We or others of some of our product candidates and for the achieving our environmental, social and governance statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, could identify safety, side effects or manufacturing commercialization and sales of some of our objectives.

The effects of global climate change and including those discussed below and more fully problems with our products, including our devices, commercial products.

In addition, we compete related natural disasters could negatively affect described in the Securities and Exchange Commission after they are on the market.

Our business may be with other companies with respect to many of our our business and operations.

In addition, our business and development of new products.

Our business performance could affect periodic reports on Form 10 Q and current reports may be impacted by the adoption of new tax or identification of new product candidates or or limit the ability of our Board of Directors to on Form 8 K. Unless otherwise noted, Amgen is legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.

If we fail to meet the compliance obligations in the cannot be guaranteed and movement from concept or repurchase our common stock.

U.S. government, we could become subject to sig no guarantee that any particular product candidate terms that are favorable to us, or at all.