When we serve all stakeholders, business is the greatest platform for change.

At Salesforce, we believe in stakeholder capitalism a corporation’s purpose sizes working to build a better future.

We believe in the power of technology is based on a fundamental commitment to all stakeholders customers, to deliver impact, support social good and create meaningful change.

We are employees, partners, communities, the planet, and society not just to their honored to support the thousands of nonprofit organizations and educators of shareholders.

Salesforce.org is stakeholder capitalism in action.

We increase all kinds that rely on our technology to achieve their mission.

By enabling their community impact through the impact of our products.

A future that benefits our communities, our society, and our planet as well as our customers, our partners, and our employees.

For the past five years, we have produced these Community Impact Reports to provide a window into the scale of their impact.

As we rise to meet this challenge, we must be more focused than ever on the donated and discounted Salesforce technology has a measurable impact on success of those we serve.

Chief Customer Officer and will hold personal responsibility for customer success support and serve.

This year, we are proud to share that our Annual Social across our global community.

Pro Bono Program, totaled 1.89 billion, up from 1.45 billion in 2021. technology partnerships that drive Salesforce differentiation and deliver growth, customer success, and innovation.

While that number is significant, the impact it represents is more important.

To put it into perspective, 89% of our customers report that using Salesforce hearing, teaching them to listen, speak, and learn.

The addition of a CRO ensures has changed or improved how their work gets done, and 85% of our customers are better able to meet their missions in part due their use of our Nonprofit and Education sectors are represented in parallel, and in parity, alongside every other industry served by a dedicated suite of Salesforce technology.

This past year, the global challenges we’ve faced have continued to compound.

In gratitude, continues to drive tangible social impact.

Rob Acker Mike Wolff community of customers as they continue to address those challenges.

Customers like War Child, Texas Tech University, Denver Public Schools, and Earth Uprising are using the power of technology to drive real change.

Salesforce believes that corporate purpose is based on a fundamental commitment to all stakeholders customers, employees, partners, communities, the planet, and society rather than just shareholders.

Each year, Salesforce publishes the annual Stakeholder Impact Report, which ensures stakeholders have more timely access to the company’s corporate responsibility data governance, sustainability, equality, trust, employee programs, giving back and the progress we’ve made on our commitments.

For Salesforce’s complete environment, social, and governance programs and metrics, view the FY22 Salesforce Stakeholder Impact Report.

We also publish our diversity numbers annually on our Equality website to promote transparency and hold ourselves accountable.

In FY22, Salesforce conducted a double materiality assessment, assessing topics based on their impact on the environment and society and to enterprise value.

The assessment involved a number of our key internal and external stakeholders, including Salesforce executives and employees, investors, customers, suppliers, NGOs, and members of sector associations.

As a result, 15 topics were identified that are both relevant to Salesforce and validate the alignment of current strategic ESG priorities to meet the expectations of stakeholders.

Salesforce.org contributes to community impact through its focus on product impact.

Salesforce.org contributes to Community Impact through its focus on product impact.

Another topic identified is Responsible Sustainable Technologies.

Serafim notes that increasing attention is paid to companies that effectively link strategy to purpose.1 Salesforce.org products, by being focused on community impact, could be seen as a responsible use of technology.

For more on the materiality assessment, please visit the Reporting Scope and Methodology section of the FY22 Salesforce Stakeholder Impact Report.

We power the purpose of our customers by providing them with free and or discounted access to best in class technology and services.

While product impact is at the center of what we do, we know our customers need access to even more support.

We surround them with an ecosystem of partners: from employees to consultants to strategic partnerships with influential organizations.

In addition, our community of customers also provide support to each other to achieve more impact through the use of Salesforce products.

Drive learner and institution success constituents at scale.

Create donor centric experiences to build educational journey long term relationships.

Empower recruitment and admissions, student services, advancement and operations teams to create personalized experiences at scale using one integrated CRM platform for education.

At Salesforce, we believe business is a powerful platform for change, and to achieve intentional change, we must understand the full scale of our work.

To this end, we have created a standard methodology to quantify and report on the total annual contributions of Salesforce.org that is transparent, reperformable, and verifiable.

With this methodology, we are able to quantify the total monetary contribution of our technology and pro bono services.

Our methodology is based on a framework from McPherson Strategies, feedback from Salesforce's Finance and Revenue Recognition teams, and input from the valuation and technical accounting advisory practices of a leading professional services firm.

Fiscal Year 2022 represents the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.

Product Donation Value: Salesforce calculates the social value of products sold or donated based on the estimated price Salesforce would have received if a comparable product was sold to a for profit business of similar size and location, less the price that Salesforce received, if any, for the same product from a qualified non profit, educational institution or other NGO.

When a comparable Salesforce product price is not readily available, a ratio of the weighted average of the Salesforce price to a for profit company compared to Salesforce price to a non profit company is used to estimate the social value.

Pro Bono Value: The skills based pro bono volunteering value represents the value of self reported hours donated by Salesforce employees to non profits to help them implement Salesforce solutions or to support the professional capacity of the organization.

Salesforce calculates this value by multiplying the number of pro bono hours volunteered by Salesforce employees by the estimated billing rate of 195 per hour per as recommended in the CECP 2020 valuation guide.

This figure is not currently reviewed by Ernst Young.

We focus our measurement and learning on leading indicators of impact: customer outcomes.

If our customers are able to strengthen what’s working and improve what can be improved, they will transform to achieve greater impact.

Salesforce.org believes in the importance of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

The data source for this chart is the Salesforce.org Customer Outcomes Survey.

In it, organizations could select more than 1 SDG that aligned closest to their work.

I think that it Salesforce allows us to spend less time trying to generate reports and more time having productive conversations.

The biggest benefit has been to develop institutional efficiency, with a central repository of actionable student data.

Secondly, Salesforce allows us to connect with our constituents, students, families, schools and communities at a level we couldn’t without.

It has allowed us to think and act out of the box, and to automate at a high level.

It (Salesforce) helps us tell the story with real concrete information.

I think everybody associated with our organization has benefited from it (Salesforce).

We have established a reputation of being an impactful organization because the data is at our fingertips.

We punch above our weight, we are able to deliver a program at a really high level with a very small staff.

We use a lot of data to inform our programming and outcomes.

We actually have a director of college analytics, and they, of course, are using Salesforce for understanding where students are and to show where our outcomes are...

Through the Salesforce.org Customer Outcomes Survey, we were able to look at customer mission fulfillment across SDGs.

Building social innovation capacity through partner services, pro bono, and impact led partnerships.

Program, customers can access the and enable, our partners to innovate help harness the power of business digital expertise of skilled employee unique solutions to address customers’ to improve the state of the world.

Our volunteers through short term projects unique needs.

As a result, 90% of the customers who complete a pro bono project report an improved ability to deliver on their mission.

Consulting Partners offer strategic guidance and implementation on Salesforce and industry trends.

Product Partners provide solutions that offer customers expanded and niche functionality.

Digital Agencies expand customers’ teams with capacity in marketing, product administration, and industry goal is to leverage the full power of.

Salesforce through strategic advisory, advocacy, philanthropy, and thought leadership efforts to convene the community, and work together to address both mission and technology focused issues.

Nonprofits and education institutions get access to talented Salesforce employees who volunteer to help them scale their mission and impact with the world’s 1 CRM platform.

Borneo Orangutan Survival UK, in partnership with the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF) in Indonesia, strives to create a world where orangutans are free from the threat of extinction and can live in the wild, unharmed by humans.

Not only does this partnership rescue, rehabilitate, and release orangutans back to the forest, but they also protect and rebuild the rainforest working alongside local and indigenous tribes.

BOSF cares for over 430 orangutans and, to date, have released almost 500 rehabilitated orangutans back to the wild.

To help them grow their mission success they turned to Salesforce but quickly realized they needed some expert guidance to get it set up.

Brodersen, to help show them how they could leverage Salesforce to support their fundraising and engagement needs.

Over the course of the project, she helped them gather requirements, prioritize user stories, build out a roadmap to reach their long term vision for the platform, and pointed them towards useful third party apps to help them get there.

The entire experience with Mariella Brodersen has been exceptional.

Her expertise, professionalism, and management skills are all top notch.

We have so enjoyed working with her, and it is reinforced time and time again why we chose Salesforce as our CRM.

This pro bono program for nonprofits is so appreciated.

The Salesforce.org Partner Ecosystem gives customers access to experts enabling them to take full advantage of the Salesforce platform.

We are able to see red flags and step in, address them in a timely manner.

We have an integrated view of constituents and programs and the ability to see trends for individuals, across programs, over time, and to conduct analysis.

We have the privilege of working with tremendously impactful organizations around the globe, all working towards solving the biggest challenges of our time.

Some of them are global development organizations, like the UN and the WHO, which are directly focused on a specific mission area to improve the state of the world.

Others are intermediary or convening organizations, which were founded with the purpose of supporting a global development organization and their mission, like Project Everyone.

SDGs, human rights, reduced inequality, education, and sustainability is a critical requirement.

Our collaboration with the OHCHR focuses on the promotion and awareness of human rights in the context of tech and business.

In 2020 and 2021, the Tech Human Rights team of the OHCHR leveraged the reach and resources of Salesforce to co create two Trailhead modules with Salesforce.org to make human rights knowledge more accessible by demonstrating the importance of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and shining a light on the business community’s responsibility to respect human rights.

So far, over 12,000 Trailhead users completed these modules.

Nations responsible for international public health.

During the coronavirus pandemic, our partnership with the WHO included several initiatives to advance global vaccine equity, such as collaborating on the GoGiveOne campaign and engaging our Pledge 1% network to expand the reach of their employee giving programming, reaching over 1.6 million in donations.

Salesforce also supported the COVAX initiative, co led by the WHO, Gavi, and CEPI, with a custom built platform to ensure that people in all corners of the world get access to COVID 19 vaccines.

Global Goals, and our partnership fuels those actions.

Forum, Cannes Lions, the UN General Assembly, and COP.

SDGs and collaborate with other corporations and nonprofits to drive progress towards the Goals.

Impact Labs is a collaborative program to co design innovative technology solutions that address the toughest social issues facing us today.

Salesforce platform and pro bono employee volunteers to take risks, find new solutions, and address complex social issues together.

The Commons program activates leaders in our community by giving volunteers a platform to solve common challenges so they can create and share solutions with others.

The Salesforce.org Hub is an online community for Salesforce.org customers, certified partners and staff.

Hub became The Salesforce.org Hub in the Trailblazer Community.

Trailblazer Community is to bridge these once siloed communities and to bring together expertise from Salesforce.org and Salesforce to solve world problems.

Salesforce.org Impact Labs is a collaborative program to co design innovative technology solutions that address the toughest issues facing us today.

We believe innovation is part creativity and part risk both things nonprofits, universities, schools and philanthropies don’t always have the luxury to explore.

We combine the expertise of nonprofits and educators with the power of the Salesforce ecosystem to take risks, find new solutions, and address complex social issues together.

Housing Homelessness Community members and employees came together to create the Service Match app to help improve access to vital services for people experiencing homelessness.

Black and Latinx learners by helping students navigate the FAFSA application.

Climate Action Currently, we have brought together community experts to address climate action.

They are co designing a technology solution to support low income communities of color that are most impacted by the climate crisis.

Inequity in our educational systems is a deeply rooted and longstanding challenge, one only exacerbated by the COVID 19 pandemic.

Federal financial aid is a crucial component to getting students, especially those from lower income backgrounds, into higher education.

This troubling decline in FAFSA applications indicates that the students who need the most assistance are getting stuck at the first step.

The Financial Aid Chatbot supports students as they complete the FAFSA by answering commonly asked questions about eligibility, providing guidance on every question in the application, and sending proactive reminders of upcoming local, state, and federal deadlines.

The Financial Aid Chatbot jumps in wherever students want to start, giving them quick and easy access to the information they need at any time of day.

The Financial Aid Chatbot content is open source, which allows organizations to customize it to their needs and expand on it for future iterations.

It joins a suite of bots offered by Salesforce.org Education Cloud to support students and augment the services that institutions provide.

The Impact Lab allowed me to connect with diverse peers from across the postsecondary success field who care deeply about equitable outcomes for students.

Each of us brought different experiences, but we all centered our work on the end user: students.

The Commons program activates leaders in our community by giving volunteers a platform to solve common challenges so they can create and share solutions with others, making it easier for nonprofits and schools to accomplish their mission using Salesforce technology.

Trish Perkins, a consultant and MVP who travels the world to help nonprofits manage their programs more effectively, kept seeing the same issue rural populations didn’t have consistent access to the internet which makes using Salesforce very difficult if not impossible.

To support these organizations, she needed to find a solution.

Instead of going it alone, Trish used the resources offered with the Commons program, and assembled a team of skilled volunteers to build a free, open source solution that will be available to anyone who needs it.

The Grassroots Mobile Survey app stores custom surveys on an Android or iPhone, enabling field workers, nurses, disaster response teams, or other volunteers to collect data and sync it back to their Salesforce org once connected to the internet.

Since the migration into the Trailblazer Community in November 2021, group membership has grown by 7% from 55,179 to 59,180 members.

War Child reaches more children in conflict zones with Salesforce.

But when the news teams head home and the cameras stop rolling, it’s the local people that are left to pick up the pieces.

War Child helps families and children who are traumatised and displaced to get their lives back on track.

When you pull a child out of the pile of rubble that used to be their home, that’s not the end of their story.

We reunite families, offer psychosocial support, and help to get children back to school.

We want to give them some faith in the future by bringing some stability to their lives.

With 32 million displaced children in the world, War Child needs to keep growing and increase funding to expand its reach.

We love the way that Salesforce has supported our vision from day one it’s introduced us to a whole network of other NGOs.

In our sector, blazing a trail is not about beating the competition it’s about sharing knowledge to enable other organisations to help more people in the world enjoy better lives.

With Salesforce, we can tap into a wealth of knowledge and new opportunities.

After a year, we had the confidence to go solo and have been customising the Nonprofit Success Pack to work for us ever since.

Change to Between 2012 and 2020, War Child business platform supporting all departments from fundraising and increased the number of people it assisted from 28,000 to 171,992. programme management to finance.

With smarter processes and richer data, we can now make every 1 that we programme history and classifying income, which has freed up our team raise goes further, said Johnson.

Salesforce has helped us maximise our from manual processes, said Katie Johnson, former Head of Individual resources so we can reach more people in need.

When Texas Tech University (TTU) launched a strategic plan to grow enrollment from 30,000 students to 40,000 in 10 years, its recruitment teams were skeptical but determined.

Achieving such a mission would require taking a close look at TTU’s recruitment, admissions, and marketing practices and the technology that supported their work.

TTU also needed to carefully consider the student experience and how they could accomplish rapid growth while maintaining the quality education and strong sense of community they were renowned for.

The importance of having a versatile and dependable communications platform became clear for TTU, especially during the COVID 19 pandemic.

Salesforce quickly became the tool for all COVID 19 related enhancing the student experience using Salesforce to increase communications going out to students, parents, staff, and faculty.

Salesforce diversity and improve the overall quality of education.

It was able to target and segment its constituents by population set and move from a one size fits all marketing approach to highly personalized communications and messaging.

Salesforce also helped TTU carry out A B communicating with prospective students on a personal level earlier in the recruiting process.

It was critical for us to be nimble, flexible and able to communicate quickly in a way that was on brand.

Marketing for the Division of Enrollment Management.

In 10 years, the university saw a six fold increase in Black students and an eight fold increase in Hispanic students.

Research I universities in the country that is also designated as a team and TTU’s communicators.

It boasted record enrollment rates and, in 2020, it surpassed its goal of 40,000 students.

President for Enrollment Management said, We’ve had record success in a lot of different places and a lot of that can be attributed to Salesforce.

It will a first year retention rate of 87.6% and a six year graduation rate of definitely play a very large role in the future of Texas Tech.

The 2022 Salesforce.org Community Impact Report celebrates the strides that Salesforce.

Working with our stakeholders, bono services, the value of employee volunteering and the value of technology discounts we’ve identified outcomes across our three primary portfolios: Technology, Community, and donations.

Salesforce’s Impact Measurement Reporting (IMR) team employs a variety of data collection and analysis methods to determine our social impact.

Powering the Purpose of Our Customers describe our processes section by section.

The OCOS is tied directly to our impact framework the organization to determine the appropriate outcomes and intended impact.

This report covers Salesforce.org’s product donation and Pro Bono Program.

Salesforce aims to capture the totality of financial contributions to the social sector in a transparent, replicable and consistent way.

Calculation is based on feedback from McPherson Strategies, Salesforce Finance Team and Salesforce Revenue Recognition team and input from the valuation and technical accounting advisory practices of a leading professional services firm.

Value is made up of the the value of employee pro bono services (valued at 195 hour, sourced from CECP 2020) and the value of technology donation and discount.

The value and leverages impact measurement best practices.

AMER 294, EMEA 71, APAC 23) continuously throughout Fiscal 22, to learn about progress on customer outcomes, about how Salesforce is supporting customer organizations in meeting their missions, and where we can grow.

Excel were used for quantitative and qualitative data analysis respectively.

In addition to the OCOS, between March and May 2022, the Salesforce IMR team conducted Customer Impact Interviews.

In these interviews, customers were asked of Salesforce.org Technology Donation and Discount is made up of the value of Salesforce about how the use of Salesforce contributes to their efficiency, effectiveness, community products resold by Salesforce.org at a significant discount, the value of the 10 free licenses offered to nonprofit and education institutions under the Power of Us program, and the value of pre configured customization packages offered to the social sector free of charge (i.e.

Nonprofit Success Pack, Education Data Architecture).

The value of products sold or donated is based on the estimated price Salesforce would have received if a connection, and innovation.

To ensure a representative sample, we stratified by organization size, geographic location, product vertical, and level of engagement.

Interviews were recorded, transcribed, anonymized, and then analyzed in Microsoft Excel to extract common themes.

The final sample of participating organizations and individuals were kept confidential, and not shared outside of the IMR team.

Ultimately, we interviewed comparable product was sold to a for profit business of similar size and location, less the representatives from 28 organizations across the Nonprofit, K 12, and Higher Education price that Salesforce received, if any, for the same product from a qualified nonprofit, verticals (compared to 35 the previous year).

When a comparable Salesforce product price is not readily available, a ratio of the weighted average of the Salesforce price to a for profit company compared to Salesforce price to a nonprofit company ratio is used to estimate the social value.

Footnote LinkCommunity Impact Report, 5th Edition  Copyright 2022, Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved.