Our Code of Ethics makes clear our commitment to take care of our employees.

This section describes the steps we take to promote an inclusive workplace in all areas of our business.

Empower our workforce and strengthen our culture by creating an environment where all employees feel a sense of belonging that they are accepted, included, respected and supported because of who they are.

Demonstrate leadership commitment to equity through consistent communication, education and support of diversity and inclusion initiatives within the organization.

It has always been Costco policy that employees deserve an environment free from all forms of unlawful employment discrimination.

All decisions regarding recruiting, hiring, promotion, assignment, training, termination, and other terms and conditions of employment will be made without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work related injury, covered military or veteran status, political ideology or expression, genetic information, marital status, or other protected status.

Costco’s philosophy of creating an inclusive and respectful workplace is part of our goal to ensure that everyone feels included and respected in all aspects of our business.

We know that embracing di erences is important to the growth of our company as it leads to opportunities, innovation and employee satisfaction.

In scal year (FY) 2022, Costco appointed its rst full time Diversity Equity O cer (CDO), who reports directly to the CEO.

The CDO, along with Costco’s Inclusion Committee, with oversight from the company’s executive Diversity Advisory Committee, has developed a Diversity, Equity Inclusion strategy that outlines Costco’s commitment to its members, employees and suppliers.

The strategy is built on four pillars: Inclusion, Employee Development, Communities and Supplier Diversity.

The role of the CDO is to support the advancement of inclusion at Costco, the growth of a diverse employee base, our relationships in the communities where we do business, and an increase in our base of diverse suppliers.

In FY20, Costco worked through a series of company wide discussions led by management on a variety of topics around inclusion.

Topics included (but were not limited to): unconscious bias, microaggressions, inclusive leadership, mentorship and sponsorship, and allyship.

We challenged our employees to create open and inclusive environments in which we could all jointly engage in these di cult conversations.

In FY22, Costco piloted a program called Costco Connects with a select number of warehouses.

This program was designed to enable creating a more open and inclusive environment at the warehouse o ering a space for employees to share their perspectives and discuss any topics, whether work related or personal.

The success of the pilot led to a full rollout company wide that started in FY23.

In FY22 Costco added a fourth oating holiday for employees, giving them another option to celebrate holidays that are important to them (for example, Juneteenth, Indigenous Peoples’ Day and Veterans Day).

Our workforce is representative of the communities where we do business.

We closely monitor demographic data at all levels across the organization.

Among Costco’s global workforce, 53.5% identify as male and 46.5% as female.

In Supervisor Manager positions in our global operations, 62.5% identify as male and 37.5% as female.

Here’s a look at our global gender report for FY22.

For our global numbers, we use our own internal de nition for Supervisors Managers .

More information about the demographics of Costco’s U.S. workforce can be found in this Equal Employment Opportunity summary.

Our 11 member Board of Directors has three women and one person of color.

For the company’s U.S. o cers (Assistant Vice President and above), 26.5% identify as women and 18.6% identify as a race or ethnicity other than White.

More information about our diversity e orts within our communities can be found on the Communities page in our People Communities section, under Community Investment.

See more about how we work with diverse suppliers on the Supplier Diversity page in our People Communities section.

Taking care of our employees is part of our Code of Ethics.

A satis ed, challenged and respected workforce is the foundation of our success.

Provide all employees with training, education and opportunities for career development and advancement.

Ensure there is fair access and resources to help employees succeed.

Encourage leaders to continue to teach, mentor and sponsor employees, so that they will be ready to be considered for opportunities and greater responsibility.

Encourage employees to take advantage of opportunities for development and advancement.

Everywhere we do business, we seek to provide competitive wages and bene ts to our employees.

The vast majority of Costco’s workforce consists of hourly employees in warehouse locations.

We compensate these hourly employees well by retail standards, especially as they work up the pay scale.

This helps us in the long run by minimizing turnover and enhancing employee productivity, commitment and loyalty.

We encourage our employees to view Costco as a place for a long term career rather than just a job.

In the U.S., we provide generous bene ts, including a ordable health care coverage for full and part time employees, and sizable contributions to company sponsored retirement plans, based on years of service.

We provide twice yearly bonuses, which we refer to as Extra Checks, for tenured hourly employees.

We believe our paid sick, vacation and leave policies for hourly employees are very competitive by retail standards.

We have adopted operational practices designed to bene t our hourly workforce, such as a 50% full time ratio, guarantees of minimum scheduled hours and weekly schedules posted at least two weeks in advance.

Our worldwide policies and practices are designed to mirror our practices in the U.S., subject to local regulations, customs and market conditions.

For salaried management in our locations, as well as positions in the corporate and regional o ces, we also seek to provide competitive compensation and bene ts.

Although many salaried employees might nd higher compensation or better perks at other companies, our retention rates, particularly for longer term Costco employees, are very strong.

We believe our competitive compensation and bene ts, opportunities for growth and advancement, and the stability and culture of the company drive our strong retention rates.

In the U.S., our employees average over nine years of service with the company.

Over 60% of U.S. employees have ve or more years with Costco, and over one third have more than 10 years.

Costco also has long tenured workforces elsewhere, particularly in more mature markets in Canada, the UK, Mexico and parts of Asia.

Worldwide, we have over 13,500 employees who have more than 25 years of Costco service.

We feel the experience level and loyalty of our employees is a great asset for us.

A related advantage comes from our philosophy and practice of promoting from within our employee ranks.

We are proud of the fact that the vast majority of our warehouse managers worldwide began their Costco careers in hourly positions.

In addition, a majority of our corporate and regional o ce employees started in our warehouses, depots and business centers.

These programs, available worldwide, allow our warehouse employees to maintain their employment status while attending college.

This voluntary program o ers all employees opportunities to succeed through education, mentoring and connection.

SIT o ers a way for warehouse employees to get a foot in the door for future management opportunities.

Employees can sign up for training in an area of the business they would like to pursue.

We also updated and expanded the opportunities within SIT for hourly employees, resulting in a larger candidate pool.

We have a 12 week program designed to provide supervisor level merchandising training to management without merchandising experience.

Merchandising is an important element of the competencies required of a warehouse general manager, a key position at Costco.

This recruiting program was created to draw talent from our warehouses, depots and all other operational units for positions in the home and regional o ces.

The program educates employees on the roles in Buying, IT, Accounting, Ecommerce and Human Resources.

We believe that bringing di erent perspectives, as well as operational knowledge, into our home and regional o ces will be good for both our business and employees.

Costco employees know that an important factor in our past and future success has been and will be our commitment to simplicity, value, fairness, member service and always striving to do what is right.

Our employees are essential to teaching and reinforcing Costco’s unique culture.

It is imperative that we continue to perpetuate this culture throughout the company, wherever we do business.

We encourage an atmosphere of openness and support with our Open Door Policy, which allows any employee to discuss any issue with any level of management.

All Costco employees and suppliers are expected to promptly report actual or suspected violations of law and our Code of Ethics.

Multiple reporting options are available, ranging from the Open Door Policy to our con dential and anonymous ethics hotline available globally in multiple languages at www.costco.ethicspoint.com.

As a measurement of engagement, Costco conducts an annual global employee engagement survey to obtain feedback concerning ethics, compliance and engagement.

The survey has had a signi cant participation rate of 75% and indicates a high level of satisfaction by employees with their work environment.

Where there are opportunities for improved engagement, Costco leadership is committed to taking action in those areas.

Our business is successful not only when we provide quality merchandise at a good value for our members, but also when we contribute to the well being of the communities where we do business and where our employees, members and suppliers live and work.

We work to achieve this through charitable contributions, volunteer work and low cost health services in our warehouses.

Provide an inclusive shopping environment for our members, and support our local communities through charitable giving and service.

In our charitable contributions, give special focus to those organizations that serve underrepresented groups in our communities.

Invest in key programs that make a di erence in communities.

Encourage employees to serve and participate with community organizations.

Costco is committed to being active and supportive in our local communities.

We budget 1% of pretax pro ts for selected charitable contributions focused on children, education, and health and human services.

Our Charitable Contributions Committee meets quarterly to determine which programs to support and how to best meet the needs within our communities.

We have a particular interest in those organizations that serve historically underrepresented groups in our communities.

In scal year (FY) 2022, we contributed over 65 million to hundreds of organizations through a variety of charitable programs and grants.

Examples include American Red Cross, United Way, Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, Communities in Schools, Feeding America, American Red Cross, College Success Foundation, Thurgood Marshall College Fund, United Negro College Fund and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.

Visit the list of our top U.S. recipients for FY22.

We provide nancial assistance for underrepresented minorities, including scholarships and other educational opportunities to help ll the nancial gap.

In the past 22 years, we’ve raised over 75 million through the Costco Scholarship Fund for scholarships for underrepresented minorities to attend the University of Washington or Seattle University over 2,000 scholarships have been awarded.

We’ve donated over 70 million to other schools and organizations for scholarships and educational opportunities for underrepresented minorities.

In 2022 alone, we donated over 9 million for scholarships and other educational opportunities.

We helped establish and have donated more than 11 million to the College Success Foundation, which is dedicated to supporting underserved, low income students beginning in middle school and continuing through college.

More information about our charitable programs can be found on the Charitable Contributions page.

The primary objective of the BEDF is to target Black led or Black owned nancial institutions, developers, businesses and anchor institutions with improved access to capital in order to incentivize economic activity and wealth building opportunities in Black communities across America.

EOCLF will partner with Community Development Financial Institutions to improve access to capital for minority entrepreneurs and also provide coaching and mentorship.

Our goal is to donate to the communities where we operate to support those in need, and we do so in several ways.

In FY22, we contributed 5.5M in cash grants and over 90 million pounds of food and other products from our U.S. warehouses and depots to Feeding America.

All of our international locations also donate to local food banks.

Our food donation programs are part of our waste minimization e orts.

We follow the Food Waste Hierarchy to prevent wasting food and keep it out of land lls.

For details, see the Minimizing Waste page in our Operations section.

In addition, we make e orts in multiple ways that enhance food security for millions of people through our o erings of a ordable and nutritious food.

To learn more, review our Report on Food Security.

Costco continues to grow its program with World Vision to donate rst quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or returned to the supplier.

These goods go to people in countries around the world.

More information can be found in the Costco World Vision Summary, which contains a list of the items donated and stories that illustrate the impact of these donations.

The Costco Volunteer Center mission is to inspire our employees and their families to volunteer in the communities where they live and work.

Watch this United Way video to learn more about how Costco employees engage with the community.

Costco’s Volunteer Reading Program, which began in 1998, is now in more than 450 warehouses in the U.S., Canada and Australia.

Over 70% of eligible locations participate, with over 2,600 volunteers contributing their time to this successful program.

We paused the program for two years due to COVID 19, but it has been relaunched for the 2022 23 school year.

Costco o ers low cost, quality eye care through independent optometrists and our optical departments, hearing aid services and supplies in our hearing aid centers, and prescriptions and other health related products in our pharmacies.

Costco also o ers u shots and other immunizations, health screenings and other health related programs.

We are continuing to provide COVID 19 support by o ering vaccines as referenced below.

Specialty drug customized pharmacy services that require patient speci c dosing and careful clinical management.

More information can be found at Specialty Drug Programs.

Access to naloxone without a prescription in 47 states, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico.

Naloxone is a life saving medication that reverses an opioid overdose.

Prescriptions for contraceptives in California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Oregon, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia and Washington, with the intent to roll out the program where allowed by law.

Travel Medicine Services in California, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Oregon, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin, which includes a pre travel consultation to determine any health risks based on your itinerary and activities, a review of your health history and immunization status, tips on how to stay healthy during your trip, and a list of the recommended immunizations and medications.

Since the start of the U.S. COVID vaccine campaign, Costco Pharmacies have given over 3.9 million vaccines to date, including partnering with school districts and organizations.

Costco Health Solutions (CHS) o ers an alternative prescription bene ts program dedicated to delivering the best pharmacy care to employers and their members.

This includes cost e ective, high quality clinical programs that provide CHS members with care to help meet their health and quality of life goals.

Our PBM program guarantees that 100% of all discounts from manufacturers for prescriptions will be passed back to the employer.

Companies that participate in Costco’s prescription bene t program typically reduce costs by 10 to 25%.

Independent Doctors of Optometry located at or next to Costco Optical in most states.

Licensed and or Certi ed Opticians to answer eye care questions.

Costco has 738 hearing aid centers worldwide, sta ed by licensed hearing aid specialists.

Besides providing hearing aid tests and low cost, high quality hearing aid devices, Costco also helps to improve the education of Hearing Aid Specialists through the Hearing Aid Apprenticeship Program.

As a result, Costco has helped more than 1,200 people in the U.S. become hearing aid specialists since 2006.

Working with quali ed minority and women owned suppliers in the communities where we do business is consistent with our overall commitment as a company to foster an inclusive environment.

Our buyers work closely with quali ed suppliers to get their products into Costco.

Work with quali ed minority and women owned suppliers in our communities to provide greater opportunities to do business with Costco.

Partner with community organizations to identify quali ed diverse suppliers to support our business.

Since 2005, Costco’s buying teams have worked with small businesses in our Supplier Diversity program.

In the typical scenario, we have featured their products in select regional warehouses or online at Costco.com.

These items are a part of our unique Treasure Hunt variety of products that complement the everyday essentials at Costco.

Our diverse suppliers provide us innovative pr Our diverse suppliers pr skin care solutions.

Here are are snapshots of a few fr ovide us innovative products, fr e snapshots of a few from the r om snacks to o ecent past.

Partake was founded in 2016 by Denise Woodard, a mom who saw a gap in delicious, shareable, allergy friendly foods when her daughter, Vivienne, was born with food allergies.

Seeking better options and coming up way short, Denise decided to create her own.

What started as selling cookies from her car is now a growing line of cookies, baking mixes and breakfast mixes in 9,000 stores nationwide.

Her business received a nancial boost from the Fearless Fund, which invests in women of color led businesses (and is supported by Costco).

The brand believes in small moments of joy, radical inclusivity and helping other women and Black, Indigenous and people of color as we climb, says Denise.

Denise and her team have plans to grow the business to meet their customers where they are.

She adds, And through the growth of our business, we’re able to increase the positive impact we have on underserved communities.

Growing up as a vegan, kids teased Ayind Howell that all he could eat was grass.

Now he’s the owner, executive chef and lead innovator of iEatGrass, which makes a line of pastas and sauces, anchored by Mac Yease a unique twist on the staple macaroni and cheese.

Ayind ’s goal is to create food that is above the current standard for plant based food of pretty good.

That means real food with real avor, making you want to come back for more.

I believe that food is the great equalizer, Ayind says.

We break bread over the good times and the tough times.

The act of cooking or preparing food for your loved ones and friends is one of the simplest and oldest rituals we perform every day.

I want the food I make to bring happiness, joy and wonderful memories to the table.

Sarah Zubiate has a mission to create plant based, avorful and allergen free products that can be enjoyed by all.

It was all driven by her concern for her 80 year old parents who had degenerative health issues.

She set out to develop healthy, avorful products crafted with simple ingredients that also pay homage to her Mexican American heritage.

Zubi’s has grown into a selection of small batch, big Latin taste salsas.

Sarah says having Zubi’s in Costco gave the brand valuable brand exposure.

Looking ahead, she and her team are developing new snack packs with a dream of growing distribution across the country.

In Jing Gao’s hometown of Chengdu, China, small urban eateries are known as y restaurants hole in the wall places so good that they attract diners like ies.

The avors of Jing’s home is the inspiration behind the company she founded, Fly by Jing.

The company o ers a line of spices, sauces and dumplings for never a bland moment cooking.

We are a premium Chinese food company that brings thoughtfully crafted, all natural pantry staples to the modern kitchen, Jing says.

Chinese food has always had a bad rep in the West, and we’re on a mission to show that Chinese food can have the highest quality ingredients plus change perceptions around biases as it relates to food and culture.

She says working with Costco helped her company cross a threshold into mainstream grocery.

And the future My long term plan for Fly by Jing is to be the next modern Asian household name in food, and to demystify and destigmatize Chinese avors in the West, she says.

Are you interested in selling products at Costco or providing a service Click this link for further details.

Costco is committed to respecting and protecting the human rights, safety and dignity of the people who contribute to the success of our business.

As a retailer with operations, logistics and merchandise supply chains spanning the globe, we recognize the impact we can have on the human rights of individuals directly and indirectly related to our business.

Our human rights procedures, goals and programs pertain to our employees and to the people in the supply chains that produce goods for Costco.

We have adopted policies and procedures around key human rights topics that are guided by our Code of Ethics, important to all levels of our organization, and aligned with such international instruments as the United Nations Guiding Principles (UNGPs) on Business and Human Rights the International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

Our employee related rights are overseen and managed by senior management for each business unit.

Supply chain programs are overseen by the head of Global Sustainability Compliance, who reports directly to the CEO and regularly engages the executive team and the Board of Directors on our human rights due diligence e orts.

To further our commitment in this critical area, we commissioned an independent gap analysis, comparing our policies and e orts with the UNGPs.

We will use this analysis to improve our human rights program and further our alignment with the UNGPs.

Our Code of Ethics is found in the company’s handbook, called the Employee Agreement, which outlines the speci c policies to ensure a safe, productive and respectful work environment for everyone.

We conduct a survey of all U.S. employees every three years to assess the e ectiveness of our e orts and to revise and update the Employee Agreement.

The Employee Agreement is provided to all employees and is available on demand in hard copy and electronically on the company’s Intranet site.

An additional way we assess the impact of our policies and workplace environment is by conducting our global employee engagement surveys.

We have experienced a signi cant participation rate of 75% or higher and a high favorability rate (about 80%) overall.

The results show that Costco employees feel a strong sense of belonging.

Further, the survey helps us gauge how well our Open Door policy is working (for details, see the Employee Development page in our People Communities section).

We have consistently found that a vast majority of employees know how to access the various Open Door channels available if they have a workplace concern and feel equally comfortable doing so.

As a way to track our performance and stay united in our mission, executives from across the globe meet at Costco’s headquarters every period (approximately 30 days) to report on the health of the business and discuss, among other things, events that may have an impact on employees and our related response.

At the core of Costco’s philosophy is our intention to do the right thing.

This principle is taught and encouraged at all levels of the company.

In recognition of the importance of respecting human rights in our supply chain, we adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct ( the Code ).

The Code is global and applies to all suppliers and their facilities, as well as to Costco owned manufacturing facilities.

To align with international standards, the Code is derived from the policies, standards and conventions of the United Nations and the International Labour Organization, as well as other leading independent standards, such as the Responsible Business Alliance and Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP).

Where any applicable laws and regulations are absent, or exceeded by the Code, Costco expects its suppliers to uphold the higher standard.

In general, suppliers are contractually required to follow the Code.

The Code and our Code of Ethics are routinely highlighted at events for both employees and suppliers to clearly communicate Costco’s commitments to human rights.

The Code was established to protect the human rights and safety of the people who produce, process, harvest and transport the products we sell, while recognizing and respecting cultural and legal di erences found worldwide.

Prohibits slave labor, human tra cking, illegal child labor, illegal prison labor, abuse, harassment, bribery or attempted bribery, and health and safety conditions posing immediate risk to life and limb.

Expects our suppliers to comply, at a minimum, with the applicable labor and environmental laws and regulations of the country where the merchandise is produced.

Encourages our suppliers to work to achieve what we call Above and Beyond Goals.

While we have allowed suppliers to use legal prison labor to support rehabilitation and restitution, under speci c conditions that are outlined in our Global Policy on Prison Labor, we continue to transition away from our limited use, as set forth in our 2022 Statement on Prison Labor.

Given the number of suppliers Costco has and their geographic dispersion, it is necessary to be strategic and selective with our e orts to mitigate human rights risks while supporting those most vulnerable in our supply chains.

This risk based approach is leveraged, in part, by internal expertise from our buying sourcing, sustainability and compliance teams, as well as by frequent consultation with various external stakeholders who have signi cant experience on the ground in supply chains.

Additionally, we consider prior audit performance and data analytics from a third party platform that analyzes political, human rights, economic and environmental risk indices.

This work has helped us to identify risks and to build programs and initiatives (varying by industry and geography) to support the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, mitigate the risks of child and forced labor, and strengthen our broader sustainability e orts.

Examples of these programs are described below under Priority Industries for Strategic Collaboration.

Likewise, this risk assessment process informs our approach to targeting audits of supplier facilities against the Code standards.

We emphasize auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature merchandise and suppliers whose product or country of origin poses an increased risk.

We continue to expand the scope of our audits to increase on farm audits for produce and fabric mill audits for Kirkland Signature apparel and domestics.

In scal year (FY) 2022, 5,305 independent third party audits were conducted in 87 countries, primarily at the nal manufacturer or processor level of the supply chain.

For facilities considered intermediate to high risk, audits are required annually at a minimum, and more frequently if corrective actions to the Code violations require on site veri cation.

For suppliers who are in full compliance with the Code, subsequent audits may be less frequent.

Of the 5,305 independent third party audits conducted, 3,964 were conducted against the Code’s standards.

For facilities considered intermediate to high risk, these audits were carried out on a partially announced basis, providing the facility with a two week window of when the audit would take place.

This limited advanced notice is provided in order to take the facility’s security measures into consideration and to allow the supplier to collect records that are reviewed during the audit.

Fully unannounced audits are carried out on occasion, typically in response to tips received by our con dential ethics hotline (explained below).

Audits include both the workplace where production takes place, as well as any on site worker housing.

Many of our suppliers have existing programs to verify compliance with their own codes of conduct or with independent compliance audit standards.

Upon review of the program and standards applied, Costco may accept these reports in lieu of audits against the Code.

These audits make up the remaining 1,341 reports accepted in FY22.

Acceptance depends on a variety of factors, such as industry and geographic risks for human rights violations and prior audit history.

With very few exceptions that require Costco’s review and approval, all audits are required to be conducted by a member of the Association of Professional Social Compliance Auditors (ASPCA).

As an industry association whose members represent a substantial majority of the Social Compliance audit industry, APSCA exists to enhance the professionalism, consistency and credibility of the individuals and organizations performing independent social compliance audits.

For FY22, below are the results of the audits conducted against the Code’s standards.

Critical Performance: received a score of 0 39 based on both qualitative and quantitative assessments 2.

Low Performance: received a score of 40 69 based on both qualitative and quantitative assessments 3.

Intermediate Performance: received a score of 70 89 based on both qualitative and quantitative assessments 4.

High performance grades range from no violations to only minor violations of the Code.

These are facilities with very strong management systems in place to meet the high standards of the Code.

Additionally, the audit reports capture and emphasize all instances of facilities going above and beyond the standards and expectations of local laws and the Code.

These include a variety of bene ts and or services provided to the workforce, and or actions to mitigate the facility’s environmental impacts.

Illegal child labor FFororced, bonded, indentur labor, and human tr labor Physical or se xual abuse.

Corruption, deception or falsi cation of r Corruption, deception or falsi cation of recor ecords.ds.

In FY22, 62% of all Critical V In FY22, 62% of all Critical Violations wer speci cally, instances where ther speci cally, instances wher gency exit was lock an emergency e an emer xit was locked.

Depending on the severity or lack of remediation of any Code violations, we reserve the right to terminate our relationship or purchase orders with a supplier and its facility and have done so.

Ultimately, however, Costco is committed to and prefers working with suppliers and their facilities that remediate Code violations, rather than applying sanctions that may cause further hardship to workers and their families.

We recognize there is room for continuous improvement and that some suppliers will need assistance with compliance.

For any supplier with an audit that reveals the need for improvement, Costco requires a CAP that includes a time frame for correcting each violation and often on site re audits to verify progress.

Costco also o ers capacity building services that improve management systems to address the causes of previous violations of the Code and ultimately support the supplier’s CAP completion.

Starting in FY22, Costco partnered with Elevate to o er eLearning video lessons.

These web based lessons (often in the local language) are designed to educate suppliers and their facilities on human rights related topics and provide guidance on correcting critical, low performance and intermediate violations.

The lessons give Costco suppliers tools to continuously improve.

In FY22, 7,518 lessons were completed by suppliers and or their facilities.

The most frequently used lessons cover the categories of Fire Safety, Working Hours and Health Safety.

Initial ndings indicate that these lessons have been helpful and upon re audit, many suppliers facilities improved their audit scores.

We have a global con dential ethics hotline to promote and monitor compliance with our Code of Ethics, our Supplier Code of Conduct, and other legal and ethical policies: www.costco.ethicspoint.com.

When we receive inquiries, we investigate appropriately.

Depending upon the issue, we may work with suppliers directly or conduct independent third party audits, and we may terminate our relationship with suppliers if appropriate remedial action is not taken.

To make sure our suppliers know of all these e orts, we shared the above aggregate audit results and other updates related to the Code at our annual Supplier Day event in the fall of 2022.

We continue to seek to mitigate the impacts of COVID 19 on workers in our supply chains.

Where circumstances have restricted the ability to conduct independent on site audits, we o er suppliers a self assessment (including a remote, independent review of supporting documentation) and worker survey.

This is to further the safety and security of our suppliers’ workers and that of the auditors.

We focus on educating our employees with buying responsibilities on the importance of the Code and their role in supporting it, through updated virtual training and in person presentations, which review its requirements.

In FY22, Costco employees responsible for the day to day management of the Code’s facility audits underwent a two day training conducted by WRAP sta members.

In addition to covering WRAP's 12 Principles, the training o ered examples of practical challenges faced by auditors, as well as raised employees’ awareness of the following: ILO Forced Labor indicators the UNGPs on Business and Human Rights the 17 UN’s Sustainable Development Goals and various due diligence laws and regulations from around the world.

We recognize that forced labor and human tra cking is a serious global problem and are taking steps to bring awareness and improvement to the issue.

A leading cause of modern slavery is the unethical recruitment of workers, which often involves exorbitant fees paid by workers to labor recruiters, the retention of passports or other personal documents, and labor contracts in a language not understood by the worker.

Costco helped establish and is an active member of the STF, a collaboration tackling human rights and environmental issues in the seafood industry.

We support the Responsible Recruitment Oversight working subgroup of the STF to advance the industry’s e orts for responsible labor recruitment.

The primary goal is to leverage the power of the STF’s membership to build demand for responsible recruitment practices throughout member supply chains.

Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment, as well as the Guidance on Responsibility for Recruitment Related Costs the latter of which is intended to guide the implementation of the STF Code of Conduct standard on recruitment and hiring related costs.

Costco and some of its fresh produce suppliers partner with CIERTO, an independent third party nonpro t that provides transparent, no worker fee recruitment for farm workers in order to ethically and legally recruit farm labor for U.S. agricultural products.

Costco has partnered with LaMP to develop educational materials on compliant international labor sourcing, with a particular focus on the H 2A visa program in the U.S.

These materials have been developed in collaboration with select Costco buyers of fresh produce and have been shared with the remainder of the U.S. fresh produce buying sta responsible for managing supplier relationships.

This material helps to raise awareness of prominent forced labor and modern slavery risks and prepare the buying sta to address this topic in discussions and eld visits with their suppliers.

Costco is a member of the RLI, which promotes the rights of workers vulnerable to forced labor globally.

This initiative represents another opportunity for Costco to join a diverse network of stakeholders focused on combating forced labor in our supply chains.

Through our work with the RLI, we will continue to focus on leveraging industry based e orts to reduce forced labor.

We work with Costco Travel suppliers to bring awareness to this issue.

We also work with Truckers Against Tra cking to educate our eet drivers, as well as other trucking service suppliers.

In response to human rights abuses associated with mining, Costco adopted a Con ict Minerals Policy Statement.

More information can be found in our Form SD and Con ict Minerals Report.

In addition to our e orts to address minerals under Section 1502 of the Dodd Frank Act (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold, commonly called 3TG and used in a wide variety of products), as of FY21 we added cobalt as a mineral of focus due to reported concerns over social and environmental impacts of cobalt extraction in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).

Additionally, beginning in FY22, our compliance program broadened the con ict areas of concern beyond the DRC and adjoining countries to include all Con ict A ected and High Risk Areas as de ned by the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development.

Costco has a program with our U.S. gold jewelry suppliers to map the supply chain and promote compliance with these sourcing standards: RJC Chain of Custody, RMI or LBMA.

We have developed a third party chain of custody review to support veri cation of the data identifying supply chain links back to the smelter re nery level.

Costco is a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), which helps companies address responsible sourcing of minerals used in many consumer products.

We use the RMI’s Con ict Minerals Reporting Template and Cobalt Reporting Template to trace the supply chain, and the RMI’s Responsible Minerals Assurance Process and database to monitor smelters and re ners in our supply chain that are likely to supply minerals of 3TG and cobalt.

Costco also leverages its membership in RMI to learn about emerging issues and best practices on responsible mineral sourcing, and to work on addressing shared challenges.

Costco recognizes that collaboration with multi stakeholder coalitions is key to addressing many of the issues we face, as social compliance audits alone will not fully address the complex issues of human rights in global supply chains.

Therefore, we have established or joined multiple e orts to help improve the working conditions of people within our supply chains.

As noted above, Costco is an active member of the Seafood Task Force (STF).

The STF is addressing human rights and environmental issues in the Thai shrimp and canned tuna supply chains, as well as the global tuna supply chain with a current focus on Taiwan.

The STF includes representatives from Thai shrimp feed manufacturers, shrimp and tuna processors, tuna brands and trading companies, certain major retailers in the U.S. and Europe, and nongovernmental organizations.

The STF continues to work with its members land based and sea based to implement its Monitoring and Evaluation Model that focuses on traceability, accountability and veri cation to demonstrate that farmed shrimp, marine ingredients (for shrimp feed) and wild caught tuna supply chains are traceable and internally assessed for supply chain risk.

The STF’s website explains how the organization is working to drive accountability, eliminate forced labor, increase transparency and build con dence in seafood supply chains.

The majority of Kirkland Signature chocolate products are made from cocoa sourced through sustainable programs, some of which are from Costco’s Sassandra Cocoa program, which involves cocoa from C te d’Ivoire.

Unfortunately, child labor is a long term systemic issue in cocoa supply chains and requires a multi faceted approach focusing on continuous improvement and broadening awareness.

We have had child labor monitoring and remediation programs in place for several years.

When cases of child labor are identi ed, our partners begin to work on implementing a remediation plan for that family.

They also conduct follow up visits to ensure the remediation plan is e ective.

Increasing access to quality education through building classrooms.

Facilitating the issuance of birth certi cates, which allow children to attend school.

Building awareness in the community of the dangers to children including, but not limited to, carrying heavy loads, using machetes and exposure to pesticides.

Supporting women through various programs to provide them with skills and resources that help them support and champion their families’ welfare and education.

For more details on cocoa sourcing, see the Cocoa Co ee page in our Merchandising section.

Costco is part of a fresh produce multi stakeholder e ort that includes farmers, suppliers, buyers and NGOs to improve labor practices, environmental stewardship and food safety for the bene t of workers, agricultural communities, businesses and consumers.

Costco has been the largest single investor donor to EFI’s development, with over 2.5 million contributed since 2018.

Costco pays a premium for EFI certi ed produce, to directly compensate farmworkers for the extra e ort they provide in meeting EFI’s rigorous standards.

Costco is the largest payer of the EFI premiums, 87% of which go directly to farm worker bonuses.

Since 2014, Costco has paid 15.9 million in premiums that have funded almost 14 million in worker bonuses.

Ten percent of this premium is paid to EFI as a licensing fee for use of the Responsibly Grown, Farmworker Assured label.

Licensing fees fund EFI’s marketing e orts to build grower, buyer and consumer awareness of the program.

Workers and managers with training on con ict resolution and problem solving strategies to promote continuous improvement and to comply with rigorous standards.

Workers with training on pesticide safety and personal protective equipment free of charge.

More information can be found on the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page in our Merchandising section (under Pollinator Health ).

More information can be found on the Costco Connection article, Fairness in farming, and the EFI website.

Costco and several of its produce suppliers support a program with Fair Trade USA, which directly engages with farmworkers to promote sustainable incomes, safe working conditions, responsible labor recruitment, environmental stewardship and transparent supply chains.

For every Fair Trade Certi ed product sold, farmers and workers earn an additional amount of money, empowering them to improve their lives and ght poverty.

Since 2014, the total amount raised from Costco’s Fair Trade Certi ed produce purchases is 18.8 million.

Training on food safety and quality, labor rights, workplace health and safety, and family nancial planning.

Improved communication, processes and leadership teams.

In FY19, Costco began to support the e orts of the Produce Marketing Association and the United Fresh Produce Association (now combined to be the International Fresh Produce Association) to create an industry wide framework on the responsible production and procurement of fresh fruit, vegetables and owers.

This mission is captured by the Ethical Charter, of which Costco is one of many endorsers representing the fresh produce industry, including growers, labor agencies, packers, distributors, foodservice operators, marketers and retailers.

In FY20, Costco and others worked to develop a pilot aimed at educating and building the capacity of select produce suppliers to strengthen their alignment with the Ethical Charter.

The pilot concluded in May 2021 and key ndings showed the e ectiveness of providing virtual training and advisory services focused on building management systems.

Growers also validated the use of self assessment questionnaires to measure compliance with the Ethical Charter.

We will continue to work with various industry stakeholders to take the learnings from the pilot program and further develop scalable solutions for the fresh produce industry.

With the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety having ceased operations as originally planned following its ve year commitment, several former Alliance members and other brands have remained committed to sustaining the culture of factory safety in Bangladesh by launching Nirapon, a U.S. based organization tasked with monitoring the ongoing safety, training and helpline e orts of the factories from which Nirapon members source.

Costco supports these e orts by requiring suppliers who source from Bangladesh to either be active members of Nirapon or to support comparable e orts in place at the factory, thereby continuing the work of addressing building safety in the apparel industry of Bangladesh.

The sourcing of cotton presents particular challenges with respect to forced labor around the world.

With that in mind, Costco has joined a Forced Labor Working Group, which consists of brands and trade associations, to share best practices and innovative approaches to mitigate forced labor risks, with a speci c focus on apparel and home textile supply chains.

Additionally, in 2020, we began a cotton supply chain mapping program, which requires document veri cation, to further understand where the cotton in our apparel products originates.

The program covers Kirkland Signature apparel and home textile products.

Various screening processes are also applied to the manufacturing entities involved in these supply chains to promote compliance with trade sanction laws.

Most recently, as of FY22, the due diligence steps above have been supplemented by select product testing by Oritain, which uses forensic testing to verify the origin of the cotton.

Costco is aware of its responsibility to design and construct its sites and buildings in an energy e cient, sustainable and environmentally responsible manner.

With nearly 850 Costco warehouses built around the world, we have learned smart approaches to the design and construction process and are always learning more.

Our warehouse designs are generally consistent with the requirements of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), an internationally accepted benchmark for green building design and construction.

Technological advancements and improved building materials have helped in this area.

For example, thanks to engineering and design improvements, we can use less materials, such as columns and roof joists, while providing more strength.

And our preferred full metal buildings use the maximum amount of recycled material and reduce construction and maintenance costs.

This sustainable approach extends to the surrounding environment and ecosystem.

As we plan new buildings, we are mindful of wetlands and habitats, and preserve natural wonders in designing our landscaping.

We aim to provide larger trees, greater planting density, drought tolerant species, native and ornamental vegetation in lieu of manicured lawns in the landscapes surrounding our buildings.

Read below to learn more about the steps we take to consider sustainability as we expand our network of Costcos around the world.

In some cases, we have been able to use an existing building for a new Costco.

Besides minimizing the environmental impact, this adaptive reuse in some cases supports historic preservations.

In Thorncli e Park, Ontario, Canada, our warehouse located in suburban Toronto is part of a building built in 1964, designated as a heritage site and considered one of the last remaining examples of mid 20th century modernist commercial architecture in the region.

Costco architects were able to save the historic facade through incorporating the warehouse entry and food court in the warehouse setting.

In Stevenage, England, we adapted a building originally built in 1963 in consultation with F lix Candela, the Spanish Mexican architect.

Besides helping to preserve a historically and architecturally important structure, we were able to use less new building material.

In building our new warehouses, we choose materials with a high percentage of recycled content to reduce the use of virgin resources.

New U.S., Canada, Mexico, and some international locations in Spain, Taiwan and Australia use prefabricated structural steel systems that are made with recycled content and can eventually be recycled again.

Metal building insulation uses ECOSE Technology, which contains an average of 61% recycled content.

We use recycled asphalt in new parking lots, with recycled concrete base material, if available.

When we can, we take other steps to reduce the use of resources and to save money.

Roofs maintain a re ectance rating of .67, emittance of .85 and SRI of 81, lessening the heat gain on the roof.

The erection e ciency of the structural system (columns, beams, trusses and bracing) and envelope (metal roof and siding) reduce the overall construction duration, saving time and money.

High e ciency restroom xtures save 32% more water.

Mechanical heat from refrigeration systems is captured t o preheat hot water tanks.

Costco worked with local entities to integrate a new warehouse within a park called Parque La Mexicana.

This project started with clearing land that had historically been used as a municipal waste land ll.

The new warehouse has a landscaped green roof, featuring a variety of drought tolerant and low water use succulents, pre built hives for pollinators, and an elaborate watering system using recycled water for landscape irrigation and toilets throughout the project.

On top of the adjacent parking garage is a soccer eld, skate park and basketball and sports courts.

A local park association will operate the sports facilities.

Recovery of rainwater for watering and water retention system.

Optimization of natural lighting to minimize consumption linked to arti cial lighting.

Implementation of water and energy meters for each type of use in order to monitor and optimize consumption together with sanitary ttings to reduce water consumption.

Ten electric charging stations available for members to recharge their vehicles.

Costco experiments with vegetation removal using goats, with programs in Oregon, Texas and Washington.

These programs can save us money in landscaping costs and eliminate the use of herbicides to kill unwanted and invasive vegetation.

We continue to look for opportunities to expand this program where it makes sense.

Natural preservation of natural wonders or indigenous lands is also important to Costco and our landscaping designs try to take this into account.

The SW Calgary, Alberta, Canada warehouse is located on the lands of Tsuu T’Ina First Nations People in a commercial development reserve named Taza.

Together Costco and the Tsuu T’Ina worked on blending the building into its environment, using only native plant and tree species in its landscaping to re ect the heritage of the plains.

The Merida, Mexico location has a cenote (a natural sinkhole lled with groundwater) onsite that was restored and rehabilitated.

It is named Kakutzal, a Mayan word meaning back to life or rebirth.

Onlookers can view the beauty of the natural feature from above on an interpretive plaza incorporated into the design.

Costco’s core objectives include optimizing and streamlining our ordering and distribution systems.

We aim to reduce our carbon emissions by seeking ocean, rail and road transportation e ciencies.

We also strive to improve delivery eet e ciencies and we support our employees’ e orts to reduce their transportation energy consumption.

Costco’s depots (distribution centers) help reduce delivery costs by utilizing cross dock systems for handling full pallets of merchandise from suppliers to warehouses (selling locations).

Costco continually evaluates its processes to improve shipping e ciencies.

These include optimizing packaging design and pallet con guration resulting in more products on a pallet, while striving to reduce packaging, protect goods and reduce delivery trucks on the road.

Also, our plastic pallet initiative will reduce the pallet weight of each truckload by up to 1,500 pounds lighter loads are more e cient.

Another way Costco reduces costs is by analyzing state weight and length oversize permits, and by using specialized equipment where geographically possible to handle heavier loads.

Costco also employs longer combination vehicles to maximize trailer utilization.

In 2021, we began an electric tractor pilot to determine its e ciency when evaluating maintenance, loadable weights, routes and the length of hauls between charging.

We also started testing electric terminal tractors and are receiving good feedback from our drivers.

Based on that success, we plan to deploy our rst electric tractors in late 2022 and early 2023.

Also, we’re pursuing ways to use 100% renewable energy to charge these electric vehicles, starting with one distribution facility and expanding to others over the next few years.

The transportation team always looks for ways to reduce empty miles involving trucks returning to the depots from the warehouses (known as reverse logistics ) to improve e ciencies, save costs and take more trucks o the road, which reduces carbon emissions.

Picking up truckloads of merchandise that are destined for a Costco depot for distribution to a regional group of warehouses.

Loading trailers with returned goods that are headed to salvagers or need to be returned to the supplier, and consolidating those shipments into truckloads.

See the Minimizing Waste page in our Operations section for details.

Loading the trailers with recyclable materials to be consolidated and resold, such as corrugated cardboard, LDPE stretch wrap, metal and plastics.

In addition, these streamlined reverse logistics programs help us to reduce our merchandise handling costs and or help free up sales oor space in the warehouses.

As shown through our reverse logistics practices and our ful llment centers, we are always looking for ways to take trucks o the roads.

For example, in Japan, we adopted a program to change how we ship goods from our Ichihara depot to our Tomiya warehouse, 270 miles away.

Previously, an average of ve containers were hauled by trailer to the warehouse every day.

In our new system, we reduced the shipments to two containers a week by train, reducing freight costs and tra c on the road.

Some of Costco’s distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada also serve as ful llment centers for our Ecommerce business.

The strategic locations and procedures implemented provide us with business e ciencies that reduce expenses, our shipping footprint, carbon emissions and packaging.

Costco’s Business Delivery eet continues to expand an internal initiative called Truck of the Future, which is aimed at maximizing e ciency in our growing delivery eets.

In 2018, we successfully eld tested a customized vehicle with Penske Truck Leasing that improves the payload capacity by reducing body weight.

This test found that the lighter truck increased the miles per gallon, lowering our fuel costs and carbon footprint.

We are now choosing these new vehicles as we add and renew eet leases.

Using half pallets that are lighter and more e cient for delivery to small businesses.

Implementing new coolers that reduce the amount of dry ice by replacing them with gel packs.

Overall, dry ice reduction has been a focus for scal year (FY) 2022 to date we are 41% under last year in total pounds, while delivery sales have increased by 39% over last year.

Continuing to test EV trucks and investigate onsite charging options.

Costco Business Delivery Centers also have implemented procedures to use electric plug in shore power, tying into the grid to allow our refrigerated trucks to maintain temperature while being loaded and stored.

This eliminates the previous practice of running the diesel reefer engine, thereby saving fuel and reducing carbon emissions.

Additionally, the Business Delivery eet utilizes telematics a routing system now on all 2017 and newer trucks.

This allows us to identify opportunities to enhance mileage consumption through e cient routing, which also decreases idle time.

Many of our transportation partners are introducing innovations and e ciencies in their own operations.

For example, Pasha Hawaii, an ocean shipping company that serves Hawaii from the continental United States, introduced in 2022 the MV George III, the rst lique ed natural gas (LNG) powered vessel to serve Hawaii.

This technologically advanced vessel features a state of the art engine, an optimized hull form and an underwater propulsion system with a high e ciency rudder and propeller.

A second vessel is also scheduled for service to Hawaii.

Pasha Hawaii is the principal carrier of Costco products from the mainland to Hawaii.

Costco Logistics is our service that provides nal mile delivery of goods across the U.S. and Puerto Rico.

With Costco Logistics, we have installation services, white glove capabilities for big and bulky products, and a dedicated call center.

With over 1,500 employees, and nearly 100 facilities, Costco Logistics enables us to improve and grow our Ecommerce sales of big and bulky items at a faster rate, while improving overall member service and speed of delivery for these items.

Costco continues to encourage its employees to use alternative forms of transportation with the goal of reducing energy consumption, emissions and commuter gridlock.

The Commute Trip Reduction (CTR) program began more than 20 years ago at the corporate o ce with 18 vanpools, and by early 2020, had grown to 69 vans with 494 riders.

The pandemic and remote working opportunities have signi cantly decreased employee need and or interest in vanpools.

At the end of FY22, we had 31 active vans, serving 180 riders.

Vans, fuel, maintenance and insurance are provided by ve local transit agencies.

Employees also receive a substantial nancial subsidy from Costco, which in many cases covers their entire monthly commute expenses.

Employees who regularly ride the bus are also eligible for this nancial subsidy.

Costco also has vanpools at its San Diego, Los Angeles and Mexico City regional o ces, as well as many Costco warehouses.

We also have many employees who choose to informally carpool with coworkers.

We also o er secure bicycle storage facilities and locker room use for employees who ride to work.

Finally, recharging stations are available at our corporate o ces for employees who drive electric vehicles.

Costco continues to increase available electric vehicle charging stations in our warehouses, corporate o ces and other facilities.

Costco understands that the use of clean energy and the way we manage and continuously improve our operational energy e ciency, energy supply and refrigeration systems is critical for reducing our Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

This section explains the steps we are taking in this important area of our global operations, including through our STAR program and improved monitoring tools.

Purchased energy is the largest source of our Scope 2 carbon emissions.

A majority of our energy use in our warehouses comes from HVAC, lighting, food preparation and heating water.

To achieve our carbon reduction goals and reduce our emissions, we are purchasing clean energy and reducing our energy usage in our warehouses.

Energy e ciency also saves expenses, which helps us to remain a low cost operator.

More information about our Scope 1 and 2 emissions can be found in our Climate Action Plan.

We have implemented energy management systems and tools to provide us with data to help identify smart ways to reduce energy consumption.

Our strategy includes e orts to identify and share tools relating to energy with our warehouse operators.

This includes our STAR program, which allows regional specialists to share best practices.

Education and training for our employees, both in our corporate o ces and in our warehouses, are key tools in reducing our carbon footprint, energy usage and warehouse expenses.

In scal year (FY) 2023, we will o er Certi ed Energy Management training to our employees, focusing on developing expertise around energy practices.

We also hold annual training sessions for our Global Sustainability Compliance teams to share best practices, increase awareness and learn how to continue to reduce our carbon footprint and save energy.

We have rolled out training and tools to support global site tracking and reporting of GHG carbon emissions source data.

Our process for emissions tracking includes a step by step reference guide to support Costco owned or Costco leased sites, including warehouses, business centers, depots, distribution facilities, delivery operations, manufacturing sites and o ces.

The process involves tracking all Scope 1 and Scope 2 sources at each location.

Purchases for fuel, dry ice and CO2 (consumed) and or refrigerant lls are also tracked.

These totals are entered into Costco's emissions platform at each site.

We are continuously evaluating, testing and implementing energy saving measures across our global facilities.

We are using energy and lighting management systems to control heating and cooling set points, and set lighting schedules.

Another system provides information for system troubleshooting diagnostics.

We are continuing to enhance system tools for lighting and refrigeration systems.

In our U.S. locations, this helps us nd ways to maximize energy e ciencies.

Warehouses are using display case shields, shown in this photo, and other shields to reduce energy use.

The shields are used during closed warehouse hours to reduce power use, while maintaining product temperature.

As a result, there is less load on the refrigeration system with improved product temperature maintenance.

Locations in South Korea are equipped with centralized re and energy monitoring and control systems.

Other management systems, including electrical, gas, refrigeration and elevator systems, are managed by a certi ed, on site professional.

As an example, the ventilation system and HVAC can be programmed or manually controlled by the centralized system in response to outside conditions (temperature, humidity and wind) to maintain the optimal indoor atmosphere and refrigeration, and to maximize energy conservation.

Each location examines monthly energy consumption to identify opportunities to improve.

Iceland’s geothermal system produces hot water that provides space heating and hot water supplies throughout our warehouse.

In addition, this system facilitates snowmelt to free up sidewalks and key areas in front of the building, including the gas station forecourt ( lling area) and the freight area ramp.

You can read more about energy saving measures in our Climate Action Plan.

We have committed to 80% clean purchased energy by 2030.

To meet this goal, we will source an increasing percentage of contract purchases from low carbon energy sources through 2030 (and beyond).

Additionally, we own and operate more than 100 on site solar systems around the world with intention to expand on site solar operations where feasible.

We continue to convert older U.S. warehouses to more energy e cient LED lighting systems, and are doing the same throughout the company.

Costco recognizes that hydro uorocarbons (HFCs) and other gases in our refrigeration systems have a major impact on our climate.

We continue to explore new technologies and carefully select refrigerants that are low in Global Warming Potential (GWP) and reduce CO2e emissions.

Reviewing our cooling and heating systems with an approach to integrate them with our refrigeration systems for optimal performance.

Testing new state of the art leak detection systems to identify refrigerant leaks and trigger alerts for faster resolution.

Retro tting our existing locations with high GWP refrigerants to lower refrigerants, such as CO2 refrigerants, as parts and labor are available, and where it is operationally viable.

You can read more about refrigeration in our Climate Action Plan.

Installing insulated doors to the walk in refrigeration point of sale coolers where possible in our U.S., Canada and Mexico locations, which are closed when we are not open.

These doors keep the coolers cool and put less stress on the refrigeration system.

The savings are 25,000 to 35,000 kWh per location.

Given these continued savings, we will continue to add the insulated doors in our new locations and remodels when appropriate.

Eliminating skylights in new construction and covering skylights in existing locations to lessen the workload of HVAC systems.

Considering innovative system designs based on operational and regional needs.

For example, in some warmer climates, we have installed hybrid systems that use an energy e cient combination of fans and water to cool refrigeration systems throughout the day.

Obtaining platinum level certi cation from the Environmental Protection Agency’s GreenChill program, which includes this certi cation for two new warehouses that opened in the fall of 2021.

Interested in learning more about energy related measures Costco is taking Refer to the Climate Action Plan.

Costco understands the importance of water conservation and has adopted Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6 Clean Water and Sanitation as one of our SDG goals.

We have implemented comprehensive water management programs to help us reduce operational water waste and improve the quality of both our wastewater and stormwater discharges.

We are also taking steps to use less water overall.

Making sure we do whatever we can to avoid wasting water in our global operations is critical to our sustainability e orts, from both environmental and economical viewpoints.

From an environmental perspective, water is a precious and limited resource that cannot be wasted.

With rising temperatures, water use is also rising, causing shortage concerns throughout the world.

Economically for us, minimizing water waste lowers overall operating costs speci cally, sewer, energy and maintenance costs.

Our goal worldwide is to use only what we need, and to reduce waste.

Water monitoring systems are currently in use in our warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Korea, the UK and Japan.

We intend to expand monitoring systems to our other locations worldwide.

Detect mechanical failures in real time for quick xes.

Identify operational water waste so that behaviors can be modi ed through education and training.

Consume less water to lower the amount of energy and cost necessary to run mechanical equipment and systems, which in turn reduces Costco’s carbon footprint, expenses and environmental impact.

Create an enhanced awareness of water use and stewardship throughout all facets of our operations.

Meanwhile, we are assessing our water management systems to consider new and emerging technologies that will enable us to manage water even more e ciently in our operations.

We recognize water management is a top priority when considering operational waste controls, in establishing baseline performance, in targeting e ciencies and in considering innovative ways to drive improved performance by site.

In 2020, we r In 2020, we rolled out a pr TTechnical Assistance Review echnical Assistance Review.

This pr that warehouse oper that war am called STTAR the Sustainability AR the Sustainability am features ve focus ar .

Govern water use inside and outside our facilities.

The STAR program is promoted in employee break rooms and supported by regional specialists who visit the buildings, and best practices are shared through the STAR News bulletin.

For more information on STAR, see this story in the Costco Connection magazine.

STAR is a critical part of our water management e orts.

While we haven’t nalized our water usage data systems, we are able to estimate our global water usage for the past three years.

See below for a summary of our global operational water usage.

Gallons for FY20 and FY21 have been restated due to improved information on usage.

This re ects an 8.5% and 9.8% increase, respectively, from previous reports.

We attribute a portion of our increased usage in FY22 to better data collection, opening and operating new locations, and including in our calculations Costco Logistics and our Chicken Plant operating at full capacity.

Despite these usage increases, our water intensity continues to decrease year over year.

Landscaping around our facilities is important for the beauty it provides, and for preserving natural habitat.

When we build new warehouses, we seek to include e ective landscaping that uses the least amount of water possible.

This entails integrating native, drought resistant and arti cial landscaping materials to minimize irrigation.

Irrigation systems that use smart technologies and subsurface irrigation complement landscaping.

Our irrigation systems are monitored through meters that enable our operators to identify issues immediately and avoid expensive repairs later.

Thanks to these systems, we are able to reduce water waste and protect assets such as parking lot surfaces, retaining walls and building foundations.

Using smart technologies and subsurface irrigation to improve e ciency and reduce water waste in irrigation systems.

Installing bioswales to preserve groundwater and prevent runo in select locations.

We are replacing landscaping in some warehouses with surfaces and features that use much less water.

We are nding signi cant reductions in water usage and consequently our water bills through simple and relatively inexpensive options.

For example, in 17 Bay Area Costcos, grass was replaced with landscaping that uses much less water, and drip irrigation systems were installed.

With less water needed for irrigation, we are seeing annual water reductions of 6 million gallons or more, depending on the warehouse.

Each U.S. Costco location has wastewater and stormwater plans and procedures to ensure that we remain in compliance with local and federal regulations.

We have a team of Environmental Sustainability and Compliance Managers throughout the U.S. who, in partnership with our corporate water systems team, work directly with all locations to track and respond to water waste or quality concerns.

International locations are also focusing on waste and stormwater management.

We are constantly seeking new ways to save water in our operations, in both small and large ways.

In 20 Mexico locations, all water used in the warehouses (bathrooms, fresh food areas and so on) go from the drains to on site small treatment plants, instead of the sewer.

This treated water is then used for site irrigation.

This not only reduces the impact on local sewer systems, but saves us money on irrigation costs (more than 450,000 in FY22).

Locations throughout the U.S. are reducing water usage by changing the way they clean the breezeway at the location entrance.

They switched from pressure washing to using the ride on oor scrubber.

Annual water usage was reduced from 75,000 gallons per year to less than 9,000 gallons based on a three times per week schedule.

In Australia, rainwater is captured and stored onsite for use in toilets, cooling refrigeration systems and irrigation.

In the Los Angeles region, we are using a water capture system to catch rainwater and refrigeration condensate, which is stored on site in large, underground cisterns.

If the tanks are ever completely full the location issues the water back to the city.

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken in our vertically integrated facility in Fremont, Nebraska, which was designed with water preservation, re use, e ciency and treatment in mind.

Costco worked with the city of Fremont to expand its wastewater treatment plant to ensure that the wastewater generated is treated before returning to the municipal wastewater treatment plant.

In addition, through a process of air chilling, we save a substantial amount of water in comparison to typical water chill processing.

Costco is a member of WaterSavers , a designation by the International Car Wash Association awarded to car washes that meet strict water usage criteria.

Digital water metering identi es spikes in usage that indicate a potential leak or equipment malfunction.

With real time monitoring, these spikes can be addressed immediately.

Every wash has a reclaim system to lter and recycle water to be used for everything that does not require fresh water.

All car washes strictly follow water usage permits and requirements.

Costco understands our potential impact on the global waste stream and greenhouse gas emissions caused by waste generated within our global operations.

Our goal is to continually decrease the amount of our waste going to land lls, with a goal to divert 80%.

Here, we’ll explain the steps we are taking to reach that goal.

You can click on this Global Waste Stream Report to see our annual report on waste diversion.

E ective waste diversion conserves natural resources, saves energy, cuts expenses and reduces emissions.

By diverting waste from the land ll, Costco cuts back on hauling waste from our locations which reduces fuel consumption, CO2 emissions generated from transportation, and hauling costs.

We continue to examine waste disposal programs to maximize e ciency and to reduce costs.

Regarding our 80% diversion goal, in scal year (FY) 2022, we diverted 78.7% of our waste from land lls.

We de ne waste diversion as the total tons (measured in U.S. tons) of waste that is not directly dumped into land ll sites or burned at incineration facilities that do not create energy.

We include Waste to Energy as part of our diversion program.

Other diversion examples include donations, anaerobic digestion, recycling, composting and animal feed.

Costco is committed to expanding these programs through partnerships, enhanced e ciencies and emerging technologies.

Reducing waste sent to land ll is critical, as land lls emit methane during decomposition.

Costco started measuring its baseline for total waste emissions in FY21.

We reported 137,098 mtCO2e in FY20 and (cid:20)(cid:23)7(cid:15)(cid:22)(cid:23)7 mtCO2e in FY21.

For more information on emissions, see our Climate Action Plan page.

Costco recognizes the global impact of food waste, and we are developing new systems to track and reduce food waste within our operations.

For food waste, we follow the Food Waste Hierarchy, as de ned by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (shown in graphic on the following page).

We take a variety of steps to keep food out of land lls, whether it’s by creating a new product (source reduction), donating it to needy people, or feeding it to animals.

One way of reducing food waste in our operations is by creating new items for our members.

Chicken Noodle Soup, Chicken Enchilada Bake, Chicken Alfredo and Chicken Pot Pies in the U.S. Red Alfredo Chicken Penne and Honey Glazed Chicken Legs in Japan.

BBQ Chicken Wings, Chicken Enchiladas and Chicken Mushroom Lattice Pies in the UK.

Aside fr Aside from rom rotisserie chick These include: These include: otisserie chickens, other foods also end up in new it ems.

Three Costco suppliers are working with the Equitable Food Initiative and Measure to Improve to pilot a waste reduction and tracking program that expands their worker engagement e orts to include a sustainability focus.

Through this pilot, suppliers conducted baseline visual and physical audits of materials waste (cardboard, clamshells, etc.

The companies are now implementing these programs and gathering data to measure their success in reducing waste and ultimately greenhouse gas emissions.

The three farming operations partnering in this initiative are Andrew Williamson Fresh Produce GoodFarms, Misionero and Windset Farms.

Please see additional examples of source reduction in the Kirkland Signature page in our Merchandising section, (under Reducing Food Waste ).

Costco has programs and partnerships with Feeding America, The Global FoodBanking Network and food banks to prevent food from being wasted.

Feeding America is a national organization in the U.S. that works with local food banks as a bridge with our U.S. locations.

The Global FoodBanking Network partners non U.S. locations with certi ed member organizations to donate to entities that have established food safety standards.

These e orts provide meals to individuals and families who are food insecure.

We o er our food donation program in all states and most countries regions where we operate, and have continued to grow our program year over year.

The U.S., Canada, and Mexico have added the ability to donate cooked food from our food courts by creating food safety procedures to properly cool and donate unsold items.

More information can be found in our 2021 August Costco Connection article, Do not discard.

We understand the importance of the types of food donated, so we strive to provide healthy and nutritious food.

Using our inedible waste for animals is important because it reduces the demand to generate new resources.

For example, our warehouses divert organic materials for feed to local programs, including animal sanctuaries, rescue centers, local farms for cattle, hogs and other animals, and city zoos.

This global e ort saves millions of pounds of food materials from land lls.

Also, in our Japan warehouses, co ee grounds from the Food Courts are sent to the Kalm Kakuyama Organic Farm, which uses them as bedding for the cows.

The co ee grounds are valuable because of their antibacterial and odor reducing e ect.

The organic milk from these cows is available in our all Japanese warehouses, completing a unique circle of sustainability.

Also in Japan, co ee grounds are sent from one warehouse to be repurposed as cattle feed.

Much of our organic waste is also recycled into usable products, such as organic fertilizer, biofuels and electricity.

Chicken grease produced from rotisserie chickens is converted into biofuel.

Meat and bone scraps are processed through a rendering program.

Rendering from the chicken complex in Lincoln, Nebraska, has been added to this program.

Organic waste is converted into certi ed organic liquid fertilizer.

Food is recycled at anaerobic digestion facilities to create energy.

China, some locations send organic waste to commercial compost facilities to create a nutrient rich soil conditioner.

Costco is committed to reducing non food waste through e ciencies and other programs.

Costco has grown its program with World Vision to donate rst quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or returned to the supplier.

These items are donated to people in need around the world.

More information can be found in the Costco World Vision Summary, which contains a list of the items donated and some stories that illustrate the impact of these donations.

Besides providing items to people in need, e ciencies are also gained, including reduced trips to the land ll and savings on trash fees for both Costco and our suppliers.

The number of pallets signi cantly increased in FY21 22 because our growing Costco Logistics program, which delivers appliances, TVs and other large items purchased on Costco.com, is now part of our donation program.

Warehouses routinely send shrink wrap and corrugated material generated from daily operations to our distribution centers for recycling.

For e ciency, we backhaul these materials, meaning they’re placed in empty trucks that have just delivered goods to the warehouse and are returning to the local depot.

While 15% of our tires are resold, over 80% are recycled into several di erent bene cial uses like tire derived fuels used primarily in cement kilns crumb rubber used as an additive for road surfaces or pervious surfaces around roads, sidewalks and pathways mine reclamation daily land ll cover and decorative mulch.

Costco reimburses members their core fee when batteries are returned for recycling.

Returned batteries are collected and picked up for recycling by Costco battery suppliers.

Up to 99% of a car battery is recyclable and can be used to make new batteries and other products.

Costco has established a recycling program for paper in our o ces and warehouses to capture loose paper, coupon brochures, magazines and paperback books that are no longer usable or saleable.

We continue to move to paperless programs when applicable.

In FY20, Costco piloted a program with our depots to recycle scrap metal that cannot be processed through standard single stream recycling bins.

During FY22, we have continued to expand this program.

There are currently 498 U.S. warehouses approved to participate in this program, and we will continue to roll out to new locations where feasible.

SStyrtyrofoam tain locations, expanded polystyr ofoam .

In cer is densi ed and distributed ted to manufactur is densi ed and distribut ames, crown molding and other polystyr frframes, cr xpanded polystyrene (foam) ene (foam) e picture e ers that make pictur oducts.

Hazardous materials pose a risk to the environment, human health and or the communities we operate.

These include common everyday items such as dish soaps, detergents, batteries, light bulbs and electronics.

As with other waste programs, Costco follows a hierarchy to reduce or eliminate hazardous waste.

Prevention is the most desired path when dealing with hazardous products.

Costco recycles household batt ts and recycled or r tation Materials ations.

Costco maintains an electronic recycling program through approved, licensed recycling vendors.

We are able to manage both member returns and company assets while ensuring the highest levels of sensitive data destruction alongside material recovery through the vendor’s e scrap shredding system.

Each batt parparts and r FFuel Suel Station Mat operoperations ar drdrained fuel lt EEthanol Recover spirits, per spirits, perfumes, colognes, cough syrup, vanilla e hand sanitiz hand sanitizers (classi ed as consumer chemical pr hauled o site, depack hauled o sit The liquids ar The liquids are collect batched for ethanol r batched for ethanol recover separatate and collect ethanol for nal r separ oducts or liquid fuels.

Items containing ethanol such as alcoholic ems containing ethanol such as alcoholic y and bulb is brokoken down t dingly.. epurposed accordingly oducts from our fuel station .

Byproducts fr om our fuel station ed from the shr ecoveryy.

Our Code of Ethics calls for us to obey the law, and complying with environmental regulations is an example of that mandate.

Our environmental compliance e orts are integral to our corporate sustainability initiatives.

To help us meet our sustainability goals, we have implemented a comprehensive environmental compliance program that covers regulations related to stormwater, sanitary water use, wetlands, environmental mitigation, endangered species, air quality and more.

The program applies to inspections, maintenance and reporting for all of our properties, including our warehouses (retail locations) as well as our industrial properties (manufacturing, distribution, logistics, etc.

Our global compliance team works in conjunction with representatives from numerous departments throughout the company to review and identify opportunities to enhance compliance and sustainability programs and policies, as well as to ensure we remain in compliance with regulatory requirements.

Team members also support location operators in daily operations, training and educational opportunities.

Finally, team members have been instrumental in helping us implement our Climate Action Plan.

In 2022, we held our fourth annual Global Sustainability Summit.

The purpose of these summits are to share best practices, review compliance, and discuss upcoming projects, with the goal of creating a consistent and global approach to environmental compliance, while also respecting local laws and regulations.

We continue to build on our existing environmental compliance platform through the Sustainability Technical Assistance Review (STAR) program to formalize standards and requirements in ve key focus areas.

By working toward STAR goals, Costco is building the capabilities to track compliance and dynamically monitor resource use at all our warehouses.

The STAR program is promoted in employee break rooms and supported by regional specialists who visit the buildings, and best practices are shared through the STAR News bulletin.

Enhanced data dashboarding programs and reporting capabilities added in 2022 allow us to respond more quickly as any situations arise.

We also continue to digitize our environmental records and automate compliance programs to aid in both accuracy and e ciency while reducing operator fatigue.

Meanwhile, we are continuing to build a Central Monitoring program (Central Station) to bring refrigeration, burglary and re monitoring of our warehouses, depots and other buildings in house.

Animal welfare is part of Costco’s culture and responsibility, and we are committed to a global approach to Animal Welfare.

We are working toward a uniform program in the countries regions where we operate, while respecting that each country may have its own regulatory and social requirements.

Costco is committed to the welfare and proper handling of animals that are used in the production of products that we sell.

This is not only the right thing to do, but it also is an important moral and ethical obligation we owe to our members, suppliers, and most of all to the animals we depend on for these products.

Costco has adopted the Five Domains for assessing animal welfare.

The Five Domains take into account that if animals have positive experiences in the rst four physical functional domains, then the end result would be a positive experience with the fth domain a good mental state, leading to good welfare and a positive quality of life.

We have worked with Dr. Temple Grandin (click here for more information), an independent and prominent animal welfare expert, in adopting these domains.

The Five Domains emphasize the importance of both preventing su ering and providing animals with positive experiences.

We coordinate our e orts in this area through an Animal Welfare Task Force, made up of members from corporate and regional buying, animal welfare auditing, global sustainability and compliance, legal and global food safety departments.

Our e orts are informed by various global standards and benchmarks pertaining to animal welfare.

We seek to stay abreast of new technologies and methods through our suppliers, academia and industry experts.

We also have engaged with the Center for Food Integrity in these e orts.

Costco’s goal is to be judicious in the use of antibiotics that are medically important to humans in our meat and poultry supply chains, which is consistent with our goal of protecting the health and welfare of our members.

Our objective is that producers follow the FDA Veterinary Feed Directive (VFD) nal rule (21 C.F.R section 558.6) regarding how medically important antibiotics can be administered to food producing animals.

Medically important antibiotics are to be limited to therapeutic use only for the prevention, control and treatment of disease under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian in a valid veterinary client patient relationship.

In 2022, we continued our engagement with our suppliers.

It remains di cult in many supply chains to obtain veri able certi cates or a davits in order to have quantitative metrics regarding the phase out of routine use of shared use antibiotics.

Supply chains are, for the most part, only minimally vertically integrated (particularly for beef and pork), with our suppliers being one too many steps removed from those who are raising animals.

Many of these growers lack developed systems for aggregating metrics concerning antibiotic usage.

This makes it very di cult for our suppliers to gather and aggregate such information to report to us and to track changes in metrics over time.

We have partnered with Progressive Beef to learn more about antibiotic use in the beef supply chain and how documentation can be generated and shared in the future.

We continue to work with our chicken suppliers and have made progress on our previous commitments.

By the end of 2022, 95% of Kirkland Signature chicken products (de ned as frozen, sold in the meat case, rotisserie case and raised with No Antibiotics Ever) sold in the U.S. will be raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine.

By the end of 2022, we will (1) outline a timeline for achieving 100% of Kirkland Signature chicken (de ned as frozen, sold in the meat case and rotisserie case) sold in the U.S to be raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine and (2) begin to report annually the percentage by product category (fresh chicken sold in the meat case, rotisserie, frozen and canned) raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine, until such time as our target of 100% is reached.

In FY22, we sent a survey to our Kirkland Signature chicken suppliers (de ned as frozen, sold in the meat case, rotisserie case and canned sold in the U.S.) and they responded that 97% of volume (pounds) was raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine.

We do not have this data at this time and will work with our suppliers who purchase from third parties to determine antibiotic use and comply with our policy.

Because of the number of suppliers Costco has and their geographic dispersion, it is not practical to audit on an ongoing basis to con rm that all suppliers are in compliance with all aspects of our animal welfare policies.

Accordingly, we take a risk based approach with respect to targeting audits and otherwise seeking to con rm compliance.

The approach is based upon several factors, including prior audit performance.

This has resulted in placing emphasis on auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature items, particularly in the United States.

Even as to those items, however, the large number of producers in the supply chain limits the scope and frequency of audits that may feasibly be conducted and evaluated.

Costco utilizes recognized audit standards and programs conducted by trained auditors, and looks at animal welfare both on the farm and at processing.

The purpose of an audit is to gather current, accurate information concerning the overall welfare of animals.

This information is made available to members of the Costco food safety and technology group, and buying sta .

These inspect the welfare of live animals on the farm in their living environment.

Currently these are conducted for the following species to varying degrees: chicken (egg laying hens), dairy cows, pork, poultry (chicken and turkey), and veal.

These take place at the plant where animals are processed for these species: beef, pork, poultry (chicken and turkey), and veal.

Audits can be conducted by Costco auditors, suppliers and or third parties.

Audit type, frequency and intensity can vary across suppliers and species.

Costco requires U.S. animal welfare auditors to be certi ed.

Organic certi cation in the U.S. in certain respects also includes animal welfare components.

Costco sells large quantities of organic items derived from animal products, and these items are required to be certi ed organic in accordance with the law.

Below we outline our current animal welfare audit policies and procedures by species.

Costco requires third party animal welfare audits at processing in accordance with the North American Meat Institute Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines.

Costco requires animal welfare audits at the farm level.

We have worked with third party audit providers as well as parties that can implement second party dairy audits.

Our goal is to have an outcome based program that recognizes sustainable practices in place and guides change at the dairy through training, sound protocols and a valid Veterinary Client Patient Relationship.

The National Dairy FARM Program (Farmers Assuring Responsible Management) seeks to provide consistency and uniformity to best practices in animal care and quality assurance in the dairy industry.

Costco works with larger cooperative suppliers that utilize the FARM Program to increase the frequency of third party veri cation.

Costco does not support tail docking and has actively sought to use suppliers that do not allow this practice.

Costco requires its suppliers to implement standards regarding age and pain management as it relates to dehorning practices.

Costco strongly supports advances in dairy farming practices to include the use of genetic breeding programs to promote polled cattle (naturally hornless).

Costco believes this will bene t the welfare of the cows and of the farmers who care for them by eliminating the need for dehorning.

Costco recognizes that through the years its suppliers have embraced new ways to improve the welfare of the animals in their care.

Costco expects suppliers to continue to seek improvements that promote good animal health and well being.

Costco veal is traceable to the farm level and farms are inspected for compliance to the requirements.

Inhumane treatment of calves is unacceptable and will not be tolerated at any stage of the animal’s life.

There must be a minimum of two calves per stall after 8 to 10 weeks of age.

All stalls must be large enough to allow calves to freely turn around, lie down and maintain normal postures.

Calves must be inspected at least twice daily by the farmer or caregiver to ensure cleanliness of the animals as well as the stall.

The farmer or caregiver will also ensure proper fresh air and ventilation at all times.

Calf diets must consist of nutritious feed and fresh water.

Veal barns are to receive, at a minimum, one annual third party humane handling audit per year.

These audits are to be made available to Costco Wholesale.

Veal barns are to be visited by a veterinarian at a minimum of once every grow out cycle.

Non ambulatory animals are never to be used in production.

Costco requires animal welfare audits at processing in accordance with the National Chicken Council (NCC) Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines and the National Turkey Federation Animal Care Guidelines.

Costco also audits hatchery and grow out facilities.

Costco implements animal welfare audits for laying hens.

Audits can include American Humane, Certi ed Humane and United Egg Producers audits.

Audits now extend in varying degrees to conventional cage, cage free and organic housing systems.

Costco Wholesale is committed to the welfare of animals in its supply chains.

This includes broilers, which are chickens raised for meat (as opposed to eggs).

Although these chickens have a life cycle of less than 45 days, their welfare is as important as that of animals that have longer life cycles.

Most of our poultry needs are met by our complex in Nebraska (Lincoln Premium Poultry or LPP) and two other facilities in the Southeast, which are owned by third parties.

One of these producers is certi ed organic, which brings with it animal welfare requirements prescribed by the United States Department of Agriculture.

These three facilities are our primary suppliers (which we call dedicated suppliers).

With respect to our dedicated suppliers: all broilers are cage free, in chicken houses where they are free to move about without restriction.

The minimum standards followed in these barns are based on those developed by the National Chicken Council (NCC).

The National Chicken Council represents companies that account for approximately 95 percent of broiler chicken production in the United States.

For our dedicated suppliers, compliance with the NCC standards is regularly audited by third party auditors, who are independent of Costco and the producers and are certi ed by the Professional Animal Auditor Certi cation Organization (PAACO).

An important element of broiler welfare is how the animals are prepared for production.

LPP and our dedicated organic supplier use a technique called Controlled Atmosphere Stunning (CAS).

That technique is recognized as a superior method for processing, using methods that are calming for the animals and conducive to the welfare of employees who monitor the process.

We are exploring the potential for transition to CAS at other facilities.

Our broiler welfare e orts are currently most highly focused on LPP, which raises around 100 million birds per year.

In evaluating density, it is important to keep in mind that the broilers at LPP are raised to a weight smaller than industry average.

When applying density standards that are expressed in weight per area, it is also important to remember that birds are under the maximum weight for the vast majority of their lives.

Our dedicated suppliers are operating at a density standard of at least .92 square feet per bird.

LPP uses what it regards as state of the art equipment for gathering of birds when they are ready to leave the barns.

This highly automated system reduces opportunities for human mistakes that can occur with manual processes.

In addition, the transportation of broilers occurs with covering and ventilation options that are adaptable to the wide range of weather conditions found in Nebraska and Iowa.

Some in the industry have experimented with features believed to enrich the experience of broilers in their barns.

LPP has been monitoring studies that examine whether these enrichments actually improve outcomes or bene t farmworkers who work with the broilers.

In addition, LPP is experimenting with enrichments in a small number of barns, to evaluate whether wider deployment is warranted.

Some parties have advocated that Costco and others change to breeds that grow more slowly.

We have carefully analyzed the science that has been invoked for that position.

We do not believe that the conclusions, which thus far are not the product of the rigorous peer review process associated with scienti c papers, warrant a change in our practices at this time.

Because of the density we prescribe for our broilers and the fact that our broilers are grown to a smaller size than is common in the industry, we believe that the incidence of adverse welfare impacts associated with larger fast growing broilers under more crowded conditions is lower at LPP.

At a time when Costco Wholesale is intensely focused on reducing its carbon footprint, we also have concerns that slower growing breeds increase environmental impacts (greater feed demands, more energy usage, higher waste output), which should not be incurred absent meaningful gains in broiler welfare.

As we increase engagement with our suppliers over reducing emissions in the production of goods for us, it is important that we set a good example in our own operations.

We are engaged in communications with our breeding stock suppliers and study concerning selection that could over time enhance the leg strength of broilers, in an e ort to reduce mobility problems and other issues.

The nature of selective breeding means that this process occurs slowly.

While we believe we have achieved signi cant progress in our broiler welfare programs, we recognize that there is room for improvement.

LPP has engaged a full time animal welfare o cer and a full time auditor for growers (in addition to the veterinarian on sta ) and enhanced the training requirements for auditors that work in barns that supply it.

LPP’s objective is to audit each grower three times annually.

Early in 2021 we engaged the services of Dr. Temple Grandin, an independent and prominent animal welfare expert, to examine the practices at LPP and make recommendations for enhancements.

Dr. Grandin (click here for more information) has provided her recommendations, which are now in various stages of implementation.

Among other things, they entail enhanced education for farmers raising broilers, improvement of hatchery procedures, improved security for barns, and reduced stocking density.

A variety of external events have slowed some of our intended progress, but we remain committed to improvements.

Costco has introduced the Costco Hen House Audit in the U.S.

Suppliers are required to audit each house twice a year using the Costco Hen House app platform.

The results are automatically transmitted to Costco upon completion.

The app based system gives visual examples of how to score each question as needed.

The app requires the supplier to submit photo documentation for each question, along with the answer as applicable.

In FY22, we increased the percentage of cage free shell eggs it sells worldwide as indicated in the table on the following page.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Liquid Eggs are cage free in the U.S.

The transition to cage free eggs will continue to increase with added availability and capacity of cage free production.

Supply shortages in the U.S. have recently required us to source a small quantity of non cage free eggs to meet our member requirements.

Taiwan, China and Japan are selling cage free eggs in select locations and will continue to expand based on availability.

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken produced in our vertically integrated facility located in Fremont, Nebraska, which is described in more detail on the Kirkland Signature page of our Merchandising section.

Animal welfare is a critical component that has been integrated into all aspects of the chicken supply chain, from the hatchery to the grower barns to the processing facility.

The latest technology for poultry handling and processing incorporated into the hatchery, feed mill and processing facility.

The farmer owned barns for the pullet, breeder and broiler chickens are state of the art in design and equipment.

Stocking density is limited to allow birds more space.

All barns have automated ventilation systems designed to improve bird air quality and comfort.

Apollo Gen 2 automatic harvesters are used to more humanely collect our broilers.

Broiler transport includes trailers with curtains to keep animals sheltered.

Broilers are unloaded inside a lairage area, to protect them from the weather and help the birds acclimate.

The lairage area can hold approximately 2 hour inventory to allow birds to rest.

State of the art Controlled Atmosphere Stunning (CAS) system.

Costco has committed to responsible down sourcing.

Costco now requires a certi cation to be present with all Costco production of down and feather products.

Costco accepts certi cations from International Down and Feather Lab (IDFL), Downpass or Responsible Down Standard (RDS).

Compliance to these standards promotes ethical sourcing of down and feathers through the veri cation of supplier traceability systems, general animal welfare, risk assessment and other important best practices.

For more information, see the Costco Connection article, Down’s upside.

Costco uses the Pork Quality Assurance Plus program.

This is a producer driven program that farmers can use to ensure that pork products are of the highest quality and are safe, and animals are cared for in a way that ensures their well being.

Based upon supplier reported data, as of November 2022, approximately 92% of Costco’s fresh pork and all of the Kirkland Signature cooler items sold in the U.S. come from sows raised in group housing or con nement that permit sows to turn around.

Approximately one third of our U.S. fresh pork supply is now from California Proposition 12 compliant housing.

The proposition requires that breeding sows and their immediate o spring have at least 24 square feet of usable oor space per sow.

Legal developments concerning Prop 12 could impact this in the coming months.

Costco U.S. and Canada plan to source pork from suppliers utilizing only open pen housing beginning in calendar 2023 for all fresh pork and Kirkland Signature cooler items, subject to supply chain capacity.

There may be certain times during a sow's gestation period when she should be separated from the rest of the group.

An example of this is the time between insemination and con rmation of pregnancy.

Our goal over time is to minimize the time in con nement.

Over the long term, we will target suppliers outside the United States and Canada for compliance, to the extent they are not held by local law to the same standard or a higher standard and work with suppliers to achieve compliance for branded (non Kirkland Signature) cooler items to further reduce the number of days that breeding sows spend in gestation crates.

Costco does not support the use of monkeys for coconut harvesting.

We require our suppliers to contractually prohibit the use of any animal labor from their coconut providers.

We also require these suppliers to audit their farms and have a third party independently verify compliance.

Costco understands that it has a responsibility to source its products in a way that is respectful to the environment and to the people associated with that environment.

Our goal is to help provide a net positive impact for communities in commodity producing areas by doing our part to help reduce the loss of natural forests and other natural ecosystems, which include native and or intact grasslands, peatlands, savannahs and wetlands.

We want to work with suppliers and others to support good land stewardship practices that respect the autonomy and property rights of the landowner are outcome based rather than prescriptive and respect the ability of rural people and their communities to thrive while serving as stewards of the land.

Avoiding deforestation and conversion of natural ecosystems.

Protecting High Conservation Value (HCV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS) forests.

Requiring free, prior and informed consent of indigenous people.

Supporting the increased healthy production e ciency of lands currently in production.

Deforestation is occurring at a rapid rate as natural forest landscapes are converted to land used for growing livestock and agriculture.

These natural ecosystems provide high environmental and social value, including habitat for diverse animal species, carbon sinks and long term livelihoods for people living in and near these forests.

We believe that our most impactful rst steps are to (1) source our wood, paper and ber based products from responsibly managed and certi ed forests, and (2) use recycled content and alternative bers when feasible.

While we desire all products to be sourced this way and encourage our suppliers to follow this goal, we have focused our e orts on our Kirkland Signature products.

Our goals are explained in our Forest Conservation Commitment.

Costco accepts forest management certi cations from three leading organizations: Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)1, Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certi cation (PEFC), with a preference for FSC.

These certi cations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their communities are balanced with conservation.

Virgin bers and recycled bers both play important roles in making everyday products like paper, cardboard and bath tissue.

Fiber products are not in nitely recyclable after about seven times they degrade, lose their strength and are no longer usable.

Virgin bers are valued for products that require their strength, softness, color and absorbance qualities, such as premium bath tissue.

To reduce our use of virgin ber, we have a preference for recycled ber where feasible and where we believe it is a more sustainable alternative to virgin ber.

The nal choice of ber will be determined by quality and food safety requirements, product speci cation and performance, and legal requirements.

Recycled bers, in contrast, are the best choice for making such things as cardboard and packaging, which don’t require as much softness or absorbency.

For these reasons, responsible forest management is an important component in sourcing ber for paper based packaging.

Costco is committed to sourcing the ber used for its products and packaging to come from known sources, be legally harvested under certi ed forest management programs and not contribute to deforestation or degradation.

A major focus for us is to bring more recycled content into packaging, especially with Kirkland Signature products, where we have the most in uence.

We are committed to eliminating deforestation in ve key commodities in our Kirkland Signature supply chains that contribute to deforestation: palm oil, wood pulp paper, soy, cocoa and beef.

You can nd details on how we source products in these categories by going to Commodities More on our Merchandising page.

Palm Oil: Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and we’re committed to ensuring that the palm oil and associated products are responsibly sourced.

We are committed to sourcing from certi ed forests all of our wood, pulp and paper products.

Because soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil, we source Kirkland Signature soy based products, such as Kirkland Signature soybean oil, vegetable oil and organic soy beverages, from the U.S. and Canada.

Costco supports e orts to eliminate deforestation in cocoa production.

Working through the Sassandra Cocoa program, we are funding the distribution and replanting of trees, and working to increase the number of farmers participating in the program.

With concerns that beef production contributes to tropical deforestation in countries such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay, our intent is not to source beef from high risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability and monitoring systems are in place.

We update our progress on deforestation e orts each year in this Sustainability Commitment.

Also, in scal year 2022 for the rst time we disclosed sourcing information about these forest risk commodities through the CDP Forest questionnaire.

This report is available through CDP, a global disclosure system.

Native pollinators and managed honeybee populations are threatened by pests, pathogens, pesticides and poor nutrition.

These pollinators are necessary for pollinating approximately one third of the food we eat, including many fruits, nuts and vegetables.

More information can be found in our Costco Connection article, Honeybee health.

Tapping a portion of the sales from our Kirkland Signature honey, we nancially support Project Apis m. This group funds critical research, o ers information on best forage practices for bees, and serves as a resource to beekeepers, growers and others.

More information can be found on the Project Apis m. Blog and on the Oils, Honey Spices page in our Merchandising section.

Promoting Pollinator Friendly Agricultural Practices.

We work with our fresh produce and almond suppliers to encourage the planting of bu er zones to bene t pollinators.

We also encourage almond growers to use cover crops to increase the density, diversity and duration of bee forage in California orchards, which also improves soil health.

See this Costco Connection article for information on the Seeds for Bees program of Project Apis m.

In the American Midwest, a critical area where e orts are focused to support honey production, pollination and native pollinators, we are working with The Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund’s Seed A Legacy Program.

See this report for more information on this program.

Our Pollinator Health Policy involves suppliers of live goods (garden plants), fruit and vegetables.

Costco encourages these suppliers to limit the use of non essential chemicals, utilize eco friendly methods of pest and disease control, and incorporate Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategies and other creative solutions for the use of least toxic alternatives.

Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos, unless mandated otherwise by law and when possible to avoid regrettable substitutions.

Costco seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and make reasonable progress in a timely manner.

Our global suppliers report various e orts being done to support pollinator health and improve on farm practices such as integrated pest management (IPM) scout and monitor pest and pathogen to proactively manage their population use of bene cial insects, biological alternatives, oils and soaps physically excluding plant pests by creating barriers and separations working with extension o ces and or local government setting aside land for pollinator habitat and planting other pollinator friendly native plants and increasing regenerative and organic growing practices.

Costco is part of EFI, a fresh produce e ort consisting of farmers, suppliers and NGOs working to improve labor practices, environmental stewardship and food safety for the bene t of workers, agricultural communities, businesses and consumers.

See the Human Rights page in our Merchandising section for full details.

An implemented Integrated Pest Management plan that includes a stepped approach starting with biological controls followed by cultural, physical, and nally chemical responses.

Application records for conventional and open elds operations to be entered into the Pesticide Risk Tool (PRT) to generate a risk assessment to guide spray decisions.

EFI continues to partner with The IPM Institute of North America to aggregate and analyze pesticide application records entered into the PRT.

A written justi cation for each application of a highly hazardous pesticide, aligned with their IPM plan and documenting that risk management measures were implemented during application.

Irrigation practices that limit erosion, and uncultivated bu er strips to further protect water habitats.

Worker training for appropriate pesticide use, which addresses prohibited o label pesticide use proper personal protective equipment reporting procedures about all applications and medical monitoring of workers handling certain pesticides.

Costco sells a number of organic and alternative gardening products, which contain natural and or organic elements.

Globally, we no longer o er weed and insect control products containing glyphosate, neonicotinoids or chlorpyrifos.

W. We continue t e continue to eo expand our selection of xpand our selection of oducts grown in gr eased products gr or health.

Costco’s selection of or own in greenhouses, eenhouses, s selection of organic ganic ts pollinator health.

Costco’ ganics Greenhouses OrOrganics Gr ororganic pr ganic products and have incr which in turn supports pollinat which in turn suppor prproducts continues t demands.

For more information, please see the Organics, Greenhouse Grown Horticulture page of our Merchandising section.

Silk unveiled its rst lineup of Bee Better Certi ed almond milk products available at Costco.

The Bee Better Certi cation applies to Silk’s line of organic products sold at Costco including original, unsweetened, and unsweetened vanilla products, and represents a veri ed achievement to make almond farms better for bees.

Almond farms certi ed to the Bee Better standard have planted habitat to provide food and shelter to bees, and promote integrated pest management practices that are safer for bees.

Read more about this product in our Silk Brand Showcase and in this article, Bee Better Certi ed: One Acre At A Time.

Costco believes protecting and regenerating nature is imperative and the right thing to do.

We strongly encourage our suppliers to follow the principles of regenerative agriculture, which include practices that minimize soil disturbance, increase plant diversity, keep living roots in the ground year round, keep soils covered and integrate animals back onto the land.

Healthy soils are critical to long term agricultural production because they reduce plant vulnerability, can improve crop production and can improve farm pro tability.

Increasing the organic matter in soil helps the land hold and retain more water, which is critical in times of drought or excessive rainfall.

Costco’s Chemical Management Policy strives to protect the health and safety of our members and the environment.

Through various processes we aim to deliver products that are safer, healthier and more sustainable.

Through our Chemical Management Policy, we aim to go beyond the boundaries of regulatory compliance, in an e ort to reduce or remove potential chemical harm to humans and to the environment.

In addition to contractually requiring our suppliers to comply with laws regarding chemicals in products and packaging, we provide guidance for preferred chemical choices by product category.

Identify chemicals of concern (COCs) utilizing comprehensive testing programs.

Remove or apply the process of informed substitution for any identi ed COCs.

Identify ways to change their manufacturing processes to reduce hazardous chemical use.

Review and obtain quali ed third party green certi cations.

Product categories tested include toys and other products intended for children, food use, furniture, electrical, apparel and home textiles.

Examples of regulated chemicals include soluble heavy metals, heavy metals found in surface coating, Substance of Very High Concern (SVHCs), formaldehyde, ame retardants, dyes, phthalates, BPA and PFAS.

Costco regularly updates its Global Costco Restricted Substance Lists (RSLs see lists below) to keep up with global regulatory chemical restrictions in consumer products.

Beyond testing of many items for compliance with regulatory requirements, we work with major third party laboratories to identify and test for COCs in many items that are not legally prohibited.

These requirements include regulatory, industry and Costco analytical standards.

A priority in the Smart Scr e label, Kirkland Signature , which includes it el, cleaning products and packaging.

While we cannot test all pr While we cannot t have implement have implemented a risk based appr selection pr selection process.

A priority in the Smar private label, Kirkland Signatur privat appar apparel, cleaning pr ststop with only Kirkland Signatur brbranded cat risk based approach include appar risk based appr furnitur , sporting goods it e, holiday decor, spor furniture, holiday decor ting goods items and pr ed packaging.

Additional details about some of for pets, and relatelated packaging.

Additional details about some of for pets, and r oducts are below these categories and pr these cat t Screening pr ems such as e , which includes items such as ention does not oducts and packaging.

Items within other ems within other am using our o the progrogram using our el, bedding, home teextiles, xtiles, ems and products int op with only Kirkland Signature ite items, however anded categories that may be subject egories that may be subjected ted to the pr oach include apparel, bedding, home t egories and products ar ended oducts intended e below.

Costco third par Costco thir prproducts pr This pr This progrogram utiliz consumer goods during Costco production t consumer goods during Costco pr for both r for both regulat accepts a number of thir accepts a number of third par am.

Costco r d party cer ty certi ers aim t ty certi cations int d party cer est these products.

The largest category of products in the Costco Smart Screening Program is textiles.

This area is based on the Apparel and Footwear International RSL Management (AFIRM) Working Group.

The AFIRM Restricted Substance List (RSL) has been adopted by the third party testing labs that perform testing on Costco’s textile and footwear products.

Examples of products tested include apparel and footwear, sporting goods, luggage, handbags and home textiles such as blankets, sheets, rugs and towels.

More information, including publication of AFIRM’S RSL and Packaging RSL, which is used for testing Costco products, can be found at the AFIRM Group website.

Costco encourages its textile suppliers to implement in their supply chains the Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC) Manufacturing Restricted Substance List (MRSL).

This manufacturer’s RSL assists factories in protecting workers, creating safe products for our members and eliminating harmful chemicals to the planet.

The Blue Way by BLUESIGN represents the vision and mindset of responsible and sustainable manufacturing of textile consumer products.

More information can be found on the BLUESIGN website.

The STANDARD 100 by OEKO TEX program is designed to protect consumer and environmental health by removing chemicals of concern (COCs) from products and their components.

The STANDARD 100 by OEKO TEX is an independent veri cation that products have been tested for harmful substances.

More information can be found on the OEKO TEX Standard website.

The LEATHER STANDARD by OEKO TEX is an internationally standardized testing and certi cation system for leather and leather goods at all production levels, including accessory materials.

More information can be found on the OEKO TEX Leather website.

Packaging of products that are part of the Costco Smart Screening Program use the AFIRM Group packaging material RSL.

Examples of packaging components include paper, wood, cartons, stickers, plastic wrap, nishing dyes, inks, coatings, metal, tape, textiles and desiccants.

More information can be found on the AFIRM website.

Suppliers producing packaging for Kirkland Signature items must comply with the Costco RSL based on the AFIRM Packaging RSL.

The supplier will have items selected to be audited with Costco Smart Screening testing.

See the Costco Packaging Reference Chemical List in the Costco Restricted Substance Lists section below.

Food contact packaging materials used in the Costco meat department, bakery, deli and food court are tested in the Costco Smart Screening Program.

Examples of packaging include meat trays, bakery containers, deli tins and pizza boxes.

For more about Costco packaging, see the Packaging page in our Merchandising section.

Suppliers are encouraged to provide Costco with ingredients either on the packaging, on their website or with a third party chemical management tool.

Costco works with third party platforms to gather bills of substances (BOS).

These platforms allow Costco and its suppliers to better understand the chemicals used in products.

Costco tests for COCs using Costco Smart Screening on Kirkland Signature cleaning, health and beauty formulated products.

Costco recognizes and accepts certain third party certi cations into its Smart Screening program, which aim to provide safe, traceable and sustainable products.

An example of a third party certi er for formulated products would be Safer Choice.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) created the Safer Choice label to identify products made with safer ingredients for the health of families, pets, workplaces and the environment.

Safer Choice certi ed products have been carefully evaluated by EPA scientists.

Costco measures suppliers’ compliance with our policies by testing products for COCs using multi RSLs depending on product or article material.

Currently we are screening many of our products and their packaging, following our risk based approach in our product category selection process.

See product types listed in the Chemical Testing The Costco Smart Screening Program section above.

When a COC is identi ed in a product or packaging, the information is provided to the suppliers.

Suppliers then work on corrective action plans by item.

We also provide suppliers with report cards summarizing four years of testing for all products of the supplier that have been screened.

These allow suppliers to investigate their supply chains across their operations.

Costco shares industry resources with our suppliers via the Costco Smart Screening Guide to help them navigate their chemical management.

The number of our Smart Screening reports has increased over the past four years.

In 2019 Costco managed 6,066 Costco Smart Screening reports.

Over the years, the Costco Smart Screening Program has tested more products and more product categories.

The Costco RSLs have also grown to keep up with industry standards, evolving science from our third party labs, and regulations.

The testing capabilities at the labs continue to improve, which allow them to screen for more chemicals each year.

In addition to the chemical increase to the packaging RSL, the scope of materials tested for packaging has expanded.

In earlier years some materials were not screened.

The Costco Restricted Substances Lists include substances that may or may not be currently regulated for a speci c material or product type.

These lists include chemicals from EU Reach Substance of Very High Concern (SVHC), California Proposition 65 list, the U.S.

Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), ame retardants, PFAs and more.

Suppliers are encouraged to limit the use of non essential chemicals, utilize eco friendly methods of pest and disease control and incorporate Integrated Pest Management strategies and other creative solutions that use the least toxic alternatives.

Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos, unless otherwise mandated by law and when necessary to avoid regrettable substitutions.

Costco seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and are making reasonable progress in a timely manner.

Details can be found in Environmental Impact Land Stewardship in our Merchandising section.

Partnering with our suppliers to develop their chemical management programs for their supply chain, we provide suppliers with Costco RSLs, Costco Smart Screening results, Good Manufacturing facility audits results and Costco Smart Screening guide to help them source suitable alternative components and materials.

We also work with chemical and consumer product industries to increase our understanding and to nd more environmentally friendly alternatives for chemicals and practices of concern.

We work with Dr. Sally Edwards and Dr. Ann Blake, our industry expert consultants, to review our chemicals management program and our Costco Smart Screening Program (conducted with the Berkeley Center for Green Chemistry and entitled Beyond Compliance at Costco: A Comparative Analysis of Chemical Assessment Frameworks and Recommendations for Best Practices, 2017 18), suggest enhancements, and to help us identify potential future trends.

We educate our buyers and suppliers globally on the process, expectations and their testing progress by providing them with safe alternative resources, third party certi cation programs and third party lab testing services.

The Costco Smart Screening Program provides information for suppliers on safe replacement chemicals and processes within The Costco Smart Screening Guide.

Packaging is a complex aspect of our business that has many components, including concerns about plastic waste in land lls and the oceans, the need for more uniform waste collection programs, the need for better recycling infrastructure, and the inconsistency of laws and regulations.

This section explains our steps toward packaging sustainability.

Costco’s goal is to reduce our packaging waste by improving our e ciencies, with the added bene t of reducing expenses.

We also strive to provide sustainable packaging without compromising food safety, product quality or sales while ensuring our packaging: (1) complies with laws and regulations (2) reduces materials and (3) communicates e ectively with our members.

To meet those goals, our packaging strategy follows these Six Rights of Packaging Sustainability which we have also shared with our suppliers at our annual Supplier Day event and in the form of Global Sustainable Packaging Guidelines.

In this document, you will nd more information and examples on each of these six rights.

Using less conserves natural resources while reducing water use, greenhouse gasses and pollution.

Our goal is to reduce the amount of packaging needed overall, without compromising product integrity, and to reduce plastic used in the packaging.

With Costco’s volumes, even the smallest reductions can create a signi cant impact.

We began tracking packaging reductions several years ago and continue to seek opportunities to reduce our packaging footprint year over year.

Altogether, e orts from our branded partners reduced plastic packaging by an additional 1.7 million pounds.

In Canada, Lean t Whey Protein Powder switched from rigid to exible packaging, reducing their plastic by over 220,000 pounds.

In the U.S., OXO Toilet Brush packaging redesign eliminated over 500,000 pounds of plastic.

In South Korea, YK Feminine Hygiene packaging reduced plastic by 134,000 pounds.

In Japan, Nano 6 reduced their packaging plastic by 126,000 pounds.

Recycled content use creates needed demand for recycled materials.

Our goal is to optimize recycled content for all packaging.

When we use recycled content in all materials, including paper, plastic, glass and metal, we support global recycling programs by creating demand for those materials.

Using recycled content may reduce energy use in the production of packaging by lowering greenhouse gas emissions.

The procurement of raw materials has an energy footprint that can be reduced by recycling existing materials, which is less carbon intensive.

Additionally, recycling diverts materials from land lls, which reduces methane emissions from materials in land lls.

In FY22, 14 million pounds of plastic recycled content was implemented and 6.7 million pounds of paper recycled content was implemented across 105 Kirkland Signature items, for a total of over 20 million pounds of recycled content.

We continue to encourage our suppliers to incorporate recycled content to promote recycling, reduce our use of virgin materials and support the circular economy.

The list above represents a small sample of the many packaging components that now contain recycled content.

Additionally, we continue to support previously reported recycled content accomplishments from years past, such as Ecommerce shipping boxes, Food Court pizza boxes and multiple beverage containers.

Over the past several years, we have incorporated recycled content1 in all materials, paper, metal, plastic and glass, in over 350 Kirkland Signature product packages.

Responsible forestry supports biodiversity and carbon sequestration, and water and air quality.

We believe that our most impactful rst steps to help support good forest stewardship practices and to protect forests are to (1) source our wood, paper and ber based products from responsibly managed and certi ed forests and (2) use recycled content and or alternative bers when feasible.

Costco currently accepts forest management certi cations from three leading organizations: Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certi cation (PEFC), with a preference for FSC.

More information about Costco’s deforestation goals can be found on the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page in our Merchandising section.

Recycling conserves natural resources and reduces pollution.

Using recyclable packaging is critical to creating a supply of recycled materials.

Recycling promotes a circular process where materials can be used more than once before reaching the end of life, which helps preserve natural resources.

To be considered recyclable, various rules, regulations and guidelines require that the product be widely recyclable, meaning at least 50% (or more depending upon the geographic area) of the population has access to recycle the packaging.

Widely recyclable packaging is dependent upon the availability of needed materials from recycling streams, which are inconsistent.

This underscores the need for a multifaceted approach to recyclability.

Costco relies on the support of many organizations that provide guidance in recyclability, have labeling programs, evaluate materials, support local programs and provide insight into upcoming solutions, regulations and opportunities to collaborate.

Composting puts valuable nutrients back into our soils.

Compostable packaging o ers an option for packaging that can’t easily be recycled.

A successful compostable packaging program relies on access to industrial composting services.

In the Food Courts of our warehouses where those services are available, we’re transitioning to compostable food service packaging in phases as we seek to learn the most e ective options while responding to member feedback.

We continue to make progress in our Food Court packaging globally and actively seek solutions for the remaining food service items to help reduce single use plastic.

Labeling facilitates proper sortation and reduces contamination of the recycling stream.

We want our members to know how to properly recycle, compost or dispose of packaging.

If appropriate or legally mandated, we also want to communicate recycled content used in the packaging materials.

Costco utilizes many di erent labeling schemes worldwide, in our initiative to label our Kirkland Signature packaging with the appropriate regional guidance.

It is our intent to label all of our private label consumer packaging with the proper recycling information.

This past year we have increased our How2Recycle labeling to over 20% of our U.S. Kirkland Signature items and some Canadian items.

We now have over 350 products labeled with the How2Recycle system.

We continue to aggressively expand our labeling e orts in all of our regions, engaging in material evaluations and local regulatory requirements to better understand the global di erences in recycle collection, and how best to serve our members.

Costco has developed a packaging data collection survey to identify and account for the speci c materials used in all packaging components for our Kirkland Signature products.

Suppliers are assisting us in collecting this information for the purposes of developing comprehensive strategies and to identify areas of improvement.

Material health in packaging is reviewed by our Quality Assurance department.

For detailed information on our testing and screening process, see the Chemical Management page in our Merchandising section.

For more information, please review our Packaging FAQs.

While a majority of our merchandise is branded, Costco’s line of exclusive private label products called Kirkland Signature continues to grow and expand.

Kirkland Signature has grown into a global brand with over 75(cid:1)billion in sales in scal year 2022.

Costco’s mission is to continually provide our members with the best quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices.

With Kirkland Signature, we’re able to meet that mission in an exciting range of products.

We’re also able to focus on our sustainability goals with these products because in developing them we have better control over the entire supply chain, including where the product comes from, environmental impacts, labor conditions, packaging and under what conditions it is produced.

Provide our members with high quality products at the lowest possible price.

Are respectful of the people or animals who produce them.

Are respectful of the environment in the way they are produced, grown, harvested, processed, transported and packaged.

Our buyers work with our suppliers to continually improve our sourcing practices to enhance the quality and value of Kirkland Signature products, expand traceability, provide a fair return to people in the supply chain, and facilitate access to global or regional markets.

Traceability is important for several key reasons.

It enables Costco to know the quality and safety of the product examine issues related to environmental impacts list product origin information on the label and help people in the supply chain receive a fair return, so that the product can succeed in the long term.

Costco worked with Verisk Maplecroft to provide an independent, comprehensive and data led view of sustainability challenges across a broad range of agricultural raw materials, with a focus on our Kirkland Signature products.

This review enables us to make evidence led decisions to help prioritize sustainability strategy and risk mitigation e orts.

GHG intensity, water stress, deforestation, climate change vulnerability, biodiversity and protected areas.

Child labor, forced labor, gender inequality, decent wages, modern slavery and indigenous people’s rights.

A fair return in the supply chain is important for Costco to be successful, its suppliers must thrive.

This commitment helps to ensure long term supply and quality while also using market based approaches to address poverty and malnutrition.

Costco believes a fair return is more than the price paid for the item.

It includes programs that (1) support producers (i.e., ranchers, farmers, growers workers) and their communities through training for higher yields, quality and adaptation to climate change and extreme weather events (2) pay premiums for high quality products and (3) improve access to health care, education, housing, clean water and nutritious food for farmers workers and their communities.

We're working toward these goals one item at a time.

Though there is still a way to go in certain areas to meet them, we are also encouraged by stories of success in the Kirkland Signature items to date.

You can see several examples under Commodities More on our Merchandising page.

In order to secure long term supply, ensure quality products, create e ciencies and eliminate unnecessary costs, Costco has been exploring vertical integration and in country processing of some key Kirkland Signature items.

To meet growing member demands for our Kirkland Signature Rotisserie Chicken and fresh chicken in the meat case, Costco has a new, vertically integrated facility in Fremont, Nebraska.

It is operated by Lincoln Premium Poultry (LPP), a Costco a liate with poultry experience.

Incorporates state of the art equipment and design in its buildings.

Provides signi cant economic bene t to the local community and farmers.

Treats the chickens in accordance with the highest animal welfare standards.

Provides our members with the highest quality product at the lowest possible price.

The chicken complex is located on approximately 430 acres and includes a feed mill, hatchery, processing plant and testing laboratory.

The facilities are designed to conserve water, prevent runo and treat the water before returning to the watershed.

More information about water usage can be found on the Managing Water page in our Operations section.

Besides paying good wages and providing competitive bene ts such as health care, 401(k) retirement opportunities, and paid vacation and sick leave, the plant is subject to audits conducted by an independent third party auditor to ensure it is in compliance with the same Costco Supplier Code of Conduct that other Costco suppliers worldwide abide by.

More information about our Supplier Code of Conduct can be found on the Human Rights page in our People Communities section.

The complex relies on the support of more than 77 local farmers to grow the chickens required for the successful operation of the complex.

Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration), with a guaranteed base pay and the ability to earn a bonus.

The state of the art barns and equipment are built according to Costco LPP speci cations and are grower owned and or operated.

LPP provides growers with the chicks, feed (see below), a feed management plan, technical expertise and veterinary services.

Growers will be subject to strict animal welfare procedures audited by independent third party auditors, and biosecurity measures approved and monitored by the Nebraska Department of Agriculture.

More information can be found on the Animal Welfare page in our Merchandising section.

The feed mill sources corn and soybeans from local farmers, which adds another economic bene t to the region surrounding the chicken complex.

These grains are used to provide nutritious feed for the growers at no additional cost, as feed is included in the grower contracts.

For more information, here is a video from a local grower.

Costco operates a 93,700 square foot state of the art facility in Vaughan, Ontario, to produce frozen baked goods that are shipped to U.S., Canadian and Mexican warehouses.

The facility features four production lines that produce only eight items for the greatest e ciency.

Focusing on producing our high volume items for Costco Bakeries, while controlling costs and maintaining the highest quality of ingredients, allows us to lower the cost to our members.

The commissary has been able to achieve just over 3% waste from all lines.

This waste is then shipped o site and converted into animal feed, which reduces the waste leaving the facility to a minimum.

Utilizing bulk ingredient delivery systems also keeps the packaging of plastic and cardboard to a minimum.

In order to reduce ocean freight and transportation emissions, lower costs while retaining product quality, and increase the shelf life of food items, Costco is now exploring in country production of some of its high volume Kirkland Signature items.

Kirkland Signature Bath Tissue is now produced in nine regions.

Kirkland Signature Bottled Water is now produced in eight regions.

Kirkland Signature Roasted Cashews and Mixed Nuts are now produced in two regions.

We continually search for creative opportunities to reduce food waste when producing Kirkland Signature items.

For tilapia items, to ensure a product with a more uniform thickness and a more consistent cooking experience Costco uses only the top loin for its frozen Kirkland Signature Tilapia Loins.

However, this process left the thinner bottom loin of the tilapia as potential waste.

Costco has worked with several frozen sh suppliers such as Trident and High Liner Foods to nd a solution.

The result is frozen tilapia items found in Costco’s freezer section such as High Liner Tortilla Crusted Tilapia and Trident Seafoods Panko Breaded Tilapia.

Unused cashews from our whole nut program are used in other Kirkland Signature products such as our Kirkland Signature Cashew Clusters and Kirkland Signature Protein Bars.

The majority of Kirkland Signature chocolate products are made from cocoa sourced through sustainable programs, some of which are from Costco’s Sassandra Cocoa program, sourcing cocoa from C te d’Ivoire.

The Sassandra Program, named after the Sassandra River in the southwest region of C te d’Ivoire, is a partnership that began with Costco, Blommer and o in 2009.

This is the original location of the cooperatives from where we source our cocoa beans.

Since then, the program has expanded and remains exclusive to Costco.

The program in C te d’Ivoire is designed to provide a quality product that is traceable, improves pro ts and livelihoods for the farmers cooperative members, and introduces respectful environmental practices.

Each of our cooperatives are audited annually by an independent third party.

To date, these audits have been conducted by Intertek.

Child Labor Monitoring and Remediation System coverage Farms GPS polygon mapped to reduce risk of deforestation with a goal of 100%.

Social infrastructure investment, which includes schools, health centers, maternity wards and community investments such as water pumps and storage facilities.

Community development with a focus on women’s empowerment through literacy and numeracy programs, alternative income generating activities, village savings and loan programs, and community gender equality programs.

Improved production through nancing and farmer training.

Costco is dedicated to preventing and remediating child labor wherever it is found.

Unfortunately, child labor is a long term systemic issue in cocoa supply chains.

For full details on child labor monitoring and remediation programs in C te d’Ivoire, see Priority Industries for Strategic Collaboration in the Human Rights section on our People Communities page.

Costco supports e orts to eliminate deforestation in cocoa production.

We are aware that C te d’Ivoire has lost 80% of its forests in the past 50 years and that cocoa production is one of the drivers of that loss.

We are funding the distribution and replanting of trees to facilitate reforestation and agroforestry e orts, for a total of 219,000 trees to date.

Our goal is for 100% of cocoa farmers in the program in C te d’Ivoire to have their farms GPS polygon mapped for monitoring.

This is done to ensure the farms are not located in protected forests, and to help preserve these forests from any further encroachment.

As of June 2022, 100% of farmers are registered and 91% of the farms have been polygon mapped.

More details on the Sassandra Program can be found in the C te d’Ivoire Report and the Costco Connection article, Cocoa Channels.

Costco o ers numerous Kirkland Signature co ee items, which come from areas around the world.

Our commitment is to use responsibly grown co ee and to maintain quality relationships with the farmers who supply it.

That is why we focus our e orts in sourcing Kirkland Signature co ee from farms that are certi ed by one of these organizations: Rainforest Alliance, Fair Trade and or Enveritas.

More information can be found about these programs in our Costco Connection article, Family perks, as well this Rwandan video and Guatemalan video.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Ground Colombian Co ee is nitrogen ushed, allowing for a lighter can, which in turn allows Costco to put fewer trucks on the road and to lower the product’s carbon footprint.

Costco works closely with a number of egg producers to source organic eggs across the U.S. We support several producers in converting conventional operations to organic.

More information can be found in this Wilcox Farms video.

Costco is committed to providing cage free shelled egg options for our members and we continue to increase the percentage of cage free eggs we sell worldwide.

More information can be found on the Animal Welfare section in our Merchandising section (under Cage Free Eggs ).

In addition, Kirkland Signature Liquid Eggs are cage free in the U.S.

The transition to cage free eggs will continue to increase with added availability and capacity of cage free production.

For the Kirkland Signature Organic Milk program, we have partnered with suppliers that provide high quality milk at competitive prices.

The story of one of these suppliers that works with Costco to ensure a long term supply of organic milk and feed can be found in this Milk video.

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil.

For that reason and others, we source the soy for Kirkland Signature Organic Soy Non Dairy Beverage and Kirkland Signature Organic Non Dairy Vanilla Soy Beverage from the U.S. and Canada.

In addition, Costco o ers members additional Kirkland Signature plant based alternative beverages sourced from oats, almonds, coconuts and rice.

See a product spotlight featuring Silk Bee Better Certi ed almond milk products available at Costco on the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page in our Merchandising section.

Costco Gas Stations o er high quality fuel at a true value for our members.

Kirkland Signature gasoline has been certi ed to meet the TOP TIER performance standards ( nd out more at www.toptiergas.com).

Our Kirkland Signature gasoline is formulated to clean your engine, helping deliver optimal engine performance and e ciency.

Our fuel, tested to ensure quality and guarantee performance, is formulated with powerful deposit control additives that deep clean your engine, restore fuel economy and reduce emissions by helping to lower tailpipe pollution caused by intake valve deposits and plugged fuel he Kirkland Signature injectors.

With many of our warehouses o ering gas stations, members are able to get gas and shop in one trip, thus reducing their mileage and fuel consumption.

Our Gas Station equipment is designed to limit emissions arising from station operations and to contain gasoline vapor during bulk deliveries and the refueling process.

The nozzles have been upgraded to create fewer spills and drips, resulting in less evaporation to air pollution, and a cleaner gas purchase.

Costco is the rst r Costco is the rst retailer t ems in California t systems in C syst frfrom the st arare installed at other Costco stations all ar o place tank pressur eatly reduce the emissions gener alifornia to gro greatly r age tanks during routine business.

Similar syst ound the countryy.. om the stororage tanks during r e installed at other Costco stations all around the countr educe the emissions generatated ed ems outine business.

In addition, our stations have corrosion proof, double wall underground storage tanks, piping and containment sumps that are continuously monitored for leaks.

Finally, our station attendants and management sta are trained and certi ed on safety and environmental issues.

Several Costco locations have charging stations installed.

We will continue to evaluate the need for additional charging stations at each of our locations, and will install additional chargers as the population of electric vehicles increases.

As we do with all of our Kirkland Signature items, we’re working with our suppliers on sustainable practices in the production of our chia is a good example of these e orts.

They are seeds one of Costco’s sourcing partners for Kirkland Signature Organic Chia Seeds sold in Canada.

Mayorga Organics focuses exclusively on organic crops and develops direct relationships with smallholder farmers in remote regions of Latin America.

The company focuses on crop diversi cation and crop rotation to ensure that small farmers maintain healthy soils and diversi ed sources of income.

In addition, Mayorga supports producers with access to nancing, payment advances, agronomists and seeds, and by paying fair prices.

For more information, please view this chia farmers.

Hemp hearts, the soft inner center of the hemp seed, come from the same plant that has been used to make paper, rope, clothing and other products.

Kirkland Signature Organic Hemp Hearts are sourced from Canada and Lithuania.

In Canada, our hemp hearts are supplied by Manitoba Harvest, a certi ed B Corporation.

Manitoba Harvest’s hemp is grown without herbicides or pesticides.

They work with growers to provide agronomic coaching for eld selection and crop rotation and seed fertility practices, and to meet requirements for organic certi cation.

Learn more about Kirkland Signature Organic Hemp Hearts in these Costco Connection articles: Hemp hearts buzz and Glutton for gluten free.

Some Kirkland Signature cashew products are sourced from small scale farmers in C te d’Ivoire and Vietnam.

Supporting these farmers is the right thing to do and is key for us to continue being able to supply these premium quality cashews in the future.

For this reason, in 2018 we launched a cashew sustainability program by partnering with o (formerly Olam Food Ingredients).

The program started in Vietnam and has since been expanded to include C te d’Ivoire, with the aim of improving the livelihoods of thousands of farmers, their families and local communities through a variety of steps.

Project 99 in Cote d’Ivoire is designed to create a responsible cashew supply chain where smallholder farmers and their households have improved livelihoods, good health and well being.

Promoting beekeeping: Women cashew farmers are being trained in beekeeping to provide an additional source of income from the sale of honey.

They have been trained for more than six months through three training modules in keeping with bees’ natural calendar.

Additionally, beehives have been distributed to the communities in Gb k , Hambol, B r and Woroba areas.

Improving community access to clean and safe drinking water: Project 99 installed 10 water pumps to expand access to potable water.

This bene ted people across 10 villages, and four out of those 10 water pumps are working with solar energy.

Providing childcare services in processing facilities: In February 2022, Project 99 inaugurated its daycare near the Abidjan processing facility.

This has enabled nursing mothers and mothers of small children to continue to work and earn for their families while taking care of their children.

Training farmers on good agricultural practices: Through these training programs, farmers have been trained in the sustainable sourcing area where o operates.

This program started in 2018 and has expanded to support 3,715 farmers and their families across four towns through various initiatives.

Investing in quality education: Through supporting the infrastructure for a primary school in each town, 100 students are able to attend and have access to clean water.

Improving farmer incomes and livelihoods: The program trains farmers and provides them resources to improve the quality and value of the cashews they sell every year.

They are trained on Good Agricultural Practices including quality maintenance and post harvest management.

Empowering farmer cooperatives: In 2022, the program added a Cong Lang (or meeting location) where all the farmers in the village can get together for training, sell produce at a marketplace, and use the cooperative’s common o ce and desks for business needs.

Building better living conditions: The program also supports wider community e orts with a focus on renovating housing among the cashew farming communities.

You can see full details about these programs in the Cashew Program Report, provided by supplier o (formerly Olam Food Ingredients).

Costco has a long history of supporting smallholder olive farms.

Since 1996, we have directly supported thousands of smallholder farms in Tuscany to make high quality Kirkland Signature Toscano PGI (Protected Geographical Indication) Extra Virgin Olive Oil.

More information can be found in this Tuscan Olive Oil video.

The number of trees and yields on each property are veri ed.

Each bottle is numbered in Tuscany under the strict guidelines of PGI to ensure traceability, authenticity and quality.

Kirkland Signature 100% Italian Extra Virgin Olive Oil, sourced from outside Tuscany, is certi ed by an independent third party organization, with each bottle carrying an ISO certi ed sticker, providing proof that the oil is authentic and fully traceable to the source.

More information can be found in this Italian Olive Oil video.

We continue to expand our certi ed single origin olive oil o erings from Greece, Italy and Spain.

More information can be found in this Spanish Olive Oil video.

Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is committed to ensuring that the palm oil, palm kernel oil, palm kernel expeller and other palm based derivatives and fractions ( palm oil ) contained in Kirkland Signature products are responsibly sourced.

Our goal is that all palm oil used in Kirkland Signature products is 100% RSPO certi ed (or equivalent), with a preference for physical palm.

For a product to be RSPO certi ed, it must come from producers that have met the RSPO Principles and Criteria, which cover the most signi cant environmental and social impacts of palm oil production.

These include the immediate inputs to production, such as seed, chemical and water, as well as social impacts related to on farm labor and community relations.

They also apply to environmental protections, applying to things such as new plantings on peatlands, burning forests and clearing new areas.

For example, in May 2022, we reported 2021 calendar year data.

More information can be found in our Palm Oil Policy, the Annual Communication of Progress (ACOP) 2021 led with RSPO and on the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page of our Merchandising section.

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil.

For that reason and others, we source Kirkland Signature Soybean Oil and Kirkland Signature Vegetable Oil made from soybean oil from the U.S. and Canada.

The honeybee population is facing multiple health threats.

Honeybees are necessary for the pollination of approximately one third of food consumed, including fruit, nuts and vegetables.

Since 2012, we have invested over 7 million in honeybee health by contributing a portion of the sales of Kirkland Signature Honey items to the nonpro t honeybee research organization Project Apis m. (PAm).

The projects that Costco supports continue to expand.

Long Term Stock Improvement, which includes breeding and developing varroa resistant bees for a sustainable, chemical free varroa control option and maintaining a functioning and sustainable genetic repository for honeybee germplasm to safeguard the genetic integrity and diversity of honeybees against future health threats.

More information can be found here, The Hilo Bee Project Varroa Resistant Bee video.

Apiculture Technology Transfer Teams give U.S. beekeepers technical support in the eld, survey honeybee health and educate beekeepers about best management practices.

These teams save beekeepers money, prevent losses and help to keep a nger on the pulse of bee health nationwide.

Scholarship Grants provide to date more than 1.3 million to 18 scholars to support the future of honeybee research.

The program recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students who are pursuing research based doctoral degrees in elds within the PAm mission of enhancing honeybee health while improving crop production.

More information about these scholars in the U.S. and Canada can be found here: PAm Costco Scholars.

Seeds for Bees Forage puts blooming plants back on the agricultural landscape, helping bees get the nutrition they need to stay healthy, pollinate and make honey all while improving soil health and water in ltration.

For more information, please view The 2022 Seeds for Bees Impact Report.

The Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund establishes high quality pollinator habitat to ensure honeybee and monarch butter y population health.

The Midwest is a critical area where e orts are focused to support honey production, pollination and native pollinators.

For more information, view The 2022 Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund Impact Report.

Costco also o ers an additional honey category: 100% Local Raw Un ltered Honey from various regions around the U.S. More information can be found in the following Costco Connection articles, Bee local and Honeybee health in our Merchandising section (see Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship ) and at ProjectApism.org.

Kirkland Signature Black Pepper is one of our items that shows continuous improvement in both sourcing and packaging.

The pepper we use is sourced from Vietnam, including from farmers in the Quang Tri Province.

To learn more about how these Quang Tri Province farmers' livelihoods are improving, please read the Costco Connection article, Pepper for prosperity.

The top of the pepper grinder is removable to allow the grinder to be re lled and reused.

The clear jar is now composed of 50% recycled PET and is recyclable.

Additional shrink wrap lm has been removed from the display tray, which reduces the amount of overall plastic packaging.

Organic farming contributes to healthy land stewardship.

Costco's selection of organic products continues to grow to meet our members' demands.

Organic comprises 35% of our produce sales in the U.S.

Examples of organic products include fruit, vegetables, meat, eggs, cheese, milk, butter, grains, nuts, co ee, tea, juice, wine, beer, spices, oils, sauces, snacks and cotton.

Some are local to the individual geographic region and others are o ered worldwide.

We have many excellent suppliers who help us grow and expand our organic o erings.

These suppliers use eld practices that support soil health, promote natural pest management and weed control, and improve food safety.

Where it makes sense, we work with suppliers and growers to support the conversion of conventional supplies to organic.

A key component of the sustainable growth of protein organics, such as eggs, chicken, beef, pork, etc., is organic feed.

Costco works with its suppliers and their feed suppliers to learn the impact that this growing demand for feed has on farmers' future security, yields and income.

Greenhouses are a form of sustainable agriculture that we continue to explore with our suppliers.

We have worked closely with numerous suppliers to increase the amount of greenhouse grown produce we source, and we plan to continue with this strategy.

Greenhouse grown agriculture o ers many bene ts, including less water and chemicals used and more productivity per acre.

Greenhouses can also be strategically located, resulting in fewer transportation miles and fresher products.

In sourcing Costco’s live goods (indoor and outdoor plants) and fresh owers, we are mindful of the ecosystem impact of horticulture.

Consistent with our sustainability principles, we look for opportunities to promote more sustainable practices including limiting the use of chemicals, promoting pollinator health and ensuring decent and safe working conditions for those in the industry.

For example, many of our cut rose heads are sourced from Rainforest Alliance certi ed farms in Colombia and Ecuador, which provide traceability back to the farm and ensures speci c standards are met.

Additionally, many of these rose suppliers support their local communities through scholarship programs and childcare centers.

For more information about our Pollinator Health programs, see the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page in our Merchandising section.

In scal year (FY) 2022, Costco UK continued to source owers from Kenya through our supplier, MM Flowers.

MM Flowers sources our roses from farms near Mount Kenya and Lake Naivasha.

These farms are part of VP Group in Kenya, a oriculture group focused on sustainability across its farms.

They take on initiatives ranging from o ering free nutritious lunches for all employees to having dedicated committees for issues such as worker welfare and gender.

VP Group also focuses on community e orts such as providing potable water to the local community, donating to support community policing, and maintaining roads to improve local transport.

Costco recognizes that beef production has an impact on the environment and, depending upon the practices employed, the impact may be negative, positive or somewhere in between.

Costco encourages suppliers to support good land stewardship practices.

In response to concerns that beef production contributes to tropical deforestation in countries such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay, our intent is not to source beef from high risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability and monitoring systems are in place.

We have noti ed suppliers that Kirkland Signature items containing beef, including beef sold in our fresh meat cases, should not come from these regions.

We engage with our buyers and suppliers to con rm compliance, and did not nd beef from those countries of concern in scal year (FY) 2022.

According to supplier reports for FY22, over 88% of the beef in Kirkland Signature items came from the U.S., Canada and New Zealand.

Costco is a member of the U.S. and Canadian Roundtables for Sustainable Beef, with a mission to advance, support and communicate continuous improvement in the sustainability of U.S. and Canadian beef production by educating and engaging the beef value chain through a collaborative multi stakeholder e ort.

These organizations facilitate the system level change that is needed to address many of our environmental concerns.

Costco, in partnership with others in the U.S., is exploring how we can support ranchers to evaluate their management practices with key indicators linked to economic, social, livestock and environmental outcomes.

Costco recognizes that one of the greatest threats to native grasslands or prairies is conversion to cropland.

We also recognize that responsible beef production can be linked to the preservation of native grasslands in places like the Northern Great Plains (NGP) of the U.S., where the intact grasslands ecosystem is compatible with responsible cattle grazing.

Responsible grazing maintains the health of grasslands, improves soil quality with manure, and preserves open space and wildlife habitat.

Additionally, carbon is sequestered in the grasses and soils of grazing lands that are properly managed.

Beef production also provides social bene ts by sustaining livelihoods and community vibrancy in rural areas where grasslands dominate.

Keeping the NGP as grasslands not only helps conserve biodiversity, but it also means cleaner streams, less fertilizer runo , more pollinators for plants and more carbon stored in the soil.

Costco is aware of the need for protein diversi cation as an additional way to address deforestation and climate change.

We will continue to o er a selection of plant based proteins as alternative protein o erings to our members.

Some examples include plant based burger patties from companies such as Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods.

Seafood is an essential food for people around the world.

With growing global demand, and limited resources available, we want to ensure we’re sourcing seafood in a responsible and sustainable manner.

Continuously improve the sustainability of our seafood from either wild sheries or farmed aquaculture in ways that enable us to meet current demands without compromising the availability of future resources.

Ensure the human rights, safety and dignity of the people who produce, process and harvest the products we sell.

Protect our marine, coastal and freshwater ecosystems and limit the environmental impact associated with aquaculture and shing practices.

We believe products certi ed by Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) and Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) align with many of our sourcing objectives.

We are continuing to increase the volume of MSC and ASC sourced seafood items we sell globally.

We also support Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs) and Aquaculture Improvement Projects (AIPs), which help to meet MSC and ASC standards, respectively.

Costco aims not to sell any seafood species, either branded and Kirkland Signature , that are on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) endangered or critically endangered lists and or CITES Appendix I or II, unless sourced from MSC sheries.

We reevaluate these policies annually and work closely with our suppliers to evaluate compliance.

This includes our annual global supplier seafood survey, which helps us capture key information such as species, catch farm locations, catch farm methods and eco certi cations.

We are also working on traceability initiatives to ensure we can understand the connection between the seafood we o er our members and the people and places that help produce it.

For scal year (FY) 2022, 63.5% of our wild seafood is from a FIP or MSC certi ed sheries.

For wild species, we rely on the MSC certi cation process to ensure we are sourcing responsibly with regards to select species.

There are enough sh left in the sea to reproduce inde nitely.

Fishing operations must maintain the structure, productivity, function and diversity of the marine ecosystem.

Fisheries must comply with relevant laws and have a management system that allows it to respond quickly to changes in the status quo.

Until further notice, we’ve committed to not sell wild King salmon (also known as Chinook salmon) sourced from the Salish Sea (formerly known as Puget Sound), due to documented concerns related to its decline.

We do not sell certain wild species that have been identi ed at great risk, unless sourced from MSC sheries.

Fisheries) Shark Skates and rays Sword sh (sourced outside of U.S.

To support sheries in meeting the MSC’s standards, Costco is involved in a number of Fishery Improvement Projects.

These projects are alliances of stakeholders who work together to resolve aspects of the shery that do not meet the MSC standard.

Our involvement includes participation in FIP meetings, letters to governments and or sheries participants and nancial contributions.

We require FIPs to be veri ed and monitored as credible by publicly reporting on FisheryProgress.org.

From 2016 to 2022, Costco contributed 530,000 to support Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs).

Costco and its suppliers also purchase products from these FIP sheries.

Over time our sourcing from individual FIPs will vary, depending on market conditions and other factors.

Nicaragua is the eighth largest lobster producer in the world and the largest in Central America.

More than 95% of Nicaragua’s lobster is exported, mostly to the U.S. Critical issues that faced the shery before the FIP was developed in 2012 included lack of new or improved data on stock status, bycatch and habitat impacts from lobster traps.

Costco has been an industry leader in supporting the Nicaragua spiny lobster trap FIP since 2016.

With support from Costco and others, as well as strong engagement from the Nicaraguan government’s sheries agency, INPESCA, the FIP is now complete.

The shery entered the MSC full assessment process in September 2022 to achieve certi cation, and results on whether the shery will be certi ed will be determined by early 2024.

Peru’s mahi mahi shery supports over 10,000 shers and serves as a key link in the marine food chain, providing sustenance for sharks, dolphins, and other ocean predators.

Peru is also a leading source of the world’s mahi mahi and, like Ecuador, a top exporter to the U.S. Critical issues challenging this shery include the high number of unlicensed vessels in the shery, and lack of e ective national and international management of mahi mahi, a highly migratory species.

The shery also needs additional data on how shing interacts with other species including endangered sea turtles and sharks.

Costco has been a nancial supporter of the Peru mahi mahi longline FIP since 2015.

As part of this support, Costco has worked with its suppliers to encourage the Peruvian and Ecuadorian governments to agree to joint management measures for mahi mahi.

Key projects the FIP is implementing include working with the Peru Mahi Alliance, a group of 15 Peruvian mahi mahi companies who are committed to advancing the FIP, and IMARPE (the Peruvian Institute of the Sea) to scale up implementation of an electronic monitoring and catch documentation system and improve mahi mahi research as well as complying with the new FisheryProgress.org social policy which includes making shers aware of their rights and signing a human rights code of conduct.

Suppliers of Kirkland Signature Albacore Canned Tuna are participants in the International Seafood Sustainability Foundation (ISSF), which is undertaking science based initiatives for the long term conservation and sustainable use of tuna stocks, reducing bycatch and promoting ecosystem health.

Each participating company is audited by a third party for compliance with ISSF conservation measures.

Also, Costco is a founding member of the Seafood Task Force (STF see details below under Farmed Shrimp ).

We review the product traceability and mapping to vessels of our Kirkland Signature canned tuna supply chains.

Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment.

For FY22, 44% of our farmed seafood is sourced from ASC certi ed farms, or is ASC certi ed.

We believe that farmed seafood should be an integral part of our business, that aquaculture is a critical source of a ordable protein now and in the future, and that farming can be done in a responsible manner with reduced impacts on the environment and local communities.

In our sourcing, we work closely with organizations committed to sustainable practices in aquaculture.

Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC): This organization sets a comprehensive list of requirements that must be met for suppliers to gain certi cation.

These include water quality, responsible sourcing of feed, disease prevention, animal welfare, fair treatment and pay for workers and more.

ASC represents the most robust, credible aquaculture global standard.

Aquaculture Improvement Projects (AIPs): Like a Fishery Improvement Project described above regarding wild species, an Aquaculture Improvement Project helps producers improve their operations and meet ASC standards.

In support of this approach, from 2016 to 2022 Costco has contributed 330,000 to WWF to support and implement AIPs.

Here's a look at our sourcing policies related to popular seafood we o er at Costco.

Costco has been an active participant in implementing the ASC shrimp standards.

These standards help to minimize key negative environmental and social impacts of shrimp farming.

Our goal is to source farmed shrimp from farms and suppliers that have been certi ed to ASC standards.

This goal has been partially achieved and we are actively engaging to transition more shrimp farms to reach the ASC standard by working with our suppliers and the World Wildlife Fund to develop and implement AIPs.

More information about Costco’s shrimp sourcing, can be found in our July 2020 Costco Connection article, No small feat.

A key organization regarding the sourcing of farmed shrimp is the Seafood Task Force.

The organization works to drive greater business con dence for global seafood buyers purchasing from Asia by tackling illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) shing establishing supply chain oversight from vessel to plate mitigating risk assuring traceability and improving social and environmental performance, step by step.

Costco does not intend to sell genetically modi ed salmon.

Our goal is to source farmed salmon from farms and suppliers that have been certi ed to the ASC standard.

This goal has been partially achieved, and we are actively engaging to transition more salmon farms to reach the ASC standard.

Our approach is to work with our suppliers and the World Wildlife Fund to support a path to ASC certi cation.

In Chile, improvements have focused on key issues such as empowering local communities in salmon farming areas to better engage with companies on issues that impact them.

Many of our farmed salmon suppliers have joined the Global Salmon Initiative (GSI) and launched a commitment to reaching 100% ASC certi cation.

In alignment with ASC indicators, GSI e orts focus on reducing the use of antibiotics and pesticides, and avoiding wildlife interactions and escape events.

The group also works to catalyze progress toward continuous improvements in responsible sourcing of feed ingredients, including the reduction of the use of shmeal and sh oil, plus commitments toward deforestation free terrestrial feed ingredients.

Learn more about GSI’s progress toward ASC certi cation in its Sustainability Report.

We are working with our suppliers on implementing the ASC Pangasius Standard.

Our goal is to source pangasius from ASC certi ed farms and suppliers.

Costco’s intent is to only sell tilapia from farms and suppliers that are ASC certi ed.

Costco encourages suppliers to work toward ASC certi cation.

Additional information about Costco’s farmed tilapia practices can be found in our August 2016 Costco Connection article, Tilapia royalty.

We understand that aquaculture feed has an impact on wild sheries and on feed ingredients sourced on land.

We support the ASC Feed Standard, which de nes requirements for responsible factory practices and marine and terrestrial ingredients in ASC certi ed aquaculture feed, including soy and shmeal oil.

The ASC Feed Standard requires feed mills to source from more sustainable sheries over time.

Mills will have to record and report all ingredients that make up over 1% of a feed, and will need to take steps to ensure they have been sourced from supply chains with low risk for illegal deforestation.

Additionally, they will have to assess the risk of high risk and high volume ingredients that contribute to deforestation or land conversion, and must commit and report publicly to transitioning to a supply chain free from these key negative impacts.

This mechanism is based on internationally recognized steps by the Accountability Framework initiative (AFi) to work toward ethical supply chains.

More information about ASC’s aquaculture feed standards can be found on its website.

Cotton and textiles are an integral part of Costco’s business, particularly within our apparel and home textiles o erings.

We recognize some of the challenges in textile production (e.g., forced labor issues in cotton, environmental issues with producing synthetic fabrics) and as a result, we have focused on e orts to trace our cotton sources and ensure our items containing recycled textiles are certi ed to speci c global standards.

Costco began a cotton traceability program in 2019 to further understand where the cotton in our Kirkland Signature apparel is coming from.

In 2020, we enhanced this program to include supply chain mapping and third party traceability document veri cation.

In addition, our Kirkland Signature products made from Pima and or extra long staple length (ELS) cotton require DNA testing protocols to verify these species.

DNA testing is completed in multiple stages of the supply chain.

For our organic cotton products, manufacturers claiming organic cotton must be certi ed by Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS).

GOTS is the global industry leader in certifying textiles processing for organic bers, including cotton.

The GOTS system certi es the product throughout the entire textile supply chain, ensuring the organic status of cotton from raw materials to the end consumer.

Kirkland Signature Bed Sheets are made from Pima cotton grown in the Central Valley of California.

Through a patented technology, a program to test the traceability of cotton ber through the entire supply chain has been established.

This helps track the purity of the cotton and verify the manufacturing process from the elds to our shelves.

More information can be found in this Cotton Traceability video.

One of the farms that grows extra long staple (ELS) cotton used for our Kirkland Signature Bed Sheets is the family owned and operated farm in California.

Beyond compliance with regulatory requirements, BFCo has initiated programs and practices focused on protecting workers and the environment in the areas of soil health, climate change and water conservation.

To learn more about these e orts, visit Bowles Farming Company.

Recycled fabric technology continues to be popular in the textile industry, especially in light of sustainability goals across the apparel and home goods industries.

Bene ts of recycled textiles include lower energy usage in production and a reduction in the need for virgin materials.

As a result, at Costco we look to source recycled textiles for our items.

Our goal is for our suppliers to create wood, paper and ber based products with as little impact to the ecosystem as possible while still delivering the quality and price that our members demand.

After a 10 year moratorium on teak, in 2015 we began selling a limited amount of outdoor teak furniture that was 100% FSC certi ed.

We continue to require that teak sold at Costco is FSC 100% certi ed.

Costco has expanded FSC certi cation to other species of solid wood products, including FSC certi ed cedar wood playsets, gazebos, outdoor furniture and pavilions.

To learn more about our product testing of furniture products, please visit the Chemical Management page of our Merchandising section.

Our packaging goals are to reduce the amount of packaging used, while still protecting the product’s integrity.

Fiber for paper based packaging should come from known sources, should be procured legally and should not contribute to deforestation.

Because there is a limited supply of certi ed ber, we highly encourage the use of recycled content whenever possible.

In scal year (FY) 2020, all of our U.S. ecommerce shipping boxes ful lled by Costco used 100% recycled content.

In FY21 and FY22, due to increased demand for ecommerce products and supply constraints, we had to supplement some boxes that did not utilize 100% recycled content.

More information can be found on the Packaging page of our Merchandising section.

Our goal is to have all Kirkland Signature paper products created to optimize recycled content and tree free bers where feasible.

Virgin wood bers should come from certi ed, well managed forests that don’t contribute to deforestation or degradation.

Costco accepts forest management certi cations from three leading organizations: Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)1, Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certi cation (PEFC), with a preference for FSC.

These certi cations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their communities are balanced with conservation.

As of FY22 and based upon the volume of ber used in our Kirkland Signature paper based products in the chart below, 99.5% is certi ed to FSC, SFI and or PEFC, according to supplier reports.

We are working toward 100% certi cation that will include our Kirkland Signature Photo Paper, which represents 0.4% of this ber volume.

This item is scheduled to transition to FSC certi cation in 2023 as we sell through our previous inventory.

The Kirkland Signature Gift Tissue is already using 100% recycled content, of which 50% is post consumer recycled content we don’t intend to transition to a forest certi cation at this time.

All of the register tape used in our U.S. and Canadian warehouses and gas stations are FSC certi ed and are also phenol free (no BPA or BPS).

We are working to expand that to warehouses and gas stations worldwide.

Japanese warehouse and gas station receipts now use ber from FSC certi ed sources.

More information can be found on the Chemical Management page of our Merchandising section.

Many of Costco’s printed materials, such as our Costco Connection magazine and various promotional iers, use certi ed ber.

Our U.S. warehouse pharmacy transitioned to member bags with FSC certi ed recycled content.

More information can be found on the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page of our Merchandising section.

Costco is committed to providing members with wipes that are sourced in an environmentally responsible manner.

For example, Kirkland Signature Baby Wipes are made with biodegradable, renewable bers derived from 100% plant based materials that are FSC certi ed.

In addition, the bers for Kirkland Signature Daily Facial Towelettes, and Kirkland Signature Flushable Wipes are also FSC certi ed.

For more information, see this Costco Connection article.

All timelines and commitments described in December 2021 in Costco’s 10 Point Climate Action Plan were met or exceeded, or are on track for completion as of December 2022.1 Our updated Climate Action Plan (detailed below) updates milestones and commitments that were achieved over the past two years.

Several ongoing activities will continue, including evaluation of emerging climate related policy, regulatory and ESG reporting requirements and expectations analysis of potential partnership and stakeholder engagement opportunities and improvement of our core capabilities (e.g., technology, data, processes, systems and expertise).

Additionally, we will continue to build the capabilities to track compliance and dynamically monitor natural resource consumption and CO2e emissions at our warehouses, including the use of our Sustainability Technical Assistance Review (STAR) framework.

See details on the Environmental Compliance page in our Operations section.

The viability of our Climate Action Plan depends upon many external factors that may be directly or indirectly beyond our control and include: our suppliers ability to meet our expectations socio economic and public health risks the direct and indirect impacts of global climate change on our operations and global value chain changes in the international and national policy and regulatory landscape, permitting requirements, the availability of refrigerant equipment and low GWP refrigerant alternatives, the availability of quali ed refrigerant and HVAC service providers, requisite supply of clean energy.

As well as supply chain volatility, energy and commodity pricing, regulatory signals, and shifting member preferences and stakeholder attitudes also are material factors that can impact our Climate Action Plan timeline.

The data reported is compiled from sources that we believe are reasonable to rely on at the time of publication, may change as new information becomes available, and future reports may change accordingly.

We currently incorporate global standards and guidance across measurement, disclosure and reporting and will continue to monitor preliminary, forthcoming and evolving standards and guidance (e.g., SEC’s proposed rule on Climate Related Disclosures, UK disclosure r equirements based on TCFD, potential expansion of the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, new disclosure areas within CDP, and more).

These will continue to inform our approach to climate action.

Standard, Scope 3 Standard and Land Sector Removals Guidance.

Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) Corporate Net Zero Standard and Forests Land and Agriculture (FLAG) guidance.

Task Force for Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).

Task Force for Nature Related Financial Disclosure (TNFD).

UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports, including the recent 6th Assessment Report.

Outcomes of UN Climate Change Conference of Parties (COP), including COP27.

While we have not adopted Science Based Targets, we actively consider SBTi’s Corporate Net Zero Standard as a framework for ambitious climate strategy and will continue to utilize SBTi’s guidance.

Solutions must be operationally viable and ful ll our obligations to our shareholders, employees, members, suppliers and the communities we serve.

We made progress across a number of topics, including governance and reporting and Scope 1, 2, and 3.

Expanded Approach to Governance and Reporting in Alignment with TCFD: We expanded our approach to Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate Related Disclosures (TCFD), which are publicly disclosed in our Governance Reporting section.

Our TCFD report builds on our 2020 adoption of material dimensions of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standard, found in the same section.

We analyzed our publicly available ESG information and reporting in the context of TCFD’s recommendations to prepare for new regulatory requirements in the markets we operate.

We conducted the company’s rst TCFD aligned climate scenario analysis.

This process brought together global executives and senior leaders to explore climate related risks and opportunities and the resilience of our business.

We are enhancing our climate related risk management function.

Expanded Disclosure to CDP to Include CDP Forests: We submitted our annual CDP Climate submission in July 2022.

We also submitted our rst ever CDP Forest Questionnaire.

Established and Veri ed Costco’s Fiscal Year 2020 Base Year Scope 1, 2, and 3 Emissions Inventory: We use scal year 2020 (FY20) as our base year for our carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reduction commitments, targets and consideration for future action.

We calculated and veri ed our Scope 1 and Scope 2 base year emissions2 in 2021 and estimated and veri ed our Scope 3 base year emissions in 2022.

Our base year inventories were veri ed by SCS Global.

E ective July 2022, we moved to reporting our emissions on a scal year basis to align better with our nancial reporting.

Our 2020 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions were calculated on a calendar year basis, and we do not expect it to di er materially from a scal year basis.

We also categorized our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions across Operations and Merchandising, as outlined in the below table.

Emissions included in Operations include Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 Categories 2, 3, 5, 6, and 7.

Emissions included in Merchandising include Scope 3 Categories 1, 4, 9 and 11.

Biogenic emissions (emissions that come from natural sources) have been excluded from our Scope 3 inventory per GHG Protocol guidance.

Improvement of operational energy e ciency, energy supply, refrigeration, alternative fuel and electri cation related initiatives is central to managing our Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

Our approach to operations related emissions has limited the increase of CO2e across our portfolio to less than our company sales growth every year since 2017.

Our FY21 Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions decreased 0.6% from our FY20 base year.

Please see Progress Update: Costco’s Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Emissions at the end of this document for details.

We estimated our Scope 3 CO2e emissions for 11 of 15 GHG Protocol Scope 3 categories in 2022.

See below for a summary of which categories we included in our assessment.

Note: Category 12 (End of life Treatment of Sold Products) Scope 3 emissions are relevant and material, but we do not yet have data to calculate them.

Costco started measuring its baseline for total waste emissions in FY21.

Since then, we have estimated our total Scope 3 (GHG Protocol Category 5) waste emissions for all reporting Costco locations for FY20, FY21, and FY22 based upon the total tonnage to land ll and total tonnage diverted.

We reported (cid:20)(cid:23)7(cid:15)(cid:22)(cid:23)7 mtCO2e in FY20 and 147,138 mtCO2e in FY21.

Developed Scope 1, 2, and 3 Action Plans: We created Operations and Merchandising Action Plans to address our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.

This was achieved by evaluating our baseline data, assessing industry leading practices and global standards, and modeling near term and long term CO2e reduction opportunities within the context of SBTi’s Corporate Net Zero Standard.

Details on these plans and their accompanying metrics and targets can be found below.

Engaged our Suppliers on Climate: We surveyed our top 500 suppliers to understand their CO2e emissions tracking, metrics and emissions reduction e orts.

They represent approximately 70% of annual U.S. sales.

In 2022, we increased our absolute Scope 1 and 2 CO2e reduction target by 19% as shown in the table below.

We plan to disclose in December 2023 an absolute Scope 3 CO2e reduction target.

Although the success of implementing our Operations Action Plan depends upon many factors, some of which are beyond our control, our plan focuses on seven key areas to help us reach our Scope 1 and 2 goals: energy supply, energy e ciency, refrigeration, electri cation, design and site selection, oversight and employee education.

Our priority is to purchase clean energy and integrate on site energy systems when operationally feasible and acquire high quality, veri ed renewable energy certi cates (REC) after exhausting all other operationally viable reduction pathways.

We have committed to purchase 80% clean electricity by 2030.

We will source an increasing percentage of contract purchases from low carbon energy sources through 2030 (and beyond).

Additionally, we own and operate more than 100 on site solar systems, with the intention to expand on site solar operations where feasible.

Standard Delivery Renewable Energy, which will be achieved through meeting compliance with state Renewable Portfolio Standards (RPS) targets and an anticipated decarbonization of the electric grid.

Green Tari s, which are currently available in 15 regulated states.

Power purchase agreements (PPA), which will be actively pursued in all deregulated markets as a physically delivered purchase from a green eld project (to claim potential additionally) integrated into our retail contracts.

RECs with (Grid Null Financial) Power, which will be the nal tier(s) in the strategy and will cover all MWh that are not or cannot be managed through the previously listed three structures.

We continue to evaluate ways to reduce Scope 1 natural gas usage.

Our options include Certi ed Natural Gas, Methane Performance Certi cate, Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) and Blended RNG.

Most energy used in our warehouses is for refrigeration, HVAC, lighting, food preparation and heating water.

We continue to build the capabilities to track compliance as well as monitor and manage natural resource consumption at our warehouses, and at the individual warehouse and aggregate levels.

Our Sustainability Technical Assistance Review (STAR) framework is another tool that helps reduce warehouse CO2e emissions.

See details on the Environmental Compliance page in our Operations section.

Our prior successes in reducing energy consumption make further reductions challenging.

As part of our energy e ciency e ort, we are implementing a plan to accelerate the replacement of existing incumbent lighting and LEDs in our warehouses to more e cient LEDs with lower wattage.

In addition to evaluating reliability centered maintenance practices and technology upgrades, we are piloting a strategic Retrocommissioning Building Tune Up Program across a select number of warehouses.

Through energy audits and energy e ciency measures we seek to maintain energy savings and carbon reductions long term.

This program will be supported by a new group of Certi ed Energy Managers, who will be responsible for establishing and improving each warehouse’s energy use.

Fugitive emissions from our refrigeration systems make up around 24% of our FY21 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and represent an area of continued focus.

The goal is to reduce the harmful impacts from hydro uorocarbons (i.e., HFCs) and other gases from the refrigeration systems in our warehouses.

We are committed to accelerating the phase out of HFCs and increase our investment in refrigeration retro ts to reduce refrigerant emission Global Warming Potential (GWP) by 30% by 2030 as compared to our 2020 baseline.

Performed 15 refrigeration retro ts in order to move to lower GWP refrigerants.

Tested new state of the art leak detection systems to identify refrigerant leaks and trigger alerts for faster resolution.

Collaborated with the North American Sustainable Refrigeration Council (NASRC) to engage on industry wide challenges.

Protection Agency’s GreenChill program for two new warehouses that opened in the fall of 2021, which is the equivalent of avoiding the annual equivalent of 2,888 Mt CO2e.

We also commit to increasing the number of CO2 based refrigeration systems in the United States and Canada to 50% of all new U.S. and Canada warehouses through FY30.

In addition, we will obtain the GreenChill platinum level certi cation for all new CO2 warehouses opened in 2023 and beyond.

We continue to explore opportunities to replace fossil fuels with electricity in our warehouses, depots and manufacturing facilities.

This consists of a range of pilot programs and analysis to identify, understand and evaluate the operational and nancial implications aligned to our broader global energy strategy.

Evaluate electric vehicles, including piloting electric tractors, yard trucks and electric terminal tractors.

Pilot electric equipment within our warehouses, including testing an electric bakery oven at one of our warehouses.

Conduct electric vehicle charging tests at multiple warehouse locations, to evaluate the feasibility of installing electric vehicle charging stations for our members.

We are committed to converting all of our depot yard trucks from diesel models to alternative fuel models (including electric variants) by 2035.

This is dependent upon the technology meeting our business and operational requirements.

See the Transportation Logistics page in our Operations section of our Sustainability Commitment for additional details on electric vehicle pilot programs and electric vehicle charging stations.

We understand the importance of the built environment and the locations we choose to build our warehouses, depots and manufacturing facilities on our carbon footprint and the natural environment.

Increasing the amount of recycled materials used in constructing our full metal buildings, including the use of prefabricated structural steel systems and recycled asphalt in all new parking lots.

Optimizing the use of the green spaces at our warehouses in line with our broader sustainability commitments, including planting trees, increasing planting density and drought tolerant species, and native and ornamental vegetation.

We are also evaluating new technologies, such as low carbon steel and low carbon cement, to identify opportunities to test in new or renovated buildings.

See the Construction, Landscaping Preservation page in our Operations section for additional details.

We established a new cross functional, executive level governance structure for energy related projects, which meet regularly to evaluate opportunities.

We are also implementing an enterprise sustainability data management system for improved tracking, reporting and decision making.

We began investing in employee education and career development in 2022 on the topics of energy e ciency, energy management, and data analytics.

For example, in Q1 of 2023, we will train up to 50 employees to become Certi ed Energy Managers (CEMs), who will support implementation of energy related initiatives that will help us meet our Scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction goals in partnership with the Executive Global Energy Task Force and the Energy Department.

Clean energy as de ned by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE).

We use a holistic approach to sustainability that addresses more than climate factors within the merchandising portion of our business.

Although climate is an important factor, we ask six comprehensive questions throughout our supply chains related to traceability, human rights, animal welfare, environment and land stewardship, climate and packaging.

Please see our Merchandising section to learn more about these six questions.

We estimate that our FY20 Scope 3 emissions are approximately 141 million metric tons, representing around 98% of our global CO2e footprint (excluding biogenic carbon emissions).

Because the majority of our carbon footprint lies within our supply chain Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services) and Category 11 (Use of Sold Product) represent 96% of our Scope 3 emissions we are committed to working with our suppliers, other stakeholders in the supply chain, and others to reduce the supply chains’ overall carbon footprint.

Our action plan consists of ve key components: traceability, supplier engagement, sourcing strategy, partnerships and pilots, and future opportunities.

We understand the need for Costco to source its items responsibly.

To do so, we must understand where our items come from and the entities in the supply chain, back to the farm or source.

Conduct materiality and risk assessments for our business to prioritize our resource allocation.

Build out technology infrastructure to support traceability e orts.

In 2022, we completed a survey of our top 500 U.S. suppliers to understand their actions to measure, report, set targets for, and reduce their emissions.

Our analysis found that around 64% of our suppliers have not started taking measures towards measuring and disclosing emissions, around 19% have started collecting and disclosing their emissions, and the remaining suppliers are further along with setting targets for their emissions.

Of our top 500 U.S. suppliers, around 16% state they are committed to SBTi's framework and an additional 4% state they are aligned with SBTi.

Support suppliers to advance along their sustainability maturity curves with respect to measuring, disclosing, and target setting for their Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.

Engage suppliers to purchase more clean energy and encourage them to set clean energy purchasing goals.

Develop supplier scorecards and item scorecards to benchmark, celebrate successes, and encourage accountability.

Engage suppliers to reduce packaging impacts and improve circularity.

We aim to be thoughtful about how and what we source to ensure we are doing the right thing for our members, our employees, our suppliers, the environment, and the workers and communities in our supply chains.

Use CO2e emissions footprint as an input into selection of certain items (e.g., Energy STAR certi ed items for Category 11).

Continue our commitment to eliminate deforestation in key commodities in our Kirkland Signature supply chains: palm oil, wood pulp paper, soy, cocoa and beef.

Continue to update our progress on our Sustainability Commitment Updates and also publicly report using CDP Forest.

Pilot new technologies or programs for regenerative agriculture to promote and scale more sustainable agriculture practices.

Partner with suppliers, farmers, NGOs and consortiums on at source initiatives (e.g., regenerative agriculture programs for corn and soy).

We will continue to research and investigate other opportunities to impact our Scope 3 footprint.

Account for the impact of new Science Based Target Initiative Forest, Land and Agriculture ( FLAG ) target setting guidance and GHG Protocol Land Sector and Removals guidance (expected to be released in Q2 2023).

Assess our global water footprint across our supply chain and explore ways to optimize and reduce our water use throughout our operations and supply chain.

Identify one of our priority commodity supply chains to begin to pilot the TNFD in FY23 and report on progress in December 2024.

Included in direct emissions are diesel used by Costco’s truck eets, refrigerated trailers and yard haulers propane to power mobile oor scrubbers jet fuel for corporate jets and fugitive emissions from HFC refrigerants from refrigeration and air conditioning equipment.

Scope 2 Indirect Emissions are for purchased electricity and comprise the largest percentage of our total Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

Although Costco’s nancial reporting is done on a scal year basis, for purposes of CDP reporting, sales have been converted to calendar year for 2016 2020.

We revert back to scal year accounting in 2021 in accordance with how we changed our reporting time frame for the 2021 CDP report.

These tCO2e numbers have been restated for 2016 to include all refrigerants resulting in an additional 127,481.8 tCO2e.

IPCC reporting guidelines o er a choice to include or exclude HCFC.

Costco has revised internal policies to include refrigerants as a more appropriate method of calculating emissions.

Costco has re ned reporting to include all facilities in all regions and all reportable sources.

Therefore, the corresponding calculation of year over year sales uses 2016 worldwide sales of 117,223,539.

Includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions for all manufacturing facilities for the duration they were open in the reporting year, including the Lincoln Premium Poultry plant in Nebraska, U.S. 10 Restated sales numbers for 2018.

This does not include all Costco Logistics facilities and does not include market o sets.

These numbers represent our emissions estimate from August 30th, 2020 to August 29th, 2021.

Please note that this calculation uses the Location based methodology to calculate Scope 2 emissions.

As reported in our latest CDP Climate Report, our Market based Scope 2 emissions number is 1,418,244 tCO2e which is 10,507 tCO2e less than the Location based number.

Governance Education and we are working together toward our goals and progress on our initiatives.

In scal year (FY) 2022, Costco’s Board of Directors o cially made sustainability a core part of the charter and responsibility for the Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee.

Regular reporting to our Board of Directors and to the Nominating and Governance Committee occurs throughout the year.

On the management side, Costco’s sustainability strategy continues to be led by our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance, who reports directly to the CEO and regularly engages the Board and executive team, including monthly updates to our global executives at our Budget Meetings.

Costco recently launched our ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) Executive Advisory Council, which brings together leaders from across the company to chart goals and strategy.

We have also aligned executive compensation with ESG priorities through our Executive Bonus Plan, which rests, in part, on quantitative metrics including diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), resource consumption, waste reduction and climate.

The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee jointly oversee this element of the Plan.

Articles in the Costco Connection, our monthly publication for members.

Articles in the Costco Today, our employee magazine.

Training and educational opportunities for our employees and suppliers throughout the year, including in person presentations at our annual International Manager’s Conference and our annual Supplier Day.

Policies and guidelines for our employees and suppliers.

Job aids and operational procedures to help our employees comply with our policies and programs.

This Sustainability Commitment, which is updated at least annually.

Costco follows the guidance of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for reporting on sustainability metrics.

In scal year (FY) 2021, we began an assessment of ESG reporting methodologies, best practices, trends and opportunities.

We determined that the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards would provide investors information pertaining to topics that are relevant to our operations.

We identi ed two SASB industries most relevant to our business: Food Retailers Distributors and Multiline and Specialty Retailers Distributors.

A cross functional team reviewed these SASB metrics and selected those that were relevant to our operations.

With the assistance of third party consultants, we conducted a data quality risk assessment of these selected SASB metrics.

Based upon that assessment, we identi ed a subset of SASB metrics for which we reported our U.S. operations.

For FY22, we have expanded the scope of those metrics and report on our global business in the following reference table.

Renewable fuel is not directly purchased though there may be renewable fuel in the fuel mix purchased.

This value has been restated due to change in methodology to be consistent with current year presentation.

For US, data is as reported by third party service technicians and for systems over 50 lbs.

We report emissions from the six gases covered under the Kyoto Protocol.

More complete reporting may be found in our CDP report.

Consistent with the NIST Computer Security Incident Handling framework, Costco maintains incident response plans and playbooks that address corrective actions to be taken in response to data security incidents.

While the actions themselves are incident speci c, they may include noti cations to impacted individuals and regulatory agencies, additional employee communications and training, technical or physical controls or process implementation, and documentation reviews and updates.

Our true rate of pay is 27, which includes twice yearly Extra Checks for long tenured hourly employees.

Represents per esents percentage of employees cover end.

We consider all seasonal turnover as involuntar codes.

W centage of employees covered under a collective bar e consider all seasonal turnover as involuntaryy.. gaining ed under a collective bargaining ermination egorization of termination o categorization of t ed due to cat estated due t.

As introduced in our Climate Action Plan, Costco has been working towards reporting aligned with the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

The four core elements are Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.

We have identi ed climate related risks and opportunities that are impactful to Costco, yet have determined that none represents a material risk to our business in the short term.

Our governance structures focus on two streams: Strategy Oversight and Implementation, Reporting Compliance.

Our Board of Directors has oversight to ensure Executive management has processes for managing risks and setting strategy for climate related impacts.

In scal year (FY) 2022, Costco’s Board made sustainability a part of the Nominating and Governance Committee’s charter, including oversight of environmental and sustainability policies and initiatives.

Below depicts governance of climate related risks and opportunities.

Under the Board’s direction, we have also aligned a portion of executive compensation with environmental and social priorities through our Executive Bonus Plan, which rests on quantitative metrics including diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), resource consumption and waste reduction, and emissions reduction, as well as qualitative factors.

For FY23, this element of the plan was extended to Senior Vice Presidents and Country Managers.

Costco’s sustainability strategy and Climate Action Plan continues to be led by our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance, who reports to the CEO and regularly engages with the Board and the Nominating Governance Committee and Compensation Committee.

This Vice President also serves as Chair of the newly formed ESG Executive Advisory Council, which brings together executives from across the company to set goals and strategy.

This cross functional approach is also carried forward by various task forces such as our newly established Global Energy Task Force (discussed in our Climate Action Plan), the Merchandising Task Force for Supplier Engagement, and ESG Reporting.

We recognize the multi dimensional nature of ESG priorities and the need to engage leadership across departments and geographies.

Climate change is impacting the world and our business, and these impacts are growing.

In April and July 2022, our global executives conducted in depth climate related scenarios analysis, exploring climate related risks and opportunities to operations, supply chain, members, employees, reputation and products.

Using an exploratory approach, we leveraged three Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) Sixth Assessment (2021 22), in alignment to the IPCC’s temperature based Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs), we identi ed potential impacts under the following scenarios: a coordinated global action achieves average warming of well below 2.0 C a 2.0 3.0 C warming, with a fragmented global geopolitical and commercial response to climate change an average warming exceeding 3.0 C, characterized by a reactive, sporadic global response to mitigate and adapt to the worst e ects of climate change.

From this analysis, we created an inventory of climate related risks and opportunities related to our business.

We anticipate transitional and physical impacts from climate change and will continue to evaluate impacts on our nancial position.

Based on our current assessment we foresee our identi ed climate related risks outweighing our climate related opportunities.

Short term (1 5 Years): Generally aligned with our timeframe for internal nancial planning, budgeting and analysis.

Long term (10 30 Years): To capture impacts of chronic physical risks that could potentially develop over time and manifest in our operations and supply chain.

Emerging emissions reporting requirements are labor intensive in our Medium term current technology posture and could require extensive changes to processes.

Strategic planning may be challenging due to evolving market response to climate change.

Merchandising may become more di cult, as widely varying regulations may increase production costs throughout our supply chain, creating challenges to source products or categories at typical pricing.

Decreased demand for gasoline due to climate change concerns and economic shifts may a ect future operations and negatively impact sales and tra c in our warehouses.

Emission reduction programs and initiatives may lead to higher operating costs, prices and or reduced margins.

Increased intensity and frequency of oods, wind storms, wild res, cyclones, storm surges, hail, drought, etc.

Extreme variability in weather patterns may disrupt global supply chains by decreasing the production capacity of our suppliers and or increasing production and transportation costs.

Increased or decreased levels of precipitation may cause ooding, droughts, and water shortages that could have operational and or community impacts and or disrupt global supply chains.

Rising temperatures may increase energy costs, disrupt power grids and could have operational and or community and or global supply chain impacts.

Value provided to consumers through volume purchases and e cient distribution may allow Costco to gain market share for sustainable and low carbon items.

Transitioning to renewable and clean energy sources may allow Costco to decrease overall emissions, provide greater visibility on energy pricing, and participate in certain tax incentives in the US and elsewhere.

Initiatives to reduce Costco and customer waste may allow for participation in new revenue streams through circular product design and decreased costs associated with disposal.

For each of the three scenarios analyzed, we evaluated Costco’s resilience and our ability to mitigate the transition and physical risks identi ed and to capitalize on future opportunities.

In all scenarios, Costco’s operational strengths were identi ed as a core element of its resilience, including our no frills, operations focused warehouses and depots, which allows us to build resilience into our operations through investments in renewable and clean energy, technology and equipment.

We identi ed that our global supply chain, geograph ically diverse retail locations, and membership based model provide risk diversi cation.

Continuing to build resilience throughout our supply chain with deepened supplier relationships will be crucial to mitigating and adapting to the impacts of climate change, as well as capturing market based opportunities in response to evolving member expectations and needs over time.

Please see our Sustainability Commitment and Climate Action Plan for further details on Costco’s sustainability and climate strategies.

We have engaged third party consultants to assist with risk assessment.

We identi ed and qualitatively assessed potential impact and likelihood of climate related risks that impact the Food Beverage and Multiline retail industries as a whole and those that may uniquely impact Costco’s membership warehouse business model.

We will continue to develop a framework to assess nancial impacts from these risks and opportunities under several climate scenarios, as described above.

We will continue to solicit input from global leaders across the company to assess climate related risks (as well as opportunities) and generate options for managing those risks.

These discussions inform strategy setting by the Board, the Executive Committee and ESG Executive Advisory Council and serve as groundwork for determining climate related initiatives.

Climate is not a new challenge for us, though we expect to experience its impacts at a greater volatility and velocity.

We under Stand the long term importance of climate related risks and oppor tunities.

Our aim is that our business remains responsible, resilient and relevant in accordance with our Mission Statement and Code of Ethics.

Our processes for developing remediation for risks and integrating that remediation into our operations are evolving.

The ESG Executive Advisory Council which is supported by cross functional operating teams will be key for identi cation, assessment and management of climate related risk.

Any material climate related risks identi ed will be communicated to the Executive Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors for evaluation.

Our Climate Action Plan features an in depth discussion of climate related Reduction Commitments, Metrics and Targets.

Costco embraces transparency in climate reporting through frameworks such as CDP, where we have regularly shared our progress for over a decade.

Alongside our emissions reporting, we disclose a range of other metrics and targets that we have published for several years.

These metrics represent important environmental impacts relevant to Costco and where we can make the most positive impact, even as they directly and indirectly a ect Costco’s total greenhouse gas emissions.

Many statements contained in this document are aspirational and relate to the manner in which the Company currently seeks or intends to conduct certain of its activities, based on management's current plans and expectations.

These statements are not promises, guarantees, or statements on which you should rely with respect to the Company's conduct or policies, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be material and or beyond the Company's control.

In addition, certain statements contained in this document constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

For these purposes, forward looking statements are statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that the Company expects or anticipates may occur in the future.

In some cases forward looking statements can be identi ed because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms.

Such forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to di er materially from those indicated by such statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, domestic and international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the e ects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the nancial markets, consumer and small business spending patterns and debt levels, breaches of security or privacy of member or business information, conditions a ecting the acquisition, development, ownership or use of real estate, capital spending, actions of vendors, rising costs associated with employees (generally including health care costs), energy and certain commodities, geopolitical conditions (including tari s and the Ukraine con ict), the ability to maintain e ective internal control over nancial reporting, COVID 19 related factors and challenges, and other risks identi ed from time to time in the Company’s public statements and reports led with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company does not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law.

Reduction of Kirkland Signature and Fresh Produce plastic packaging, based on supplier reported data.

Our governance policies, including the Information Security Policy, outline high level strategic information security objectives to meet compliance and regulatory requirements.

Costco identi es and addresses data security risks based on several frameworks, including ISO27001, the NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

The company’s governance policies, including the Information Security Policy, outline high level strategic information security objectives to meet compliance and regulatory requirements.

We have standards, procedures and programs to guide the management of data security risks.

Costco has implemented several technology measures, leveraging third party security providers when needed, and engages in multiple activities to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risks in systems (e.g., scanning for common vulnerabilities and exposures, penetration tests on internal and external networks, code scans on applications, employee awareness and training, internal and external audits).

We also review on a risk based priority third parties with whom we do business in an e ort to reduce the likelihood of security incidents or business interruptions.

Costco employs a defense in depth strategy to address the attack chain and safeguard our systems and information.

Some of the measures utilized by Costco include phishing detection and mitigation, multi factor authentication, information system protection systems such as anti malware, anti ransomware, endpoint detection and response, le integrity monitoring, and other system hardening techniques.

Networks are protected using network detection and response capabilities, are segmented, and provide ow level visibility into lateral movement potential e commerce systems are protected by a web application rewall.

This layered defense concept combined with our detection and response capabilities allow us to minimize the potential risk of unauthorized access to our systems and information.

Our Vice President of Information Security reports regularly to the Board of Directors and senior management concerning our security practices.

Water is a precious and limited resource that cannot be wasted.

Costco is committed to improving water use e ciency and reducing operational water waste.

Costco is committed to protecting the human rights, safety and dignity of the people who contribute to the success of our business.

This includes supporting the welfare of the people who produce, process, harvest and transport the products we sell.

We aim to have a diverse workforce that is representative of the communities where we do business and to foster an inclusive environment.

We also aim to make a positive contribution to the well being of the communities where we do business.

Costco’s goal is to continually decrease the amount of waste going to land lls through reducing food waste at source, feeding hungry people and animals, supporting industrial programs (i.e., biofuel), composting and other recycling and donation programs.

Costco’s goal is to continually decrease the amount and impact of packaging waste through packaging elimination, reduction through redesign, and o ering packaging that is widely recyclable, compostable and or made from recycled content.

We will be implementing a series of standards, metrics, and goals to build a holistic Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy.

Meaningful climate action is a central pillar in that work.

Our plan prioritizes the mitigation of Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e emissions and water usage.

We will continually source sustainable seafood products from either wild sheries or farmed aquaculture in ways that help meet current demands without compromising the availability of scarce resources for future generations.

Our goal is to responsibly source wood, paper and ber based products in a way that is respectful to the forest ecosystem and the environment.

Certi cations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their communities are balanced with conservation of our forests for future generations.

Value is restated due to updated information on our usage.

It re ects an 9.8% increase versus the previously stated number.

Value is restated due to an expansion of scope to cover all farmed species.

Previous number included only Kirkland Signature salmon, tilapia, shrimp and pangasius.