Over the past year, the world has faced numerous economic, social and geopolitical changes, including uncertainties in globalization and free trade, lockdowns caused by the COVID 19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, global transportation bottlenecks, and in ationary pressures.

This has tested the resilience of the global supply chain and the adaptability of businesses.

As a responsible global corporate citizen, TSMC has accelerated the adoption of ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) initiatives in its operations and industrial value chain, and continues to inject positive energy into society.

Prospering with the natural environment is the cornerstone of TSMC's sustainable operations, and a green and low carbon supply chain is an important part of our 2050 net zero emissions blueprint.

As an industry leader, TSMC uses its green in uence to continuously work with suppliers to deepen overall low carbon management.

By providing suppliers with guidance on carbon inventory, energy conservation, and carbon reduction, we encourage them to adopt carbon capture equipment and reduce indirect carbon emissions in the value chain.

In 2022, TSMC was again selected by the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) as a Supplier Engagement Leader, and we continued to drive the industry towards low carbon sustainability.

In the same year, TSMC's Southern Taiwan Science Park Industrial Reclaimed Water Plant started operations, and our Zero Waste Manufacturing Center is expected to start operation in 2023.

At our Arizona fab, we also plan to build an industrial recycled water plant to gradually achieve near zero liquid discharge, advancing toward our goal of circular economy.

We continue to make every e ort to minimize environmental externalities through prudent decision making and coordinated global action on four major issues: climate and energy, water stewardship, circular resources, and air pollution control.

As the leading provider of semiconductor process technology and manufacturing services, TSMC uses the power of semiconductor innovation to make products stronger, smarter, safer, more energy e cient, and more advanced to enrich people's lives and empower society for the common good.

I am very proud of TSMC's employees across the company who work hard for this mission.

Guided by our Human Rights Policy, TSMC continues to create a working environment that respects human rights.

This means we provide a digni ed workplace that is diverse, equal, and inclusive (DEI) and promotes the integration of global talents, and we require our supply chain partners to follow the same standards.

At the same time, we continue to deepen our connection with the society and wholeheartedly support global STEM education.

Through the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and the TSMC Charity Foundation, we deepen community relations, care for the disadvantaged, and preserve national art and culture, laying a solid foundation for social progress with common values.

In 2022, we released the UN SDGs Action Report for the rst time to disclose the company's SDGs action plan and progress.

We also explained the company's management policy on major issues with our Materiality Analysis Report to enhance the transparency of sustainable information disclosure.

In order to make the Board of Directors more comprehensive and transparent and achieve better corporate governance, we also prepared for the establishment of the Board's Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, which was approved in February 2023, strengthening the e ectiveness of its sustainability governance.

The Board of Directors also decided to change the Audit Committee to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Compensation Committe to the Compensation and People Development Committee to expand and deepen its supervision and review responsibilities, making the corporate governance structure more robust.

We have a deep understanding of TSMC's key position in the global semiconductor industry and its in uence on many economies, and are keenly aware of our urgent responsibilities in sustainability that we shoulder as a corporate citizen.

As TSMC's global business expands, we will deepen our partnership with stakeholders including employees, public associations, communities, investors and shareholders, and our supply chain and customers, listen to the voices of all parties, and open a new chapter of sustainable development together.

Looking back on 2022, just as the COVID 19 pandemic showed signs of easing and people could see recovery on the horizon, geopolitical con ict threw the world into disarray amidst systemic risks from crises in energy, food, human rights, and environmental damage.

Fortunately, substantive progress was achieved at the 27th Conference of the Parties of the UNFCCC (COP 27) and the 15th UN Biodiversity Conference (COP 15), so that we were able to continue forwards into an inclusive and sustainable future.

Facing a volatile economic environment, TSMC focused on its core competitive advantages of Technology Leadership, Manufacturing Excellence, and Customer Trust.

Strong demand from 5G cellular network and high performance computing applications enabled our total wafer shipments in 2022 to reach 15.3 million 12 inch equivalent wafers, and realize 12,698 product innovations for customers.

We also delivered a 13th consecutive year of record revenue, driving sustainable development through pro table growth.

TSMC responded to the call to action at COP 27 by making carbon reduction initiatives our top priority.

During the course of 2022, we successfully implemented 823 energy e ciency, water conservation, and waste reduction innovation projects.

A target of Net Zero Emissions by 2050 was also set with annual progress reviews planned to dynamically adjust and set even more ambitious carbon reduction pathways.

We also drew up the Carbon Credits Quality Standards for Voluntary Emissions Reductions based on international guidelines and industry benchmarks to ensure that carbon credits are not obtained from sensitive regions.

Furthermore, we leveraged our industry leadership to invite suppliers to participate in the CDP Supply Chain Program.

The program complements suppliers' existing carbon reduction actions to help us mitigate the global climate crisis together.

In light of the close association between Climate Change and Biodiversity, we issued the Biodiversity Statement for the rst time in 2022 as a climate citizen of the new era.

The statement commits TSMC to achieving Zero Deforestation, No Net Loss of biodiversity, and Net Positive Impact.

Achieving Water Positivity was also set as a future strategy to enhance our climate resilience as part of a multi pronged approach.

In addition to our environmental commitments, TSMC also works tirelessly to build a diverse, equal, and inclusive working environment.

The rst survey into salient human rights issues was completed in 2022, with the establishment of a trans organizational human rights working group and due diligence scheduled for 2023.

The subsequent promotion of preventive, mitigation and remedial measures as well as related education and training will ensure human rights protection from a stakeholder perspective.

We also founded Women tsmc, an Employee Resource Group (ERG) primarily aimed at women, and a new dedicated ERG was set up for foreign employees to build employee cohesion and promote career development.

We also completed the rst safety culture investigation, and introduced free health check ups on contractor sites to build an inclusive workplace.

Upholding the spirit of Leaving No One Behind, TSMC actively works to achieve UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

In addition to continuously expanding the University Collaboration Programs, cultivating semiconductor talents, and helping to meet shortfalls in emergency assistance resources, we also worked to harness the power of employee volunteers for youth and rural empowerment, promotion of the arts, and assisting the disadvantaged through the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation.

Using the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) framework as a reference, we also evaluated the overall bene ts of invested resources and identi ed previously overlooked social needs, so that TSMC can become a force for positive change.

TSMC is the only semiconductor company in the world to be included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for 22 consecutive years.

With the publication of the annual TSMC Sustainability Report along with the Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) Report, TCFD Report, UN SDGs Action Report, and Materiality Analysis Report, we continue to adopt global trends in sustainability management, and transparently share TSMC's sustainability journey and accomplishments with stakeholders.

Looking ahead, TSMC will embrace the ESG vision of Uplift Society to bring about positive change.

In the face of global climate change and geopolitical tensions, TSMC is committed to innovation to improve the well being of human life.

Upholding the three competitive advantages of Technology Leadership, Manufacturing Excellence, and Customer Trust, TSMC continues to ful ll its mission as a trusted technology and capacity provider to the global logic IC industry.

In 2022, TSMC's consolidated income reached NT 2,263.89 billion, achieving a record high for the 13th consecutive year.

In addition to seeking the greatest achievements in its core business, TSMC adheres to its philosophy of responsible business, working together with employees, shareholders investors, customers, suppliers contractors, government industry associations, and society to strive for excellence in the three dimensions of economy, environment and society.

TSMC is determined to be a force that uplifts society and creates sustainable value.

Semiconductors power almost everything in daily life and have signi cantly changed the way people live and work in areas including communications, data processing, agriculture, transportation, healthcare, education, clean energy, and more.

Through its ve technology platforms High Performance Computing (HPC), Smartphone, Internet of Things (IoT), Automotive, and Digital Consumer Electronics, TSMC provides customers with comprehensive and competitive logic process technologies, specialty technologies, IPs, and packaging and testing technologies to help them accelerate their product innovation and move society forward with technology.

TSMC continues to advance semiconductor manufacturing technologies and services, enabling customers to unleash more than 12,600 chip innovations in 2022.

These innovations make products more advanced, capable, intelligent, energy e cient, and safer, greatly increasing the quality of life and helping to build a sustainable society based on the common good.

Supercomputers, with powerful computing capabilities, are vital to powering digital transformation and the digital economy in the era of 5G and AI.

They rapidly process and analyse vast amounts of data for a wide range of applications such as accurate weather forecasts and climate predictions, which helps protect us from the impact of increasingly severe storms, oods and snow.

It can overcome the limitations of time and distance to make work, communication, entertainment, and life more convenient, including video conferencing, online learning, banking, shopping, and travel booking, and telemedicine.

Continued advancement of agricultural drone technology is a key to sustainable agricultural development.

GPS tted drones with a variety of sensors can help farmers to make timely adjustments to eld management and improve farming e ciency and quality, as well as reduce waste.

The global automotive industry focuses on the four major innovation trends of connected, autonomous, shared, and electric (CASE).

Electric vehicles are powered by batteries and do not emit harmful exhaust gases on the road.

This, combined with continued progress in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), creates a safer and more environmentally friendly driving experience.

High performance portable ultrasound scanners are becoming a common diagnostic tool.

Unlike bulky traditional instruments, they are only the size of a mobile phone, and feature faster and sharper imaging capabilities, which can help medical professionals around the globe save time in diagnosis and treatment, and improve overall health care e ciency.

With uplifting society as our vision, the TSMC ESG Policy serves as the foremost guiding principle for our sustainable development.

The ESG Matrix set by TSMC's Founder, Dr. Morris Chang clearly de nes TSMC's ESG scope.

Through its ESG Implementation Framework, TSMC e ectively carries out sustainability governance in its core business of dedicated IC foundry services.

TSMC actively develops positive relationships with all stakeholders including employees, shareholders investors, customers, suppliers contractors, and society to create value through common good.

In accordance with the vision and mission of the TSMC ESG Policy, TSMC's ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee serve as management platforms to align with global trends in sustainable development and corporate growth.

TSMC takes tangible actions to realize the sustainability mindset and continue to create value for stakeholders.

The board of directors supervises the overall sustainability strategy of TSMC.

Chairman Mark Liu serves as the Chairperson of the ESG Steering Committee and Senior Vice President Lora Ho serves as the executive secretary of the ESG Committee.

Together with senior executives from various elds, Chairman Liu and Senior Vice President Ho review ESG topics relevant to TSMC's operations, and set the mid to long term development strategies and goals of the Five TSMC ESG Directions, and align the Company's core competencies with the UN SDGs to develop a blueprint for ESG.

The chair of the ESG Committee reports to the board of directors each quarter on ESG achievements and future plans, receiving feedback and suggestions from the board of directors.

In face of the highly complex production models of globalized manufacturing, TSMC has been able to consistently inject innovations into intelligent manufacturing, enhance operational e ciency, and provide high quality sustainable products to achieve ecological e ciency through intelligent manufacturing.

Semiconductors are at the core of modern technological innovation and continue to drive advancement in our lives.

We are committed to building meaningful partnerships with our customers around the world and developing a sustainable technology roadmap.

Together, we provide eco friendly products that are more powerful and more energy e cient.

TSMC endeavors to collaborate with our ecosystem partners on the Open Innovation Platform to deliver state of the art design solutions.

Furthermore, the new 3DFabric Alliance will strive to develop 3D silicon stacking and advanced packaging to facilitate the continuous innovation of global technology.

TSMC upholds commitments to environmental sustainability and continues to lead green innovation.

We strive to strengthen operational e ciency through digital transformation, build green production lines, and carry out low carbon transformation.

Note: Listed in order of the chapters in this report that senior executives are responsible for.

The ESG Committee carries out resolutions from the ESG Steering Committee, integrates and connects interdepartmental resources, and instructs the ESG Department, the responsible organization, and inter organizational management representatives to identify sustainability topics relevant to TSMC's operations of concern to stakeholders.

The ESG Committee assembles task forces to formulate strategies, targets, and action plans, and convenes quarterly meetings to track the progress and performance of sustainability topics.

In 2022, the ESG Committee oversaw the development of 72 sustainability projects and continued to host the ESG AWARD to cultivate a company wide ESG culture and ensure that ESG strategies are fully implemented into TSMC's daily operations.

Technology leadership is one of the key cornerstones enabling TSMC's continuous growth.

We are committed to fostering an open and innovative, as well as diverse and inclusive environment and realizing digital transformation in the R D organization to unleash employees' full potential and achieve the goal of corporate sustainability.

We uphold our vision of sustainability by joining hands with customers and suppliers for progress.

TSMC works closely with customers and suppliers on quality and service to pursue perfection and pave the way for industry progress.

In an era of rapid change, TSMC continues to innovate while upholding the core value of Customer Trust, providing advanced technologies and productivity to strengthen cooperation with customers, help customers nd success, and create win win outcomes.

TSMC continues to uncover ESG opportunities in our operations.

We also work with suppliers, collaborating closely on company operations to exert positive in uence and create a green low carbon supply chain.

Note: Listed in order of the chapters in this report that senior executives are responsible for.

TSMC continues to research and develop advanced processes and spotlight environmental sustainability.

We introduce innovative energy e cient components at the process R D stage to deepen low carbon manufacturing capabilities, enhance energy e ciency in new fabs, and work towards sustainable development.

TSMC believes in environmental sustainability and stays true to our commitment to society.

We consistently apply innovative thinking to increase energy use e ciency and work with suppliers to promote green manufacturing, expanding the use of renewable energies to strive for net zero emissions.

Climate adaptability is inextricably tied to global competitiveness.

The Facility Organization has been dedicated to sustainable environmental development by advancing low carbon manufacturing technologies and building critical capabilities for circular resources.

TSMC continues to build a diverse, inclusive, dynamic, and fun workplace to strengthen talent development and employee communication, fostering a humanistic management culture with the support of digital transformation to drive the globalization of the Company.

Despite the challenges of the COVID 19 epidemic in 2022, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation relentlessly promoted various projects, continued to introduce corporate resources to the homeland, enabled education to take root, promoted arts and culture, and endeavored to build a sustainable society of goodness.

TSMC demonstrates our commitment to ESG in many areas.

The TSMC Charity Foundation is committed to identifying what society really needs by being on the frontlines.

We share experiences and practices to work with more companies and increase the scope of our in uence.

TSMC's core value is integrity, committing us to reach the highest standards of corporate governance, conduct business with accountability and transparency, and appropriately balance the interests of all our stakeholders.

Robust corporate governance is the cornerstone that enables us to deliver outstanding nancial performances, actively respond to stakeholder needs and expectations, and increase our company's investment value to generate long term and sustainable returns for investors.

Note: Listed in order of the chapters in this report that senior executives are responsible for.

Mitigated climate impacts and increased the use of renewable energies the Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee proposed 684 energy conservation programs and conserved 700GWh in energy.

Gradually fostered a diverse and inclusive corporate culture through the Diversity and Inclusion Committee to unleash the potential of diverse talent completed a safety culture survey to strive to create the healthiest workplace.

Materiality analysis is an important guideline for TSMC for formulating the Sustainability Report, long term sustainability goals and stakeholder engagement.

In 2021, TSMC published its rst materiality methodology guideline to establish a knowledge base for ESG management.

According to the requirements of GRI Universal Standards 2021, materiality analysis methodology incorporates sustainable development related impact on the economy, environment, and people (human rights).

Please refer to the TSMC 2021 22 Materiality Analysis Report for further details.

In response to the latest GRI 3: Material Topics 2021, the World Economic Forum (WEF) suggested that materiality analysis must consider the concepts of Dynamic Process and Double Materiality advocated by the European Union.

TSMC has established TSMC Dynamic and Double Materiality (TDDM) as the fundamental analysis process to continuously track changes in stakeholders' level of concern regarding ESG issues.

The Company also formulated a materiality analysis methodology based on dimensions such as organizational operations and sustainable development related impact.

By consolidating the outcome of the materiality analysis in 2021 as well as the sustainability impact assessment and the results of the Validated Assessment Program (VAP) of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) in 2022, TSMC has re identi ed impactful material issues from the three dimensions of Stakeholder Concerns, Organizational Operating Impact and Sustainable Development Impact.

At the same time, the Company also adjusted the frequency of materiality analysis to conduct comprehensive biennial surveys to observe changing trends in ESG issues and track the progress of long term goals.

The next materiality analysis is scheduled in 2023.

In the meantime, TSMC will continue to collect and respond to feedback and suggestions from stakeholders via diverse communication channels and the Company's ESG Committee will continue to carry out ESG strategies and commitments.

Note: Among 23 ESG issues, Corporate governance, nancial performance, risk management, business continuity, ethics, information security, taxation, and regulatory compliance are classi ed under General Disclosures by GRI and are generally result oriented.

Wafer quality control grows increasingly di cult as products become more complex.

TSMC collects customers' technology requests through irregular and regular review meetings.

In 2022, there are 944 wafer technologies and 129 advanced packaging technologies available to customers.

Advanced processes involve increasingly complex technologies, higher production costs, and more complicated supply chains.

TSMC protects R D results with patents to ensure we remain technological leaders in the industry and to protect the operational freedom of TSMC and our customers across the world.

Communication meetings for various levels of managers and employees e.g.

Employee suggestion channels, such as the Fab Caring Circle, Employee Opinion Box, Wellness Center, wellness website, employee PIP IT Security mailbox and hot line, etc.

My children learn about the profoundness of science in the Company's holiday STEAM camp, and they cherish the models made in the course.

This camp has made our family's life and work more manageable during the winter and summer vacations.

Leveraged TSMC ESG AWARD as a platform to promote sustainable thinking and action, and the event was expanded to overseas subsidiaries.

TSMC Child Care Bene t Program supported employees' work life balance.

Latest regulatory updates and compliance guideline, i.e., zero tolerance of corruptions, avoiding con ict of interest, etc.

In 2022, TSMC achieved net zero emissions of Scope 1 and Scope 2 in overseas factories, and 100% use of carbon neutral natural gas in Taiwan fabs.

From governance and employee engagement to climate change strategy, TSMC has always exceeded our expectations in terms of promptness, level of disclosure and receptiveness to suggestions.

Overall we feel very satis ed with the discussions we have had over the years with TSMC.

They are someone we can count on to keep a commitment once the commitment is made.

Continued perfecting production technologies and product quality.

Continued to enhance ESH and loss prevention capabilities in the supply chain and commended outstanding suppliers.

In the face of drastic changes in the global climate and limited resources, we uphold the values of innovation, responsibility, commitment, and customer partnership and work together with TSMC to develop green hydrofluoric acid for sustainable circular resources and sustainable development.

Sustainable development is the foundation of our work, the core mission of improving productivity, and the key to creating value for TSMC and society.

Jhong Ming Bao General Manager United Industrial Gases Co., Ltd.

In addition to Supplier Environment, Safety and Health Forum, practical operation of re protection equipment, observation of emergency response drills, on site diagnosis and guidance of energy saving and carbon reduction, Environmental Safety and Health, Fire Response, Fire Protection Self training, Greenhouse Gas Inventory, Product Carbon Footprint Inventory Workshops, etc.

In addition to actively reducing carbon emissions, TSMC also exerts its influence and drives the value chain to work hard to mitigate climate change.

In 2022, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation invested NT 100.2 million to expand supports for diverse education and the promotion of art and culture with three major axes: Young Generation Cultivation, Educational Collaboration, Arts and Culture Promotion.

The seventh TSMC Udreamer Project themed Young and Sustainable Island encouraged young people to care about sustainability and put it into action.

A total of 161 groups of students participated with an increase of 32% compared to 2021.

The Foundation also held TSMC Journeys of Female Scientists Lectures to encourage high school girls to explore STEM.

In 2022, TSMC Charity Foundation continued to committed itself to championing social causes of Care for the Elderly, Promote Filial Piety, and Protect the Environment, and renamed the focus Care for the Disadvantaged as Empower the Rural Community to strengthen their education and employment.

In addition, the Foundation linked industry, government and academia resources to provide stable life and operational support for disadvantaged groups and institutions.

It repaired 285 houses for Hualien and Taitung earthquake stricken residents, and cared for 62 vulnerable households of seniors living alone.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation inspires everyone's ideals, enthusiasm and curiosity about science, so that everyone can find a stage.

Thanks to TSMC Charity Foundation for co organizing Technical and Vocational Talent Development Forum, and initiate the job matching program for vocational high school students.

This endeavor garnered industry resources to initiate new thinking on talent development.

The long term value of a company hinges on positive impacts generated and negative impacts mitigated for stakeholders, which includes driving output value from the semiconductor industry chain, helping customers leverage the competitive edge of products, protecting natural ecosystems and biodiversity, creating direct and indirect job opportunities, and preventing health or safety hazards.

The Triple Bottom Line (TBL) is a sustainable impact management framework developed by TSMC.

Company's six major capitals, four core elements, six sustainable management competencies, and an Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) valuation model.

It aims to, from an Outside In perspective, measure changes and contributions to the well being of humans from the Company's overall value chain and facilitate communication with stakeholders in the hopes of driving economic growth, reducing resource depletion, and further bettering the well being of society as a whole.

Foster an organizational culture that doesn't make commitments casually, but is fully devoted to the commitment when it does.

TSMC has established a Sustainability Impact Strategy Map derived from causal relationships by converting all positive impacts (values) and negative impact (costs) into monetary values, beginning from the direct and indirect impacts of upstream procurement, TSMC operations, and customer use.

Note 1: Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) presented in this section is the monetary assessment of possible external impacts from TSMC's purchasing and production.

For the costs and economic bene ts arising from the implementation of environmental protection projects, please refer to Environmental Cost in TSMC's 2022 annual report.

For the EP L methodology, please refer to the TSMC 2022 Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) Report Note 2: EP L of the supply chain includes only Tier 1 suppliers which had more than three transactions with TSMC per year and with amounts exceeding NT 10 million.

Technology International Strategy Center, ITRI in 2020.

In the upstream procurement stage, TSMC leverages its leadership position in the global semiconductor industry to improve the technology and capability of local suppliers.

TSMC employs an input output model to assess output value, job opportunities, and income created from TSMC's procurement demands as well as the resulting economic growth and improvements in living conditions.

To address supply chain sustainability issues, TSMC is actively promoting a responsible supply chain, using environmentally extended input output (EEIO) analysis to identify environmental hot spots in the supply chain, and evaluating raw material suppliers with Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) to identify the environmental impact from production and service processes.

TSMC aims to collaborate with suppliers to uncover opportunities for change and growth to help drive sustainable transformation.

In 2022, TSMC created an output value of NT 2,070.8 billion in the supply chain through procurement, generated 309,000 job opportunities and NT 238.52 billion in payroll through the supply chain.

Contractors' occupational injuries resulted in NT 1.72 million in social costs.

The environmental footprints and resource consumption generated from raw material supply resulted in an environmental cost of NT 16.5 billion environmental cost.

Through consultation and goal setting, TSMC will cooperate with suppliers to uncover the opportunities for process optimization and environment footprint minimization.

For details, please refer to the TSMC 2022 Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) Report.

In the operation stage, TSMC uses a Gross Value Added (GVA) approach to assess the positive impact generated for stakeholders by operations.

Such positive impact may include equal employment opportunities, competitive compensation and bene ts, cash dividends, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and others.

TSMC also applies Willingness to Pay (WTP) and Value Transfer to evaluate the social cost and bene ts of occupational injury and volunteer activities.

Meanwhile, the Company continues to employ environmental pro t and loss (EP L) to measure the negative impacts generated from energy resource consumption and pollution from the production process.

In 2022, TSMC generated NT 2,263.9 billion in operating revenue, booked NT 437.3 billion in depreciation and amortization, and issued NT 285.2 billion in cash dividends.

TSMC not only helped customers succeed, but also o ered good returns to its investors.

In the social dimension, TSMC paid NT 340.9 billion in taxes and payroll, supported the government in expanding infrastructure and social welfare, improved quality of life, and drove economic growth.

Volunteer services from TSMC also created NT 52.86 million in social bene ts, while occupational injuries resulted in NT 9.3 million in social costs.

In the environmental dimension, environmental footprints and resource consumption generated from production process or when delivering services resulted in an environmental cost of NT 17.89 billion.

TSMC proactively drives green manufacturing by working on creating positive impact through source reduction, energy conservation in manufacturing process, circular economy, and terminal control.

For details, please refer to the TSMC 2022 Environmental Pro t and Loss (EP L) Report.

In the customer use stage, TSMC continues to develop world leading energy e cient semiconductor technologies to help customers produce advanced, energy e cient products and facilitate the evolution of energy saving ICT technologies and product applications to ful ll the commitment to green manufacturing from the inside out.

The Industry, Science and Technology International Strategy Center (ISTI) conducted a model analysis based on global energy consumption, GDP, and the number of electronic products, and found that the products TSMC produces for customers will conserve 217,100 GWh in 2030, representing four times the energy consumed during production and a positive impact of NT 174.2 billion generated.

TSMC e ectively facilitates global energy conservation by continuing to innovate semiconductor technologies to realize smart applications for a wide range of electronic products.

TSMC deployed 288 distinct process technologies, and manufactured 12,698 products for 532 customers in 2022 to continue to bring signi cant contributions to the advancement of modern society.

For details, please refer to Innovation Management in this Report.

TSMC is dedicated to reducing environmental and social impacts and introduced EP L in 2018 to evaluate environmental externalities and resulting social costs created from the production process.

In 2019, TSMC further applied EP L to the upstream supply chain, converting the environmental impact generated from product life cycles into external social costs, identifying signi cant environmental impact factors to formulate improvement measures and reduce the environmental externalities and social costs generated from TSMC procurement.

In terms of TSMC operations, in 2022, environmental externalities were mainly derived from GHG emissions ( 96.5%), followed by air pollution (1.2%) and waste (1%).

To reduce GHG emissions, TSMC continues to promote low carbon manufacturing, increase energy e ciency, and expand use of renewable energy.

In 2022, overseas production locations achieved net zero emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 for the rst time.

To mitigate air pollution, TSMC adopts Best Available Technologies (CAT) to reduce emissions of two major pollutants acid alkali gases and volatile organic gases and further develops new technologies to reduce PM2.5 and nitrous oxide emissions.

To prevent and control water pollution, TSMC continues to focus on introducing new treatment technologies to lower chemical oxygen demand (COD) in wastewater and reduce the water pollution composite indicator.

In terms of the supply chain, environmental hot spot analysis of the supply chain reveals the most signi cant externalities as particle pollutants' impact on human health, followed by the social cost of carbon from GHG emissions.

To reduce impacts from air pollution emitted by the supply chain, TSMC helps suppliers mitigate pollutant emissions from the source through environmental protection audit programs.

For example, TSMC helps suppliers convert oil burners to natural gas burners, e ectively reducing PM2.5 and GHG emissions, and this successful case study was shared with other suppliers at the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Forum.

In addition, TSMC found that chemical materials account for 43.2% of environmental externalities produced by the supply chain, as such, the Company conducted audits on critical raw material suppliers.

As of 2022, TSMC has audited 95 raw materials and discovered that OSAT and Substrate the largest number of environmental externalities out of all raw materials.

TSMC continues to roll out a variety of green and innovative practices to reduce environmental impacts from production processes at TSMC facilities.

TSMC is also asking suppliers to establish management systems as well as energy saving, water conservation, GHG emissions, and waste reduction goals.

The company hopes to work with suppliers to create a green, low carbon supply chain, reduce environmental impacts from operating activities, and create positive in uence on society together.

For more details, please refer to TSMC 2022 Environmental Pro t Loss (EP L) Report.

In 2022, TSMC leveraged EP L analysis to compare chemical and gas suppliers against peers producing the same products and using the same raw materials to conduct variance analysis.

TSMC discovered that suppliers with ISO 50001 Energy Management System certi cates have signi cantly better energy use e ciency than those without.

Given such ndings, TSMC has formulated three major initiatives to help the supply chain conserve energy and reduce carbon emissions.

TSMC hopes to help suppliers evaluate environmental risks and opportunities, reducing resource consumption through a series of initiatives targeting energy conservation and carbon reduction.

This can further strengthen the supply chain's green performance and resilience, striving towards a low carbon economy.

Help critical suppliers introduce energy conservation and low carbon concepts when designing new facilities.

To support the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) and trends in corporate disclosure, TSMC has complied with Integrating the Sustainable Development Goals into Corporate Reporting: A Practical Guide jointly published by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and The United Nations Global Compact to identify SDGs relevant to the Company, and has published CSR Reports since 2017.

In 2022, TSMC further adopted ve disclosure categories Plans, Commitments, Actions, Progress, and Suppliers de ned by GRI and Support the Goals to disclose TSMC's practices and progress toward SDGs.

The Company also decided to expand the single stakeholder from supplier to also cover employees, shareholders investors, customers, contractors, governments industry associations, and the society to connect more resources and extend the scope of in uence.

Achievements in related actions have been published in TSMC's rst UN SDGs Action Report.

In 2023, TSMC will issue the second UN SDGs Action Report to demonstrate our support for The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

Under the leadership of ESG Steering Committee Chairman Mark Liu, TSMC continued to spotlight nine SDGs: SDG 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing), SDG 4 (Quality Education), SDG 6 (Clean Water and Sanitation), SDG 7 (A ordable and Clean Energy), SDG 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), SDG 9 (Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure), SDG 12 (Responsible Consumption and Production), SDG 13 (Climate Action), and SDG 17 (Partnership for the Goals).

TSMC has initiated 23 ESG actions and set 52 measurable long term goals for 2030 to e ect change through tangible actions.

TSMC identi es the link between SDGs, the ve sustainability roles, and value chain stages through the following three steps: Understand Prioritize SDGs, Goals Integration, and Disclosure and Communication.

Long term goals and action plans are then formulated accordingly.

A Responsible Purchaser TSMC is committed to responsible purchasing and works closely with supply chain partners on technology, quality, delivery, human rights, and environmental protection.

A Practitioner of Green Power TSMC aspires to be a world leading benchmark organization in environmental protection and actively integrates green management into daily operations.

An Admired Employer TSMC values its commitment to employees and works to foster a humanistic workplace culture with open communications.

The Company is dedicated to promoting a diverse, inclusive, safe, and fun workplace where employees can continue to learn.

Power to Change Society Committed to uplifting society, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation spotlight the changing social landscape and its needs.

As the world's largest dedicated IC foundry, TSMC works with customers to accelerate and unleash innovation through its pioneering business model and robust R D capabilities to drive in nite possibilities in technological progress and sustainable developments through the ubiquitous semiconductor.

Note 1: Since 2013, TSMC has consistently set new revenue and R D expense records every year.

The decline in R D expenses to revenue percentage in recent years can largely be attributed to revenue growth outpacing growth in R D expenses.

In 2022, R D expenses amounted to US 5,472 million, 3.4 times more than ten years ago.

TSMC continues to drive innovation and improve people's lives and societies with technology.

Innovation remains, to this day, a proud corporate value and integral cornerstone for technology leadership.

Within the Company, TSMC encourages employees to innovate by launching innovation sharing platforms, contests, and other incentives for di erent organizations.

Outside of the Company, TSMC explores product innovation with customers, fosters new talent with schools and research institutes, and advocates for a green supply chain with upstream and downstream suppliers.

TSMC remains consistently devoted to innovation both internally and externally.

In 2022, TSMC continued to increase R D investments, with annual R D expenses accounted for 7.2% of total revenue, a 22.5% growth from last year.

The Company has expanded R D organization which now has 8,558 employees, a 9.6% growth from last year.

TSMC's R D investments paralleled those of world leading tech companies.

To address the challenge with Moore's Law, TSMC's R D organization provides customers with advanced technologies and design solutions to help them achieve product success.

In 2022, N3E, the enhanced 3nm process technology, entered risk production.

In the same year, TSMC also pioneered 2nm technology development by successfully entering the stage of baseline setup and yield learning.

TSMC will continue to conduct exploratory research into technology innovation beyond 2nm.

In addition to CMOS logic technology, TSMC is also developing a wide range of semiconductor technologies to meet customer demands on SoCs for mobile and other applications.

The existing scope of application includes integrated interconnect and packaging solution, microcontrollers, virtual reality, edge computing, etc.

In 2022, TSMC continued to work closely with world class research institutes and world leading universities such as the Semiconductor Research Corporation (U.S.), Interuniversity Microelectronics Centre (Belgium), etc., to develop semiconductor materials and design transistor structures.

We aim to uphold Moore's Law and cultivate talent to usher in a new angstrom era for the semiconductor industry.

Semiconductors have been playing a vital role in the development of human economic civilization, lifestyle and social evolution with greater computing power and better energy e ciency through innovations and breakthroughs.

As the trusted dedicated semiconductor foundry service provider, TSMC continues to deliver the industry leading, next generation semiconductor technologies, with higher chip density and lower power consumption.

The Company also o ers comprehensive specialty technologies and leading 3D chip stacking and packaging services to help customers unleash di erent types of innovation and deliver more advanced, more capable, more energy e cient, and more a ordable electronic products.

One noteworthy example is our collaboration with AMD on building its leadership high performance and adaptive computing products to help address the fast growing compute demand from increasing adoption of cloud computing services, digital transformation, transition to exascale supercomputing, and the growing deployment of AI and high speed 5G networks.

In 2022, combining AMD design innovation and TSMC's industry leading 5nm technology process, AMD brought its 4th Gen EPYC processors to market.

With up to 96 cores in a single processor, the 4th Gen EPYC processors power the most energy e cient x86 servers.

They o er leadership performance, energy e ciency and next generation architecture, to accelerate data center modernization for high application throughput and more actionable insights.

The 4th Gen EPYC processors can also help companies advance sustainability goals by deploying e cient, powerful servers to meet workload demands and help reduce power, energy costs, and server footprint.

Laboratory (ORNL) in the US, powered by AMD optimized 3rd Gen EPYC processors and AMD Instinct MI250X accelerators using TSMC's 7nm process technology, topped the list with 1.1 exa ops for the second consecutive time.

Frontier is the world's rst supercomputer that breaks the exascale barrier, and it is more than twice as powerful as the next system on the list and more powerful than the next four systems combined.

On the energy e ciency front, the Frontier Test Development System at ORNL, also powered by AMD optimized 3rd Gen EPYC processors and Instinct MI250X accelerators using TSMC's 7nm process technology, achieved an e ciency score of 62.68 GFlops Watts, which was at the top of the June 2022 Green500 list and at the No.

Innovation in HPC category in the annual HPCwire Readers' and Editors' Choice Awards.

In total, TSMC deployed 288 distinct process technologies, and manufactured 12,698 products for 532 customers in 2022, making continuous contribution to the advancement of modern society.

TSMC is the world's rst dedicated semiconductor foundry, and this innovative business model has changed the landscape of the global semiconductor industry and enabled the global fabless IC companies to ourish.

Today's heavyweight technology companies, including Broadcom, Marvell, and NVIDIA, have been collaborating with TSMC since their early days to continue to unleash innovation around the worldwide.

In 2000, TSMC formed a dedicated Emerging Accounts team to support startup companies to accelerate their product innovation.

To date, TSMC has worked with more than 1,500 startup companies to advance applications in communication, computing, healthcare, transportation, clean energy and many other new applications.

Currently, over 85% of startup companies in the semiconductor industry are engaging with TSMC to develop their prototype products.

TSMC strives to be a long term important partner that customers can trust and rely on for their success.

Driven by the passion to enable startup customers' success, TSMC hosted a dedicated Innovation Zone for the rst time at the 2021 TSMC Online Technology Symposium.

In the Innovation Zone of the 2022 in person online Technology Symposium, a total of 37 startup customers showcased a wide range of disruptive innovations that aim to make people's lives better and more sustainable, including cashier less retail, high performance computing interconnect, cloud and edge AI, power electronics, augmented reality, satellite mobile communication, battery free devices, in vehicle networks, software de ned touch sensing, 5G private networks, and more.

Through the interactive demonstration of products, startup customers vividly showcased the splendid future of next generation semiconductor innovations.

Turning the spotlight to Kinara, which was awarded the rst Innovation Zone Demo of the Year Award elected by Symposium attendees, showcased a cashier less retail solution enabled by its edge AI platform.

The platform uses a camera and AI system to identify consumers' actions and their purchases in real time with better energy e ciency.

The cashier less retail solution not only brings a convenient shopping experience to consumers but also creates meaningful work for retail cashiers, transforming them into sales consultants who provide value added advice or retail system administrators.

This inspiring story exempli es how technology drives amazing changes.

IP based development strategies are increasingly important under trends of globalized economic and trade competition.

To ful ll TSMC's vision of sustainable operations, the Company seeks to strengthen its three competitive advantages Technology Leadership, Manufacturing Excellence, and Customer Trust by protecting technological innovations and proprietary information through two approaches: patents and trade secrets.

For technology leadership, TSMC's IP and R D teams work closely throughout each step from the beginning of technology planning to risk production and volume production.

Such teamwork enables TSMC to build an IP portfolio for each generation's critical innovative technology ahead of schedule, including the latest 3nm and 2nm process technologies, to ensure the Company's technology leadership in the semiconductor industry.

In manufacturing excellence, TSMC uses rigorous protection measures to secure critical information such as capacity planning, manufacturing process management, and information related to intelligent operations in the form of trade secrets, while also actively applying for patents for manufacturing technology with strategic value to secure the Company's competitive advantage obtained through manufacturing excellence and quality assurance.

In maintaining customer trust, TSMC protects con dential information concerning the Company and its customers while maintaining strategic leadership in the global patent ranking.

These e orts translate into business success, ensuring the freedom of TSMC's operations around the world and strengthening partnerships with customers.

In 1999, the Company entered the Growth Era and led 1,000 patent applications in 2011.

Starting in 2012, the IP team began setting patent application goals based on annual R D investments, bringing TSMC into the Exponential Growth Era.

As of 2022, TSMC has led over 85,000 global patent applications and consistently reached record highs again and again.

Exploratory R D Patent Applications technology as an example, TSMC introduced 16nm FinFET process technologies in 2013 and became the rst to fabricate both 7nm and 5nm FinFET products.

In the early stages of FinFET development, TSMC had already led patent applications.

Over the course of 20 years, TSMC has accumulated over 14,000 FinFET patents as it systematically built up patent protection coverage to ensure technology leadership.

The history of TSMC's robust patent portfolio can be divided into three eras.

In 1987, the Company applied for its rst patent and has since increased patent applications every year.

TSMC's patent performance stems from its robust patent management institutions and patent management systems.

The Company maps out short , mid , and long term patent blueprints using innovative patent strategies and diverse risk control monitors and evaluates competitive information by patent map navigation hosts advanced invention workshops to uncover innovations in core technologies expands the patent family by targeting key technological indicators and manages patent prosecutions by invention tiers.

Through managing the quality of patent applications and expanding patent protection coverage, TSMC has been able to consistently construct a global strategic patent portfolio with equal attention to quality and quantity.

In 2022, TSMC was the only Taiwanese company ranked in the top 100 for U.S. patent applications and grants.

The patent team has also designed a range of incentive systems including awards for patent invention submission and a big annual IP award ceremony.

The Proli c Inventor Award recognizes employees that have received over 100 U.S. patents during their employment at TSMC.

As of 2022, there have been 141 Proli c Inventor Award recipients, one of whom holds over 1,000 U.S. patents.

A total of 360 patents have been issued from 384 employee inventors that received the New Inventor Award in 2022.

In 2022, the patent team also launched a series of patent campaigns, including the Annual Patent Competition, which received 1,663 invention submissions 16 on site education and training sessions to help employees ideate valuable patents and the Online Patent Quiz, which saw the participation of around 2,000 employees.

TSMC's patent performance has been recognized by many international IP institutes.

System (TIPS) certi cation (AAA), and ranked in the Clarivate Global Top 100 Innovators and LexisNexis Global Top 100 Innovation Momentum for two consecutive years by index of patent portfolio size and citation strength.

In addition, TSMC continues promoting technology and IP upgrades in the industry by communicating with various IP authorities and legal courts, collaborating with academic institutes to develop technology and IP indicators, and spearheading IP strategy alliances for the industry's supply chain.

TSMC also helps formulate and amend IP laws and provide suggestions on industry policies to help create a robust patent protection landscape.

Driven by its four visions Advantage, Innovative Culture, and Sustainable Operation, to drive comprehensive trade secret management: Trade Secret Registration (TSR) System, Golden Trade Secret Award, and Green Trade Secrets.

With registration and incentive systems, TSMC aims to execute IP strategies and strengthen competitive advantages by instilling vigor into the Company's innovative culture and ful ll the mission of sustainable corporate governance.

In pursuit of excellence, TSMC actively uses intelligent automation and AI technologies to optimize the TSR system.

On top of introducing an AI chatbot to raise employee awareness of trade secret management, TSMC also developed numerous capabilities for the TSR system, such as an innovation talent pool, systematic technology clusters, and technical keyword analysis.

Not only has TSMC acquired the capability to identify real time insights into the development trends of leading technologies, the Company has also integrated the HR system and contract management system to consolidate employees' innovation prowess and contributions to strengthen TSMC's evolving competitiveness, maximizing the impact of registered trade secret contents on sustainable technology innovation.

In 2022, more than 40,000 trade secrets were registered at TSMC, far exceeding the annual target, bolstering company operations and IP innovation.

In addition to improving trade secret protection and management internally, TSMC is also expanding externally to extend positive spillovers for the industry.

Based on the Supply Chain Trade Secret Management Sharing public service project, TSMC established the Trade Secret Registration System Alumni Association in 2022 to share the Company's experience and help the supply chain develop robust trade secret management capabilities without disclosing any proprietary information.

In 2022, TSMC successfully aided 12 companies in developing and implementing their own trade secret registration systems and shared TSMC's TSR system with 17 companies, exceeding the annual target as material contributions are continuously made to trade secret protection and management.

Integrated with Human Resources System TSMC's trade secret registration system is integrated with the Company's human resources system and automatically updates employees' registration information in their personnel le.

This serves to highlight employees' contributions to TSMC's technological innovations and is an important indicator for supervisors to consider for performance evaluation and promotion.

Intelligent Reminder Function The trade secret system automatically compares employees' trade secret registration records and reminds them to complete the registration process in a timely manner.

Keyword Analysis Analyze technology keywords from previous trade secret registration data to compile and uncover technology development trends.

Technology Cluster Systematically categorize and annotate registered cases with technology family relation to identify technology clusters.

Real Time Data Visualization Analysis The use of advanced information analysis software in TSMC's system to visualize trade secret registration data provides employees with real time updates and precise data on the quantity of registrations, allowing them to understand their registration status and adjust their registration strategies more e ciently and e ectively.

Innovation Talent Pool Analyze Golden Trade Secret award winners' backgrounds to generate an innovation talent pool for TSMC's talent development planning and strategic management.

Connected to Contract Management System TSMC's trade secret registration system is connected to its contract management system, reminding employees involved in technology development and transfer to register the relevant trade secrets in a timely fashion.

AI Chatbot Support TSMC's trade secret AI chatbot works 24 7 to provide instant replies to support employee trade secret registration and protection queries, thereby enhancing employee trade secret competency.

TSMC utilizes the TSR system to maintain comprehensive records of important inventions for its employees and targets technical innovations of interest with tailored projects.

For example, TSMC launched the 100% TSR Coverage in Advance Process Volume Production Fabs Project to encourage engineers with more than one year of experience in 3nm, 5nm, and 7nm processes to come up with innovations.

The project's goal of achieving a 100% registration rate was reached in 2021.

In 2022, TSMC launched the Manufacturing Excellence TSR Project to focus on developing technical trade secrets for two competitive advantages: Technology Leadership and Manufacturing Excellence.

As of 2022, over 31,528 employees have participated in registering a cumulative total of 241,740 technical or commercial trade secrets.

In addition, Golden Trade Secret Awards are presented every year to trade secrets with strong impacts on competitive advantages to recognize employee contributions and drive innovation.

As of 2022, 2,279 Golden Trade Secret Awards have been given to 5,946 recipients.

The TSR system grants exposure to and records engineers' innovative ideas while maintaining the Company's competitiveness.

In terms of green trade secrets, TSMC launched the Green Trade Secret Award and Green Trade Secret Registration Section to establish a robust foundation for environmental protection trade secrets and strategies and to recognize seven major contributions, encouraging employees to develop more trade secrets advancing environmental protection technologies related to Climate and Energy, Water Stewardship, Circular Resources, and Air Pollution Control.

In 2022, 579 innovations were recorded, and the registrants were employees from not only facility organizations responsible for energy and water conservation, but also from R D, manufacturing, testing, quality control, etc., indicating that a green innovative culture is now deeply rooted in TSMC's daily operations.

To extend the reach of green in uence, TSMC further established the Incentive Guidelines to Encourage Green Trade Secret Registration and Sharing as a Public Service to encourage employees to publicly share their experience on energy conservation, carbon emissions reduction, energy management, environmental conservation, and more.

Employees may rst register undisclosed, sustainability related innovations as green trade secrets before seeking approval from the system for public disclosure, which also quali es the innovations to become candidates for recognition as distinguished charitable cases by the Company.

Without compromising proprietary information protection policies (PIP), TSMC hopes to proliferate a green manufacturing culture and actual practices and work with the industry to promote environmental sustainability.

TSMC's Strategic Supply Chain Partners Trade Secret Management Sharing public service project strengthens trade secret management (TSM) in the supply chain and provides easy to understand trade secret registration (TSR) principles and practices to suppliers.

In June 2022, TSMC founded the Trade Secret Registration System Alumni Association to share the Company's TSR execution experience, standard registration templates, and reference evaluation metrics to help suppliers quickly pick up TSR.

Members of the association also discussed challenges in TSR execution and exchanged respective solutions, which further inspired new TSR and TSM services.

In 2022, TSMC successfully assisted Solar Applied Materials Tech, eChem Solutions Corp., and ten other companies in establishing and implementing their own TSR systems.

In 2023, TSMC plans to do the same for ve more companies.

TSMC envisions itself as the advocate for TSR and intelligent management, consistently instilling the drive to innovate and elevating the industry's competitiveness.

Volume production of advanced processes and precision manufacturing are at the core of intelligent manufacturing at TSMC and the drivers of manufacturing excellence.

To keep up with the complex manufacturing model of globalized production and ensure consistent manufacturing e ciency and product quality across fabs, TSMC established and deployed the Global Manufacturing and Management Platform at all its domestic and oversea fabs.

The Company also continued to promote digital transformation and digitized fabs through ve major strategies: Agile Manufacturing, Precise Process Control, Maximum Tool Productivity, Optimize People E ciency, and Consistent Management.

For Agile Manufacturing, TSMC utilizes a modularized Intelligent Scheduling and Dispatching system to calculate optimal dispatch orders in combination with the Intelligent Automated Material Handling System to ensure wafers are delivered to the right machine on time.

Meanwhile, the Automatic and Intelligent Manufacturing System, developed in house, supports production and ensures consistent productivity and cycle times across fabs.

For Precise Process Control, TSMC adopts its self developed AI technologies to ensure process control consistently across fabs to reduce process variance, and also compiles big data on production from TSMC wafer fabs around the world on a universal quality control platform, using AI technology to simultaneously compare over thirty quality defense systems, set the same speci cation control, and optimize global wafer production quality by benchmarking against equipment with the best wafer process performance.

For Maximum Tool Productivity, TSMC utilizes an intelligent operation platform to process abnormal activities from millions of process control charts, allowing engineers to detect abnormal activities at the same time.

They can then use TSMC's intelligent diagnostics platform to quickly nd the root cause and promptly repair tools.

For Optimizing People E ciency, TSMC rolled out relevant measures in 2022 to all TSMC fabs around the world, continuing to digitalize knowledge from internal experts and utilizing intelligent work ows to establish 20 systems, allowing employees to focus on high added value tasks and e ectively increasing productivity by 30 to 50%.

TSMC's goal is to enable the simultaneous deployment of manufacturing improvement activities and productivity enhancement projects to all TSMC fabs around the world with the Global Manufacturing and Management Platform and achieve consistent manufacturing practices and parameters across all fabs.

This can accelerate the delivery of products with optimal yield and performance to customers.

Furthermore, TSMC seeks to support cross fab manufacturing or remote expert instructions with remote operations coupled with augmented reality and mixed reality to achieve an agile and e cient ONE Fab model for collaboration and operations.

This empowers TSMC as a trusted, reliable and consistent capacity provider in the global logic IC industry for years to come.

The acceleration in digital transformation has made semiconductors more pervasive and essential in people's lives.

TSMC's Open Innovation Platform (OIP) focuses on innovation and collaboration, solidifying in Electronic Design Automation (EDA) and Intellectual Property (IP) development to achieve Design and Technology Co Optimization (DTCO), enable IC design in the cloud, and o er design services for backend packaging and testing partners.

In addition to the existing EDA, IP, DCA and VCA, and Cloud Alliances, TSMC announced the new 3DFabric Alliance in 2022 as the sixth OIP alliance with 19 inaugural members that have 3D IC expertise covering aspects from EDA, IP, and DCA VCA to Memory, Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test (OSAT), Substrate and Testing.

The new 3DFabric Alliance contains a full spectrum of best in class solutions and services for semiconductor design, memory modules, substrate technology, testing, manufacturing, and packaging, aiming to help customers achieve speedy implementation of silicon and system level innovations and enable next generation HPC and mobile applications using TSMC's 3DFabricTM technologies, a comprehensive family of 3D silicon stacking and advanced packaging technologies.

TSMC has worked closely with these ecosystem partners ever since the Company was established and continues to expand its libraries and silicon IP portfolio to more than 55,000 IP titles and provides more than 43,000 technology les and over 2,900 process design kits, from 0.5 micron to 3 nanometer, to customers.

The latest set of comprehensive ecosystem design solutions support customer designs using TSMC's industry leading process technology for high performance computing, mobile, automotive, and IoT applications.

These combined e orts have helped customers accelerate innovation for their di erentiated products to drive continuous technology development around the world.

Through the collective leadership of TSMC and our ecosystem partners, our 3DFabric Alliance o ers customers an easy and exible way to unleash the power of 3D IC in their designs, and we can't wait to see the innovations they can create with our 3DFabricTM technologies.

During the 2022 OIP Ecosystem Forum, a complete set of design solutions was unveiled jointly with OIP alliance partners, to address the market demands for speci c platforms for mobile, high performance computing (HPC), automotive and IoT applications.

To recognize the outstanding support and collaborative achievements of TSMC's OIP ecosystem partners, the Company announced the 2022 OIP Partner of the Year awards for their excellence in accelerating semiconductor innovation.

TSMC also launched Semiconductor Programs at universities in Taiwan, with over 4,000 students having enrolled and learned through the programs since 2019.

To close job education discrepancy, TSMC reached out to partners in the industry, company executives, and professors to co design and lecture programs.

In 2022, TSMC launched two courses, Semiconductor Technology Process Equipment and Semiconductor Intelligent Manufacturing Systems, which bene tted over 810 students.

Design Foster Package (ADFP) for its own 16nm FinFET technology to help universities overcome education and research bottlenecks in cutting edge chip design, ushering in the FinFET era and strengthening R D capabilities.

For career guidance, TSMC organized a wide range of events to give students further insight into the semiconductor industry and lay the foundations for future talent.

In 2022, a total of 1,700 students attended TSMC's career guidance events.

In addition, a mini course Semiconductor Devices Physics was launched for high schools with a simpli ed but comprehensive course design and hands on practice sessions to inspire passion and interest in semiconductors, thus cultivating tech talent for the future.

In 2022, TSMC also continued to organize the Girls in STEM program for high schools, sharing experience of working in tech with high school girls and reaching over 2,900 students.

TSMC maintains long term partnerships with universities in Taiwan and abroad in three areas Industry Academia Collaboration, Course Collaboration, and Career Guidance to encourage professors to conduct cutting edge semiconductor research and develop advanced semiconductor components, process and material technologies, engineering sciences, and special process technologies relating to the electronics industry.

TSMC aims to develop long term and interactive systems for collaboration programs with universities, jointly pushing for advanced research and development and cultivating talent for the semiconductor industry.

In 2022, TSMC invested NT 660 million in industry academia research collaboration and worked with 26 universities in Taiwan and abroad to continue numerous research projects and industry academia projects.

With the TSMC University Shuttle Program, the Company is also helping university professors and students to validate designs, applications, and terminal performances.

In 2022, TSMC took on a greater role in supporting six universities in Taiwan to establish their own National Academy for Key Fields of Research and continued to provide funding to support cutting edge research and talent cultivation for the semiconductor industry.

TSMC worked with National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, National Taiwan University, National Cheng Kung University, and National Tsing Hua University to establish graduate institutes and provided research funding to encourage university professors and students to come up with innovative semiconductor research projects, develop cutting edge technologies in semiconductor components, materials, processes, and chip design, and foster semiconductor researchers.

TSMC has been establishing university research centers since 2013 as of 2022, a total of 245 professors and over 3,600 top students in the elds of electronics, physics, chemistry, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering have joined the graduate institutes in the four universities mentioned above.

In addition, TSMC provided funding and collaborated with eight world leading universities abroad, launching international research projects through graduate institutes.

TSMC encourages university professors to explore cutting edge semiconductor technologies through industry academia joint development projects that allow interested students to join and learn from hands on experience.

TSMC hopes this will encourage students to consider a career in the semiconductor industry.

In 2022, 147 industry academia joint development projects were launched, with 134 professors from nine universities in Taiwan and 17 universities abroad participated.

Since 2013, these industry academia joint development projects have resulted in 228 patent applications in the U.S.

Semiconductor innovations continue to drive progress in the world it is therefore pertinent and pressing to cultivate talent for the future.

In 2022, TSMC worked with professors and students from 12 world leading universities through the University Shuttle Program to realize IC circuit designs and validate terminal performances.

Innovation is a never ending journey in the eld of chip designs.

I'd like to thank TSMC University Shuttle Program for their support and e orts in research innovation and talent cultivation.

TSMC University Shuttle Program provides us stronger foundations and the opportunity to validate and realize our designs.

I'd like to thank TSMC for providing such invaluable resources.

Yuan Bang Huang Student at the Institute of Electrical Engineering, National Taiwan University communication, high speed wireline communication, memory applications, safety, biotechnology, image sensor applications, and robotics applications.

And 22 of those papers were published in esteemed journals or at renowned conferences such as the IEEE Journal of Solid State Circuits and the International Solid State Circuits Conference (ISSCC), often touted as the IC Design Olympics.

Personnel Training, TSMC is committed to helping National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, National Taiwan University, National Cheng Kung University, and National Tsing Hua University to establish graduate institutes.

In 2022, TSMC extended its collaboration with two more universities Sun Yat sen University and National Chung Hsing University to integrate TSMC's R D resources with their R D capabilities.

In the future, TSMC will invest at least NT 100 million in funding to support cutting edge semiconductor research, help schools o er merit based scholarships, and cultivate top R D talent.

To increase the quantity and quality of domestic semiconductor talent and attract more outstanding students to the semiconductor industry, TSMC o ers Semiconductor Programs at top universities in Taiwan.

Six majors are o ered, including components integration, processes modules, equipment engineering, advanced packaging, intelligent manufacturing, and advanced circuit design.

In 2022, National Chung Hsing University joined the program too.

In addition to the Semiconductor Programs, TSMC invites employees to serve as industry lecturers to co lecture two courses, Semiconductor Technology Process and Equipment and Semiconductor Intelligent Manufacturing Systems, at several universities to give students insight into the latest knowledge and practices from the industry and mitigate any job education discrepancy.

In 2022, a total of 810 students enrolled in these courses.

Since April 2022, TSMC has made internal training resources available to students enrolled at TSMC Semiconductor Programs at various universities.

Students can visit the TSMC Newcomer Training Center for free courses such as Semiconductor Component Fundamentals and Semiconductor Tool Fundamentals.

Professional insights from corporate trainers at the Newcomer Training Center and the opportunity for hands on practice with real tools enable students to integrate theory into practice and learn about the latest semiconductor processes and tools.

In 2022, ve sessions were o ered at the Newcomer Training Center, holding 209 lectures and bene tting 271 students.

To strengthen the cultivation of forward looking design talent and reduce education job discrepancy, TSMC launched the 16nm FinFET Academic Design Foster Package (ADFP) and leveraged government cloud platforms to help universities upgrade very large scale integration (VLSI) chips.

In addition, TSMC organized lessons and contests related to circuit design.

As of 2022, ADFP has been successfully deployed at 11 universities in Taiwan for professors to use in related courses.

It is estimated that over 2,000 people will bene t annually starting from 2023.

ADFPs are also planned expand to universities abroad in the future to create a global FinFET design education platform and cultivate semiconductor talent for the future.

Fostering Ph.D. level scienti c research talent is key to the sustained advancement of the semiconductor industry.

Scholarship in 2020 as an incentive for elite students to pursue doctoral degrees in scienti c specialties related to the eld of semiconductors.

The program consists of three pillars: scholarship, mentorship, and internship.

An annual subsidy of NT 500,000 is issued for a maximum of ve years to o er Ph.D. students nancial support.

After attaining the degree, the scholarship recipients can directly join the semiconductor industry or become an educator to cultivate more talent.

As of 2022, a total of 74 Ph.D. students have bene ted from the scholarship.

TSMC co developed the mini course Physics of Semiconductor Devices and animated learning resources with college professors to introduce the fundamental principles of semiconductors to high school students, guiding high school students with simple and easy to understand semiconductor related knowledge and hands on practice.

This course aims to inspire their passion for science and further drive learning motivation.

In 2022, TSMC o ered courses at Taipei Municipal Jianguo High School, Taipei Municipal Zhongshan Girls High School, and Taichung First Senior High School to a total of 88 students.

In 2023, TSMC plans to promote courses to more schools through Train the Trainer workshops to help science education take root and invest in cultivating future tech talent.

To encourage high school girls to pursue science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation hosted the TSMC Journeys of Female Scientist Lectures for two consecutive years in 2020 and 2021.

In 2021, TSMC held career lectures titled Lean in and Achieve a Better Version of Yourself aimed at inspiring students' interests in STEM as they learned about the unique strengths and capabilities of women as well as in depth information on TSMC and the semiconductor industry.

In 2022, TSMC continued to promote career lectures to 12 schools and reached out to over 2,900 students, encouraging high school girls to pursue tech careers and foster more female talent for the technology sectors.

The lecture was practical and informative, and our alumni provided us plenty of helpful advice.

It was the rst time that I can truly learn about TSMC and the semiconductor industry.

TSMC is committed to providing outstanding semiconductor foundry services.

The Company spotlights the quality standards of all operational aspects and advance quality management system from supply chain management, technology development, wafer manufacturing, and customer service.

The Company also roots quality culture rmly in daily operations from six aspects: De ning, Integrating, Encouraging, Sharing, Coaching, and Driving.

Forum to encourage employees to commit to quality innovation and also added a quality culture course to the new employee orientation to strengthen quality awareness in daily operations.

In 2022, TSMC's Quality and Reliability Laboratories introduced a total of 272 innovative testing methods to facilitate technology development through an energy saving approach and the application of AI in yield monitoring for operational e ciency and quality enhancement.

Note 1: Provided IP training courses to OIP partners to help create high quality and certi ed IP solutions for customers Note 2: Launched industry academia cooperative research programs with Harvard University and National Cheng Kung University to exchange knowledge on mechanics and work together to overcome problems with product failure and reliability Note 3: Developed an intelligent testing framework to drastically increase testing capacities and applied AI to yield monitoring to enhance operational quality and e ciency Note 4: Launched standardized training courses on new processes to quickly familiarize customers with the design and process ow.

Quality is the cornerstone of sustainable development at TSMC.

To cultivate a quality culture that engages all employees, TSMC hosts company wide conferences, training programs, and quality improvement projects to drive cross organizational learning and collaboration and enhance employees' problem solving skills.

In 2022, TSMC organized two Quality Forums with executives giving keynote speeches and panel discussions to drive quality innovation, attracting nearly 6,000 attendees.

Company Wide Quality Culture help new employees build awareness of quality and TSMC's core values, accelerating integration and adaptation to their duties.

A total of 11,493 new employees have been trained to commit to the goal of quality excellence.

TSMC has been hosting the Total Quality Excellence and Innovation Conference (TQE) for 30 consecutive years to improve the quality system and methodology.

Quality Audit categories to boost quality innovation synergy and the Talent Cultivation category to motivate internal organizations to enhance talent cultivation and management for employee capability improvement.

In pursuit of perfection, TSMC launched the Quality Academy platform which integrates quality cases, tools, publications and mentoring resources to facilitate employees to learn from each other and inspire more innovative ideas.

In 2022, TSMC employees submitted 9,316 improvement projects and generated over NT 13 billion in value.

To encourage employees to take the initiative in preventing abnormal quality or outdated operations, TSMC launched a new theme, STOP FIX, in 2019 to collect and share improvement projects every year.

As of 2022, the number of STOP FIX projects has reached 9,439.

Additionally, TSMC launched the CIT Outstanding Engineer program in 2000 to incentivize employees and provided training courses to build a talent pool of improvement experts.

Up to now, TSMC has awarded a total of 1,394 CIT Outstanding Engineer Awards.

In addition to cross functional exchanges within the Company, TSMC is also a long term participant of TCIA.

By participating in the competition, TSMC exchanges practical knowledge on quality improvement with peers from other industries and accelerates the advancement of all local industries.

In 2022, TSMC received six Gold Awards, four Silver Awards, and three Best Innovation Awards at TCIA, setting a new record for TSMC.

To strengthen the supply chain, TSMC also encourages suppliers to participate in TCIA.

COVID 19 prevention measures, but TSMC still ensured that 74% of major local raw materials suppliers and 60% of backend packaging materials suppliers were able to participate in the competition.

A total of 17% of TSMC suppliers advanced to the nals and won four Gold Awards, three Silver Awards, four Bronze Awards, and one Best Innovation Award.

TSMC announced the list of winners on its corporate website to encourage suppliers to continue to improve.

Quality capability plays a key role in ensuring technology leadership.

TSMC's Quality and Reliability Laboratories have been dedicated to perfecting, researching, and developing testing methods.

In 2022, the laboratories introduced 272 innovative testing methods while ensuring that device characteristics, process yield, and product reliability all comply with customer demands and standards.

From device, packaging to system level, TSMC continues to minimize quality risks in customer products and maintains strict monitoring of raw material stability and safety acquired from the upstream or through recycling, aiming to realize the Company's vision of being a green, safe, and healthy workplace.

As EUV is critical to advanced processes, a new aging test method for EUV mask was developed to accelerate validation and technology development with 1 5000 of the electricity consumption compared to the original method, ful lling the Company's commitment to sustainable operation.

In addition to strengthening quality capabilities and management throughout the supply chain, TSMC is also dedicated to talent cultivation and local industry support.

University to stabilize production line quality by exchanging knowledge on mechanics and working together to overcome problems with product failure and reliability.

Meanwhile, TSMC collaborated with the Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International (SEMI) to organize the fourth Strategic Materials Conference in Taiwan, sharing the win win strategy for technology and sustainable development to elevate the competitiveness of the local supply chain.

TSMC cares about the safety of its employees and supply chain.

To continue tracking where materials with potential risks end up, TSMC's Advanced Materials Analytical Center (AMAC) has established mechanisms for screening CMR materials and expands its screening scope based on the Company's technology roadmap.

In 2022, the AMAC completed the screening of new 16 semiconductor materials, developing the ability to analyze 100% of CMR substances.

Furthermore, TSMC assisted VisEra in strengthening protection for high risk materials by sharing measures such as substitutes for high risk chemicals, protection gear, and regular workplace assessments.

Meanwhile, TSMC incorporated hazardous substance management regulations in the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Standards, and provided training, auditing, and guidance to suppliers.

In 2022, TSMC continued to help all suppliers supplying materials with potential risks to develop capabilities to detect CMR substances.

In compliance with the TSMC Environmental Policy and TSMC Safety and Health Policy, TSMC is committed to becoming a world class company in environmental protection, health, and safety.

Sustainable chemicals management at TSMC includes compliance with international regulations and customer requirements.

In addition, the Company has always aimed to avoid or minimize the use of hazardous substances.

The Corporate Environment, Safety and Health (ESH) Division and the Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection Departments of the fabs are responsible for ensuring that the storage, transport, use, and disposal of any irreplaceable hazardous materials are compliant with regulations as well as TSMC's own ESH requirements to guarantee the health and safety of all workers and prevent pollution to the environment.

Such materials can only be used with consent from VP level executives of related divisions or departments.

NMPs are commonly used in industrial and semiconductor processes.

However, due to their reproductive toxicity, TSMC launched an industry rst replacement program in 2016.

In 2022, TSMC was able to achieve the goal of reducing NMP usage at all Taiwan facilities by 95%.

The Company expects to replace all NMP use at overseas locations by the end of 2023.

NMP replacement is an innovative practice and, therefore, subject to rigorous internal review.

After years of hard work across multiple facilities, TSMC is able to con rm that NMP replacement not only meets product quality demands but is also more friendly to the environment.

In addition, TSMC uses green procurement procedures to control chemical sources and ensure new materials are free from hazardous substances.

New materials or changes to existing materials both require con rmation through the green procurement process to avoid any hazardous substances prohibited or restricted by regulations or customers.

In 2022, to strengthen PFAS management, TSMC amended green procurement procedures, expanding the list of prohibited substances from PFASs with eight or more carbons to PFASs with more than four carbons, taking control from the source.

Sustainable chemicals management at TSMC is based on the QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System Requirements and strives for continuous improvements by utilizing the plan do check act (PDCA) management model.

All the TSMC fabs, upon o cial launch, acquire third party certi cation.

Raw material hazardous substance test Suppliers are required to provide proof of compliance with hazardous substance speci cation test report issued by ISO 17025 certi ed labs.

In 2022, the Chemical Lab acquired an X ray uorescence spectrometer, brought in operators, and helped operators obtain the relevant licenses.

TSMC shows its commitment to quality in technology, manufacturing, and services.

For quality in technology, TSMC helps customers design products with superior reliability.

In 2022, TSMC completed quality and reliability certi cation for 3nm process technology, 22nm embedded RRAM IP, the rst TSMC SoIC and Wafer on Wafer (WoW) technologies.

For more details, please refer to 5.3.6 Quality and Reliability of the TSMC 2022 Annual Report.

Demands from the automotive chip market have made automotive chips with HPC capabilities very critical in advanced processes.

TSMC has cutting edge technologies and has been able to provide design rules speci c to automotive chips during the early stages of volume production using 5nm process technologies.

The Company has helped customers design and plan automotive chips with HPC capabilities beforehand and will be updating design principles as more experience with the volume production of 5nm technologies is acquired.

In 2022, TSMC completed veri cation of automotive IPs for TSMC's 5nm technology, perfectly addressing customer design requirement for auto chips.

For quality in manufacturing, TSMC has been able to strengthen the application of design principles for automotive products by timely physical failure analysis for process improvement.

In 2022, TSMC completed reliability veri cation for 5nm automotive processes and met customers' requirements for the defective parts per million (DPPM) of new designs.

This helps improve and facilitate volume production for subsequent designs, testing, and processes.

To realize intelligent precision manufacturing, TSMC leveraged machine learning to create an automatic yield monitoring system and deployed the system to all facilities in 2022.

The system has been able to stabilize product yield and return problems immediately.

Moreover, the Quality and Reliability Organization completed several digital transformation projects in the areas of raw materials management, statistical process control (SPC), metrology and laboratory analysis, which has enabled smart quality defense and remote management of manufacturing, making seamless quality control across all TSMC fabs around the world a reality.

For quality in services, as advanced processes become more complex, TSMC introduced innovative Design Technology Co Optimization (DTCO) to enhance the speed, power and density of TSMC's new process technologies.

TSMC has also launched new process standardization training programs to familiarize customers with new process design processes, which can help accelerate new product design timelines and volume production.

For example, the most advanced training program is currently on N3E, which was launched in November 2022.

As of December 2022, a total of 10 clients with 11 training sessions and a total of 1,200 individuals have participated in the N3E course for the next generation of semiconductor innovation.

In addition, to reduce product defects and risks of product returns, TSMC o ers diverse courses to customers, sharing technical knowledges on high voltage stress, burn in, and screening.

In 2022, TSMC shared quality related information with 29 customers and worked closely on quality and reliability testing to ensure stable production lines and strengthen partnerships.

Thanks to quali cation in technology development, real time defense systems and innovative applications in semiconductor manufacturing services, as well as its continuous quality improvement culture, TSMC had no major product recalls in 2022.

Meanwhile, a third party audit veri ed the e ectiveness of the Company's quality management systems in compliance with IATF 16949:2016 and IECQ QC 080000:2017 requirements.

In 2022, TSMC's four backend fabs also continued to pass the certi cation of the American National Standards Institute ANSI ESD (Electrostatic Discharge) S20.20 standard.

Company continued to advance the system, developing and deploying automatic yield monitoring systems at all TSMC fabs.

The systems continuously improve the e ciency of yield monitoring and e ectiveness of auxiliary recognition model reaches 98%.

This can help reduce redundant work for engineers, enabling them to focus on real time response and professional analysis for yield monitoring to prevent yield losses and strengthen product quality.

Stable product yield and immediate response to manufacturing challenges are critical in the volume production of semiconductor chips, where time is of the essence.

In recent years, TSMC has been actively introducing digital transformation to increase the operational e ciency of yield testing and quality monitoring.

In 2020, the Company developed a highly accurate yield recognition model.

In 2021, a highly accurate yield anomaly pattern model was launched by introducing automatic cross check analysis.

Note 1: In 2022, cases of problematic engineering quality have been reduced to meet the 2030 Goal.

The Company believes that gaining customer's trust is critical to consistent innovation in technologies, and the Company is committed to providing products and services of the highest quality.

TSMC's vision is to become the largest and most advanced dedicated IC design and manufacturing service provider in the world.

Service teams dedicated to customers have been assembled that strive to provide world class services in areas such as product design, mask fabrication, wafer manufacturing, and backend packaging.

Digital transformation is also being introduced as part of the commitment to providing excellent services to make customers more competitive, build deeper and stronger relationships with customers, and collaborate with them to get a head start in the market.

Customer feedback and satisfaction ratings are opportunities for TSMC to improve.

The customer service team learns and analyzes customers' commercial and technological demands through annual satisfaction surveys, quarterly evaluation meetings, and need based meetings to provide optimal solutions to strengthen partnerships.

In 2022, TSMC conducted the annual satisfaction survey with more than 200 customers and held over 100 quarterly evaluation meetings with more than 30 customers, hosting more than 1,200 online and o ine meetings for the managerial level.

In 2022, the global semiconductor market experienced extreme changes: from strong demands in the rst half of the year to decelerated growth in the second half.

With uncertainties looming over the industry, TSMC decided to double down on collaboration and communication with customers.

In 2022, customer satisfaction levels have rebounded from 84% in 2021 to 88%.

In the future, TSMC will continue to work on long term capacity planning, tech support, and other areas.

The Company hopes that the newly added capacity and the distribution of existing capacity can satisfy customer demands, provide greater supply chain resilience, and ultimately, help TSMC achieve its long term goal of 90% customer satisfaction.

Meanwhile, TSMC is proud to announce that customer trust, an indicator from the annual customer satisfaction survey, has already increased to 95%.

TSMC is also advancing manufacturing technologies to achieve better quality and yield.

As such, the Company decided to ramp up the 2030 Goal to 20%.

Real time interaction and information exchange are the main reasons customers consider TSMC as their own wafer fabs.

TSMC OnlineTM is a customer self service portal that provides comprehensive information on in house technologies and manufacturing, allowing customers to feel at home but also protected with robust proprietary information protection services.

In 2022, TSMC OnlineTM was upgraded by reorganizing system functions and frameworks, importing customer work ows and personalized concepts to meet customer demands.

The upgraded system allows for intuitive operation and easy self service that can increase operational e ciency for customers.

As of December 2022, TSMC OnlineTM has processed an average of more than 3,000 log ins each day.

In 2022, to accommodate the development of the technology roadmap and support diverse product demands from customers, TSMC provided over 944 wafer manufacturing technologies and over 129 advanced packaging technologies for customers.

In terms of proprietary information protection for customers, TSMC complies with international regulations and standards and has obtained ISO 27001 certi cation, the international standard for information security management.

TSMC's customer service team provides world class services in areas including wafer production, testing, etc.

Power to Change Society established an Information Protection Policy and SOP to ensure, under the virtual fab, the highest level of security that customers enjoy with their own foundries to protect customers' interests.

TSMC is committed to delivering products of the highest quality and pursuing innovative collaborative models based on the core value of Customer Trust.

As a trusted technology and capacity provider in the global logic IC industry, TSMC works with customers to support their success and sustainable operations.

Customers' success is TSMC's success, and the Company will continue to work closely with customers to provide customer oriented services.

TSMC is employing innovative digital collaboration to help customers succeed.

In 2022, TSMC OnlineTM was upgraded not only by changing the user interface but, more importantly, by optimizing service ows.

The system framework was restructured to deliver a new and improved customer experience with TSMC OnlineTM.

The Personalized Workspace is one of the highlights of the upgraded TSMC OnlineTM system, as it makes the customer's work ow more convenient.

In the Personalized Workplace, two system functions for One Stop File Download and Subscription Management have also been added to enable customers to access and lter technical documents and download multiple les from their Carts with a single click.

Customers can also schedule to send production reports at designated times and subscribe to technical documents for the latest updates to access the latest technical documents and production reports.

My Favorite Functions allows customers to add frequently used functions to their workplace to accommodate their job requirements and habits.

The function makes it easy for users to manage and personalize information, which increases their operational e ciency.

For more details, please refer to TSMC Optimizes Customer Experience by Upgrading Its Online Service System.

TSMC is committed to responsible purchasing and works closely with supply chain partners on technology, quality, delivery, human rights, and environmental protection.

Note1: Tier 1 suppliers: Suppliers trading directly with TSMC with more than three orders per year, with order amounts exceeding NT 5 million.

Note 7: For spare parts, since the proportion of advanced processing increased, the quality requirements became stricter.

Note 11: Mainly focusing on suppliers in Taiwan producing 80% of the waste in raw materials.

Note 12: In the most recent two years, the main waste producing suppliers have vigorously promoted waste reduction and improvement plans, thus the target for 2030 has been increased from 35% to 42%.

TSMC is dedicated to building an environmentally and socially responsible operating model, exerting in uence towards sustainability as the global leader of the semiconductor industry.

Guidance for process quality and ESH capabilities operations.

Additionally, to answer the calls for green manufacturing, TSMC has taken the initiative to reduce the environmental impact of supply chains, prompting suppliers to set reduction targets for power and water consumption, waste generation, and carbon emissions.

TSMC aims to mitigate the impact of climate change on society and lay the foundation for the sustainable development of supply chains.

TSMC worked closely with supplier partners through the four guiding principles of Compliance Guidance, Risk Assessment, Audit Participation, and Continuous Improvement to urge suppliers to improve their sustainability performance and take the initiative to promote sustainable practices to their upstream suppliers.

To prompt common growth among supplier partners worldwide, TSMC established the global responsible supply chain management platform Supply Online 360.

The platform serves as an integrated communication channel with all suppliers, propelling tangible change with virtual data analysis and bringing sustainable semiconductor supply chain practices into reality.

As a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), TSMC has established its Supplier Code of Conduct according to RBA's Code of Conduct.

TSMC requires Tier 1 suppliers to comply with the Code of Conduct while encouraging them to ask their upstream suppliers, contractors, and service providers to adopt the same Code in their practices and management.

New suppliers must sign the TSMC Supplier Code of Conduct to be eligible for partnership.

To gain an in depth understanding of the current status of supply chain development and potential risks, TSMC conducts a three phase risk assessment in supplier management, identifying the improvement measures required for suppliers according to supplier classi cation.

First, TSMC investigates and analyzes all suppliers it conducts business with and requires Tier 1 suppliers to conduct the Self Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) to evaluate their performance in sustainability.

In 2022, Tier 1 suppliers in Taiwan completed 1,230 SAQs.

According to the survey results, for the Dangerous Workplace category, the most common problem among 4% of the suppliers was failure to stipulate operating procedures for dangerous machines in terms of Personnel Operation Safety, 3% of suppliers did not have adequately equipped emergency response personnel, and they did not formulate e ective rst aid procedures regarding Fire Protection Equipment Design and Maintenance, 16% of the suppliers had not established a monthly re protection equipment inspection and maintenance plan.

TSMC determines the level of risk based on the SAQ results and priority accident records, and it de nes supplier grades according to indicators such as procurement expenses, product criticality, and business relations with TSMC.

Using the two dimensions of Risk and Criticality, TSMC establishes a Supplier Risk Matrix to de ne supplier grades and formulate exclusive management measures accordingly.

In 2022, suppliers with physical production lines were targeted for management.

Besides the existing SAQ items, two assessment items, Supply Chain Risk Management and Process Reliability, were added, while climate change response measures, re protection system integrity, and green manufacturing were also considered.

Suppliers scoring less than 70 points were included as the priority inspection targets of on site audits.

After identifying risks using the Supplier Risk Matrix, TSMC conducts on site or remote audits focusing on the six major categories of Supply Chain Risk, Quality and Reliability, Environmental Safety and Health, Fire Protection System, Labor Ethics, and Management System to determine potential risks and opportunities.

TSMC requires suppliers to propose improvement plans and schedules and assigns the TSMC S.H.A.R.P.

Team to o er guidance and follow up on improvements regularly.

The Company has further extended audit projects such as key guidance and new factory design guidance, and constantly strengthens suppliers' self management awareness and improvement ability.

In 2022, TSMC conducted 160 on site audits of critical high risk suppliers to properly track the risk status of the suppliers and improve their operational sustainability.

By doing so, TSMC can ensure stable materials supply and services, provide a safe and healthy workplace, and minimize environmental and social impact.

Note 1: Priority violations may present higher risks of production halt, life, serious illegal a airs, or systematic failure.

To ensure suppliers' improvement results, the TSMC S.H.A.R.P.

Team focused on four major dimensions of the six major categories, Supply Chain Risks, Quality and Reliability, Environmental Safety and Health, and Fire Protection System, to launch short, medium, and long term improvement plans to solve the problems from previous audits.

Through multiple recti cation, suppliers are able to perform self review to e ectively improve audited ndings, decrease the occurrence of abnormal events, increase process stability, operational safety, and reliability, maintain supply quality, and avoid the risk of material supply interruptions.

TSMC has formulated comprehensive procurement management actions for main materials, and it continues to collaborate with suppliers in ve major areas: supplier distribution, diverse sources of materials, quality control, local procurement, and sustainable operations.

By adjusting the global market deployment, developing diverse sources of materials, and increasing localized procurement, potential supply chain risks such as insu cient production capacity, quality defects, delivery delays, in ation, and major natural disasters can be proactively resolved.

Furthermore, suppliers are required to incorporate sustainability into their operational considerations in accordance with the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Standard.

At the same time, TSMC also collaborates with suppliers to facilitate advanced material R D, process innovation, and quality improvement, thereby continuously improving supply chain resilience and generating the values of a circular economy.

For more information, please refer to 5.3.5 Raw Material and Supply Chain Management in the annual report.

Suppliers' Reporting Procedure TSMC values people above all else and has established a Supply Chain Employee Grievance Channel on Supply Online 360.

This reporting channel o ers protection for the employees of suppliers, extends and deepens TSMC's management practices, and builds a more inclusive workplace for the supply chain.

Sustainable Operations one involved ambiguous overtime hours without overtime pay, for which the suppliers were immediately required to make improvements according to the TSMC Supplier Code of Conduct and compensate employees' due salaries and overtime pay the nal dispute was related to the protection of con dential information, and TSMC has reinforced information asset management.

TSMC ensures that human rights, health, and the environment in mineral production areas are not violated by purchasing con ict free raw materials from dependable sources.

In light of this, the Company has adopted a series of legal compliance measures including the establishment of a due diligence framework following the Model Supply Chain Policy for a Responsible Global Supply Chain of Mineral from Con ict A ected and High Risk Areas published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).

At the same time, TSMC is one of the staunchest supporters of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) and Global e Sustainability Initiative (GeSI).

The Company adheres to the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP), requiring suppliers to procure con ict free raw materials.

TSMC requires suppliers to comply with the responsible minerals sourcing policy and sign the statement of responsible minerals for products containing tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold.

Since 2017, TSMC has also disclosed the source smelters for the cobalt used in TSMC products to clients.

In 2022, the Company completed the inventory of mica usage in the supply chain.

Since 2021, TSMC has audited at least three suppliers of tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold annually, ensuring that these suppliers formulate and implement con ict free minerals management processes and conduct due diligence on upstream suppliers.

For the latest TSMC disclosure documents, please visit TSMC's o cial website or the US Securities and Exchange Commission website.

To bolster the capabilities of suppliers, the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Academy has planned seven major programs with 44 courses, transforming TSMC's operating and manufacturing experience into online animated teaching materials and sharing them with the supply chain free of charge.

As of 2022, 1.2 million people have completed training, and 284 Tier 1 suppliers have used the platform to train their suppliers and connect to the internal contractor construction management system, requiring those engaging in high risk operations to complete the necessary courses before they can be quali ed for construction to minimize potential industrial safety risks.

The Enterprise GHG Inventory course is expected to be included in the compulsory courses for Tier 1 suppliers in 2023 to enhance the supply chain's green impact.

TSMC ensures ESH sustainability management in the supply chain with four separate steps: Establishing Standards and Systems, Audit and Violations Tracking, Consultation and Training, and Focus Consultation.

To constantly improve the sustainability of suppliers, besides regularly organizing the Sustainable Supply Environment, Safety, and Health Forum, practical re protection equipment training, emergency response drills and observation, and on site energy conservation and carbon reduction diagnosis and guidance, the Company also launched a series of courses and training including ESH and Fire Response Workshop, Supplier Fire Protection Autonomous Training, Supplier Carbon Inventory Workshop, and Supplier Product Carbon Footprint Inventory Workshop in 2022.

Through hands on teaching, group discussion, and practice by professional lecturers, the learning performance and self management capabilities of suppliers are optimized, thereby enhancing suppliers' environmental safety, health, and loss prevention capabilities, and forming an uninterrupted supply chain.

TSMC implemented the Supplier Sustainable Fire Protection Management Mechanism in 2020 and established a Supplier Protection Personnel System in 2021 to allocate training resources to executive personnel in order to achieve optimal training performance.

In 2022, to lower the risk of material supply interruptions caused by res, TSMC launched the Supplier Fire Protection Personnel Project 2.0 in addition to introducing re protection requirements that are superior to RBA speci cations the Company also conducted on site measurements and random inspections of supplier production lines.

Based on the principle of the Supplier Sustainability Standards, TSMC collaborated with external experts to open small classes for practical re protection related operational training and implemented the Supplier Fire Protection Autonomous Training Program.

Meanwhile, online interactive courses will be planned and made available in the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Academy in 2023, so that suppliers' re protection training will not be subject to time and venue constraints, thereby re ning re protection management and equipment reliability on an ongoing basis.

Supplier Fire Protection Practice and Operational Training Commissioned WuFeng University to organize the Practical Operational Training for Supplier Fire Protection Personnel, using MR equipment to conduct on site drills in a bid to improve suppliers' professional re protection capabilities.

A total of 40 supplier representatives participated in two training sessions.

Supplier Fire Protection Autonomous Training Program Fire protection technicians hired by suppliers were asked to conduct on site training on employee re protection equipment.

Moreover, TSMC's re protection experts conducted on site guidance and observation to verify training quality.

A total of 12 suppliers have completed the training.

TSMC Supplier Sustainability Academy Interactive Fire Protection Course Apart from physical courses, TSMC expects to launch the De ciencies in Suppliers' Fire Protection Audits and Improvement Measures online course in Chinese and English on Supply Online 360, allowing domestic and foreign suppliers to participate in interactive re protection training online.

Its procurement can be divided into six categories: equipment, spare parts, raw materials, facility services, IT, and goods.

Besides promoting local sourcing in Taiwan, TSMC has also set up independent procurement organizations for TSMC subsidiaries, including TSMC (China), TSMC (Nanjing), and WaferTech.

We also assist local suppliers to improve technology and quality and reduce costs and carbon emissions to build a highly e ective and competitive semiconductor industry chain.

In response to the Net Zero by 2050 target, TSMC formed the Green Supply Chain Management Team and proposed speci c action guidelines based on the ve major dimensions proposed by World Economic Forum's (WEF) Net Zero Challenge: The Supply Chain Opportunity guideline: Create Transparency, Optimize for CO2, Engage Suppliers, Push Ecosystems, and Enable Your Organization.

Through this, TSMC continues to bolster the operational capability of a low carbon supply chain.

In 2022, TSMC required 137 raw material and equipment suppliers to participate in the CDP Supply Chain Program and carried out an organizational GHG inventory training and CDP disclosure questionnaire brie ng to improve data quality.

A total of 322 people participated in the training and 111 suppliers completed the questionnaire.

According to the survey results, 84% of the manufacturers have put their Board of Directors in charge of supervising climate change topics, 93% have conducted GHG inventory or estimation, 71% have set emission reduction targets, and approximately 51% of suppliers have provided Scope 3 emissions data.

Also, to improve carbon emission data quality, TSMC has required suppliers with annual GHG emissions exceeding 2,500 tons to obtain third party certi cation for ISO 14064 GHG inventory since 2021.

The Supplier Sustainability Standard is expected to be revised in 2023, adding Scope 3 inventory request for suppliers, and requiring designated suppliers to obtain third party ISO 14067 product carbon footprint and ISO 50001 energy management certi cation.

In 2022, to manage the raw materials supply chain and identify carbon emission hotspots, a life cycle assessment of raw materials' carbon footprint was conducted.

The results indicated that chemicals, bulk gases, and silicon wafers were the main emission sources.

Thus, TSMC required relevant suppliers to stipulate rigorous short, medium, and long term energy conservation, carbon reduction, and green energy consumption targets, as well as continue to track implementation performance.

The Company also required suppliers to obtain the carbon footprint of their upstream materials and communicate their carbon reduction claims.

In 2023, TSMC will consolidate supplier carbon information related inventories as the basis for subsequent Net Zero actions.

By improving raw materials usage e ciency and decreasing the amount of raw materials required for wafer production, it is able to reduce the carbon emissions in the supply chain.

In 2022, TSMC lowered the consumption of bulk chemicals with a signi cant proportion of carbon emissions to save roughly 178,000 tons of carbon emissions at the raw materials manufacturing end via approaches such as reducing time span, extending use, replacing, and skipping stations.

Meanwhile, the Company continues to promote the Electronic grade Chemicals Recycling Program, indirectly decreasing carbon emissions and environmental impact during the upstream natural resource extraction process by using recycled chemicals in factories.

Furthermore, the Company continues to optimize procurement strategies to minimize transport carbon emissions in the supply chain.

Power to Change Society reduction targets and reduce, track, document, and disclose their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

In 2022, TSMC continued to require and assist suppliers to improve their performance in making the supply chain greener.

The annual total energy reduction reached 190 GWh, and the accumulative total reached 530 GWh.

The annual total water reduction reached 9.37 million metric tons, and the cumulative total reached 29.08 million metric tons.

Additionally, 65% of the high energy consumption suppliers received ISO 14064 veri cation.

TSMC also required suppliers to introduce energy conservation assessments when building new factories.

The waste production per unit among major waste producing suppliers was reduced by 34%, exceeding the annual target of 32%.

Additionally, TSMC also actively promotes green innovation projects in the supply chain.

In 2022, suppliers were engaged to launch the Supplier Carbon Capture Program to help them build carbon capture equipment for recti cation columns, and reintroduce the residual gas from the recti cation process of industrial grade liquid CO2 into the process for secondary puri cation.

This is reproduced into electronic grade liquid CO2 that conforms to TSMC's quality standards.

Up until December 2022, 800 metric tons of CO2 have been captured successfully.

TSMC is dedicated to creating a green semiconductor supply chain.

Besides working with suppliers to advance the Energy Conservation Action Project for Next generation Fab Tools, suppliers with high carbon emissions were invited to join the renewable energy joint procurement project in 2022 to assist suppliers to expand the source of green power procurement and consolidate the upstream to form a low carbon supply chain.

In 2022, TSMC established a green supply chain management team to track and require suppliers to implement carbon reduction actions.

The team is also responsible for integrating TSMC's internal and external resources to help suppliers achieve their targets.

Moreover, in response to TSMC's internal application of ESG AWARD to motivate employees to constantly review carbon reduction opportunities and inspire green innovation, the Materials Management invited suppliers to submit proposals together for the rst time in 2022, such as collaborating with suppliers to recycle packaging materials or recycling and transforming calcium uoride sludge into recycled products, as well as enhancing carbon reduction awareness among TSMC personnel and the supply chain through a reward mechanism.

To alleviate the environmental problems caused by excessive packaging of raw materials, TSMC and suppliers joined forces to compile the first Supplier Material Packaging White Paper Regulations to promote reduction circulation in the three major dimensions of Health and Safety, Environmental Protection, and Packaging and Labeling Standardization to establish a Handling friendly, Environment friendly, and Automation friendly packaging culture.

More than 1,200 domestic and foreign raw materials suppliers were encouraged to improve packaging operations, striving towards the goal of optimal packaging in the supply chain.

In 2022, TSMC took the initiative to provide packaging samples for suppliers of similar materials through inventory checks, o ering improvement suggestions to elevate packaging quality.

Additionally, active promotion was conducted through the Supply Online 360 platform to encourage suppliers to implement packaging optimization from the manufacturing end to the logistics process.

Please refer to Supplier Material Packaging White Paper Regulations for further details.

TSMC aspires to be a world leading benchmark organization in environmental protection and actively integrates green management into daily operations.

The Company applies innovative technologies to climate and energy, water management, circular resources, and air pollution control, promoting a comprehensive range of sustainable actions to strengthen environmental protection and act on the rm belief in prospering with the earth's ecosystem.

Note 2: Absolute value of energy e ciency improvement targets are replaced with energy saving rate to avoid value di erences incurred by market uctuation and changes in power use.

Responding to climate change is the responsibility for sustainable business operation.

As the world's largest provider of semiconductor technologies and capacity, TSMC is committed to reaching Net Zero emissions by 2050 and has drawn Roadmap to Net Zero Emissions, targets include zero growth and gradual reduction in carbon emissions starting 2025, reducing 2030 carbon emission to 2010 levels, and reaching net zero emissions (with value chain included) by 2050.

Among these, using 100% renewable energy is one of the key strategies in realizing net zero emissions.

Other than the continuing improvements of various carbon reduction actions, TSMC is also working on expanding the use of renewable energy and establishing a diverse supply.

Since the Company included a small scale hydroelectric station as one of the sources of power supply in 2022, its yearly use of renewable energy reached 2,190 GWh, and TSMC overseas sites reached net zero emissions in Scope 1 and 2.

TSMC established carbon credits quality procurement standards for the rst time in 2022 and chose four carbon credits o set programs for carbon reduction, and referenced the UN's Convention on Biological Diversity and SDGs as guidelines to formulate its Biodiversity Statement.

O cially launched in 2023, the Statement strives to reach a balance between technology and the ecosystem to allow never ending momentum for sustainability to realize GHG reduction targets.

Global Risks Report 2023 published by the World Economic Forum (WEF) pointed out that climate related environmental issues are the most signi cant four risks of the top ten global risks over the next decade, including failure to mitigate climate change, failure of climate change adaptation, natural disasters and extreme weather events, and biodiversity loss and ecosystem collapse it is clear that constantly improving climate risk response measures and enhancing corporate operational resilience are pressing important tasks.

TSMC successfully achieved uninterrupted production target in 2022 by identifying potential risks and opportunities through regular systematic risk assessment identi cation and following the Company's Climate Risk Adaptation Standards to reduce potential climate disaster.

Note: Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) is an international initiative organization that encourages companies to set an absolute GHG emission reduction target that is in line with the Paris Agreement goals with a yearly reduction of 4.2 %.

TSMC is committed to develop SBT reduction targets in 2017, and as the global demand for chips drastically increased in recent years, the CAGR of TSMC's capacity exceeds 10%.

However, as the supply from the renewable energy market in the Company's main manufacturing site was insu cient, reaching SBT requirements poses as a challenge in the short term.

ESG Steering Committee: TSMC's top organization in climate change management.

Chaired by the Chairman of TSMC with the chairperson of the ESG Committee serving as executive secretary.

Committee is the Company's management organization for taking action on climate change risk and opportunity.

It is chaired by the Vice President of Fab Operations.

Risk Management Steering Council: The Risk Management Steering Council briefs the audit committee each year on the ever changing risk environment facing TSMC, the focus of the Company's enterprise risk management, and risk assessment and mitigation e orts, including climate change issues term 2030 goals and development strategies for climate change and renewable energy.

The Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee de ned ve major energy conservation teams based on di erent process technologies to conserve more energy from production equipment and fab facilities.

Established the following as climate change performance indicators: GHG emissions per unit product, amount of renewable energy purchased, total electricity saved, improved production e ciency, and days of production interruption due to climate disasters.

Based on carbon inventory and evaluation results, the consistent carbon reduction actions have e ectively reduced risks of Scope 1 emissions, the risks of Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions due to electricity consumption and the risks of Scope 3 due to the continual increase of supplier indirect emissions.

Set climate change and energy management goals for 2030 in accordance with climate change performance indicators for senior executives to regularly review implementation performance.

TSMC holds the Climate Change Risk and Opportunity Workshop once every two years to identify and update climate risks and opportunities based on the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework.

In 2022, the Workshop identi ed 11 transition and physical climate risks and eight opportunities.

The top three climate risks were net zero emissions, impact on company reputation, and uncertainties in the development of new energy saving carbon reduction technologies, and the top three opportunities were: develop low carbon products and services and increase energy e ciency in customer products, drive low carbon manufacturing, and boost company reputation.

Apart from continuous improvements on carbon reduction practices, TSMC also set up carbon credit procurement strategies and started implementations in 2022 to further enhance corporate climate resilience.

See TSMC TCFD Report for qualitative assessment methods and results on the nancial impacts of each risk and opportunity.

Stick to green manufacturing and green innovation.

The annual GHG inventory result is TSMC's rst step to strengthening carbon reduction by reviewing overall carbon reduction e orts and revising the emission reduction strategies on a rolling basis.

In 2022, the Company's total GHG emission was 18 million MT CO2 equivalent direct emissions from Scope 1 processes such as F GHGs and nitrous oxide processes accounted for 11% indirect GHG emissions in Scope 2 from electricity use, which was still the major emission source, accounted for 50% and indirect GHG emissions from the value chain in Scope 3 accounted for 39%, which were primarily from producing raw materials, energy related activities in the upstream, and transportation.

TSMC continues to enforce industry leading best practices for GHG reduction, including ramping up replacements and installing local scrubbers on the manufacturing end, using carbon neutral natural gases, constructing green factories with green building certi cates, implementing energy saving projects for process tools and facility equipment, and increasing the use of renewable energy.

In response to an increase in carbon cost brought about by a global trend in low carbon transition, starting from 2022, TSMC widely uses internal carbon pricing mechanism to re ect carbon cost in e cacy estimation for daily reduction measures, and include this into decision making evaluation for new fab investments.

As for emissions reduction actions in Scope 3, TSMC continues to focus on increasing material use e ciency and implement electronic grade chemical reuse.

Total emission on low carbon transition and their own carbon hot spots, and helps them develop strategy and target on carbon reduction.

TSMC also shares with suppliers its Best Known Method to support them to implement green actions together.

First in Taiwan to use carbon neutral natural gas.

High Energy Consumption SuppliersNote 2 must pass GHG emissions inventory and third party veri cation 65% of suppliers have been veri ed.

Note 4: Emission factor based on data released in 2022 by the Bureau of Energy stating that 0.509 kg of CO2e kWh, where 1 kg of CO2e equals 6,805 kJ.

TSMC is committed to reducing carbon footprints in raw material manufacturing and transportation to product manufacturing, testing, and assembling phases.

In 2022, the Company obtained ISO 14067 third party certi cation, and conduct Product Carbon Footprint Assessment every three years.

Other than actively reducing greenhouse gas emissions in manufacturing processes and improving resource e ciency, the Company also o ers guidance for suppliers to join its consistent endeavors in realizing environmental sustainability.

In addition, although the life cycle of TSMC's product carbon footprint covers from raw material excavation to shipment, through providing highly energy e cient process technology, TSMC supported clients in increasing the life span and function innovation of terminal smart devices applied in various elds, including developing smart home, smart city, smart health care, smart industry.

This further helps save energy for the world, as every kWh of power used in production can help save four kWh of power for other industries worldwide and households.

Increasing the use of renewable energy is critical to achieving the Company's goal of Net Zero Emissions by 2050.

In 2022, with support from the board and management team, TSMC introduced renewable energy from small hydroelectric stations, continued to increase power supply from onshore wind farms, increased renewable energy usage by 47% to 970 GWh, and maintained 100% use of renewable energy in global o ces.

TSMC also signed a power purchase agreement (PPA) for 1.3 GW of renewable energy with the option to increase around 3,900 GWh of green energy each year.

By the end of 2022, the Company has signed on 2.9 GW of renewable energy through PPAs, which can reduce around 4.6 million metric tons of carbon emissions each year.

In addition, TSMC has been purchasing renewable energy, Renewable Energy Certi cates (RECs), and carbon credits in countries with comprehensive regulations and ample supply to o set 100% of carbon emissions from power used in overseas locations, including the United States, Canada, Europe, China, Japan, and Korea.

Promote diversi cation of renewable energy sources.

In addition to purchasing renewable energy, TSMC has also installed solar panels in TSMC facilities to produce carbon free renewable energy for its own fabs.

In 2022, TSMC had an installed capacity of 5,340 kWp in solar panels, which provided 4.56 GWh in electricity and reduced carbon emissions by 2,322 metric tons.

In 2023, an additional 900 kW of solar panel capacity will be installed, which can generate up to 4.6 GWh of electricity.

While strengthening its own climate resilience, the Company is also expanding the scope of e orts toward sustainability and common good through TSMC Charity Foundation's Public Welfare Green Energy Project to install photovoltaic (PV) systems and give back all earnings from power rebates to organizations serving disadvantaged communities.

As of 2022, the Company has provided an installed capacity of 464 kWp across seven locations and generated 574,000 kWh in electricity.

In 2022, it also gave back NT 2.75 million from rebates generated by the project.

Semiconductor technologies are evolving rapidly and increasing energy consumption.

In 2022, TSMC consumed a total of 22,400 GWh in energy with purchased electricity accounting for around 94%, natural gases for 5.8%, and diesel for 0.2%.

TSMC is dedicated to optimizing energy use e ciency.

The Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee has de ned ve major energy conservation teams for di erent process technologies to explore opportunities to save energy and maximize energy conservation in tools.

In 2022, TSMC was able to conserve 700 GWh in electricity and successfully increase process energy e ciency for 5nm volume production to 60% in the third year, exceeding the annual target.

In 2022, the ve major energy conservation teams continued to innovate various energy conservation programs, including the Hot Water Recycling System, Intelligent Compressed Dry Air (CDA) Flow Control System, and Optimized AI powered Water Chiller System.

In addition, TSMC is deploying a variety of green action plans to improve energy and resource e ciency.

To strengthen energy conservation and carbon emissions, TSMC founded the Engineering Center for Green Manufacturing in 2022 to comprehensively assess, plan, and manage net zero emission strategies, energy conservation in modules and tools, energy conservation in facility equipment, and low carbon technology R D. Additionally, TSMC integrated energy saving measures across facilities for horizontal roll out, which will become standard designs for new facilities.

Taiwan facilities in energy conservation to generate more green bene ts.

In 2022, TSMC implemented 684 energy conservation measures across eight categories, achieving a 13% energy saving rate and conserving 700 GWh in electricity.

Energy conserved in 2022 is the equivalent of reducing 360,000 metric tons in carbon emissions and saving NT 1.75 billion in energy costs.

The reduced carbon emissions also decreased the potential social cost of carbon by NT 530 million.

As of 2022, the Energy Conservation Action Project for Next generation Fab Tools launched in 2018 has validated and applied 195 energy conservation programs to hundreds types of advanced process tools and conserved 500 GWh in energy through cross fab roll out of energy conservation measures.

TSMC cares about environmental sustainability and actively works to strike a balance between technology and ecology.

To ensure sustainable ecosystems and maintain biodiversity, TSMC regularly assesses changes in ecosystems surrounding TSMC fabs, cultivates indigenous species, created re y habitats within TSMC locations, and launched the TSMC Plant a Tree Program to facilitate stable population growth and reproduction for species.

In addition to implementing eco friendly practices, TSMC is also an avid supporter of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity and SDGs.

Biodiversity Statement in 2022, which will be formally declared in 2023.

TSMC's Biodiversity Statement will commit to working with stakeholders to protect and deepen the integrity of biodiversity and working with supply chain partners to raise awareness and comply with related regulations within business locations, ful lling its mission of strengthening environmental protection.

In 2022 Q4, TSMC conducted a Dependencies Impacts on Nature and Biodiversity Assessment for deeper insights into interactions between operations and local environments, analyzing three areas location of facilities, emission of pollutants, and dependency on ecosystem services.

For location of facilities, TSMC overlapped the Company's locations in Taiwan with the Forestry's Bureau National Ecological Network GIS database and included resources consumed and emissions discharged throughout operations as assessment factors to identify mitigation and restoration.

Plant a total of 122,000 trees with TSMC Plant a Tree Program since the start of the program around fabs and enforce environmental education.

In addition, TSMC is working with stakeholders such as the Forestry Bureau, county and city governments, research and education institutes, and conservation groups to promote conservation programs based on conservation corridor assessment results and deepen the diverse values of biodiversity.

For pollutant emissions, TSMC used qualitative analysis of Life Cycle Impact and identi ed GHG emissions as the main cause of impact on biodiversity, followed by water consumption.

TSMC is driving low carbon manufacturing and enforcing GHG reduction standard practices to e ectively reduce GHG emissions per unit of production.

The Company also complies with AWS Standards to enforce sustainable water management at all TSMC fabs and improves surrounding ecosystems and soil and water conservation to foster biodiversity.

For dependency on ecosystem services, which was explored for the rst time in 2022, TSMC established a dedicated internal unit and invited outside experts to join in meetings and discussions and also compiled a survey on supplier enforcement.

Results showed that TSMC and its supply chain are more dependent on three types of ecosystem services water provision, climate regulation, and ood prevention.

TSMC will continue to strengthen the climate resilience, promote green and low carbon supply chains, and strengthen management in compliance with the Climate Risk Adaptation Standards to reduce dependency on ecosystem services and mitigate impact on operations from loss of ecosystem services.

TSMC is committed to driving green manufacturing and actively implements energy e ciency innovations.

The Company continues to optimize the energy saving model of water chiller systems through machine learning methods and successfully develops three functions including Single Chiller Compressor Abnormal Energy Consumption Detection, Multi chiller Compressor Operating Load Precision Forecast, and Water Chiller System Pressure Control Optimization to strengthen operational reliability.

TSMC introduced the three functions to Fab 15A in 2022, saving 2 GWh of electricity and reducing 1,000 metric tons of carbon emissions.

In 2023, all TSMC 12 inch wafer fabs in Taiwan will begin to adopt the three functions, which are also listed as standard designs for new plants.

Those initiatives are expected to save 100 GWh of electricity per year and reduce carbon emissions by 50,000 metric tons, bringing TSMC closer to its 2050 sustainability goal of Net Zero Emissions.

TSMC has successfully applied EUV technologies for 3nm volume production, but energy consumption rises with the growing number of EUV tools.

To ensure developments in process technologies do not compromise environmental sustainability, the Company continues to optimize EUV tool parameters and reduce energy consumption per unit of wafer production through big data analysis.

Additionally, TSMC engages suppliers for research to dive deep and uncover opportunities to conserve more energy.

Research has shown that EUV light is transmitted with the help of unique re ective mirrors, which, after bouncing o several mirrors, result in severe energy attenuation.

The multilayer mirror's atness and smoothness determines EUV light re ectivity, so, to increase energy e ciency, TSMC has engaged suppliers to netune mirror fabrication processes and optical structures to optimize atness and smoothness and e ectively improve re ectivity.

EUV light is produced from laser pulses ring 50,000 times per second at a drop of tin.

Vaporized tin often deposits on mirrors to cause fog, which impacts productivity.

The Company then needs to inject hydrogen and tin to produce tin hydride before pulling the multilayer mirror out of the chamber.

After repeated testing with suppliers, TSMC was able to pinpoint the optimal parameters for the number of pumps required for tin vapor removal, e ectively reducing energy consumed by tin vapor pumps.

In 2022, TSMC was able to successfully reduce energy consumption per wafer from EUV tools by 22%, the equivalent of 60 GWh.

TSMC is committed to creating an environmentally and socially responsible business model.

To ful ll the Company's commitment of Net Zero Emissions by 2050, the Corporate Environment Safety Health Division, Finance, Accounting, Legal, Information Technology and Materials Management, and Supply Chain Management Units formed the Carbon Credit Task Force and formulated the Carbon Credits Quality Standards for Voluntary Emissions Reductions in compliance with international guidelines and industry practices to serve as purchasing guidelines.

TSMC assessed carbon credit veri cation standards, year issued, additionality, permanence, and risk management.

Additionally, the Company prioritizes programs that comply with UN SDGs such as Climate, Community Biodiversity (CCB) and the criteria that the source of carbon credits should align with emissions for rigorous quality assurance to extend the scope of TSMC's sustainability impact.

Four Nature based Carbon Credit Programs energy and exhaust gas reduction facilities to maximize emissions reduction.

The remaining carbon emissions are o set, in principle, with carbon credits.

In 2022, TSMC selected four carbon credit programs located in the U.S. and China that comply with the Company's Carbon Credits Quality Standards for Voluntary Emissions Reductions.

The programs are mainly nature based carbon credits from projects that establish natural forests and improve forest management.

Two of the natural forest establishment programs create jobs for local residents and foster skillsets in maintaining the forest 50% of the jobs created are o ered to women to facilitate gender equality.

The remaining two programs improve forest management to uphold local biodiversity and help local conservation groups and indigenous communities preserve traditional cultures and outdoor education through earnings from carbon credits.

Through carbon credit trading, TSMC has been able to not only o set carbon emissions but also ful ll several SDGs to create diverse sustainability bene ts.

Water pollution composite indicator reduction rate of 60% Note 3.

Note 1: In 2022, TSMC newly built Fab 18 Phases 6, 7 8.

Excluding the new facilities, the unit water consumption was 15.6% in 2022.

In the future, facilities below a certain economic scale will be excluded from the calculation of unit water consumption (1) The source of reclaimed water include municipal drainage and industrial discharge (2) Replacement rate of reclaimed water consumption volume of reclaimed water (consumption volume of reclaimed water tap water).

Figures from TSMC fabs in Taiwan In 2022, TSMC was able to reduce the water pollution composite indicator by 54.3%, exceeding the 2022 target of 45% and long term 2030 goal of 50%.

As such, the 2030 goal was changed from 50% to over 60%.

In 2022, Taiwan experienced zero typhoons while weather fronts carrying moisture failed to cover reservoirs in Taiwan, resulting in little rainfall in Southern Taiwan.

Based on the drought monitoring signals issued by the Water Resources Agency, TSMC adopted response measures in compliance with the TSMC Internal Control Procedures for Low Water Supply Crisis Management to take stock of areas where more water could be conserved and to strengthen the water use e ciency of recycling systems.

In 2022, the Company conserved 3.35 million m3 of water and recycled a cumulative total of 215 million m3 of water throughout the year.

While working to increase water reclamation e ciency, TSMC also cares about getting the most use out of every drop of water.

As such, TSMC is actively developing water reclamation technologies.

On September 19, 2022, the TSMC Tainan Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant Taiwan's rst privately operated water reclamation plant became operational and started recycling industrial wastewater produced in the Southern Taiwan Science Park into reclaimed water for advanced semiconductor processes, a rst for the global semiconductor industry.

TSMC also continues to work with the government and is planning to complete the Tainan Anping Reclaimed Water Plant in 2023, which is estimated to reclaim 35,000 m3 of water per day for TSMC facilities in the Southern Taiwan Science Park (STSP).

TSMC's goal is to increase the supply of reclaimed water to gradually reduce city water consumption each year.

The Company is also exploring the concept of being water positive in the hope of restoring water resources in the future and upholding sustainable water practices.

Every year, TSMC evaluates the water risk levels of all TSMC facilities using the Water Risk Atlas from the World Resources Institute (WRI).

Results from 2022 were identical to those of 2021: WaferTech was rated as low risk TSMC facilities in Taiwan and VisEra were rated as medium to low risk and TSMC (China) and TSMC (Nanjing) were rated as high and medium to high risk, respectively, due to regional water quality di erences.

In 2022, TSMC added Fab 18B into the water risk evaluation.

While building Fab 18B, TSMC preemptively elevated foundations, installed oodgates, and applied existing recycling systems and wastewater treatment measures to the facility.

By the time Fab 18B became operational, it already possessed outstanding ood protection and process water recycling rate, which enabled it to maximize water resources and mitigate environmental impact.

In 2022, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, and Fab 5 at Hsinchu Science Park and Advanced Backend Fab 3 at Lungtan Science Park obtained Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Platinum certi cation.

All advanced TSMC fabs in Taiwan's three science parks have obtained AWS Platinum certi cation (the highest level available) for three consecutive years, a rst for the global semiconductor industry.

Sustainable water stewardship at TSMC complies with AWS standards.

In 2022, the Company introduced water reclaimed from industrial wastewater to facilities at the STSP for the rst time.

The reclaimed water was gradually supplied to Fab 6, Fab 14, and Fab 18 to reduce city water consumption and achieve the preliminary target toward sustainable water balance.

TSMC's e orts toward good water quality include a new tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) treatment system in Fab 3 to e ectively reduce e uent concentration by 90% 70% copper concentration reduction from e uents discharged by Advanced Backend Fab 3 to improve local creek water quality.

After improving the cooling equipment of the reaction tank and reducing the batch reaction time, in June 2022, the hyfro uoric (HF) acid waste regeneration system in Fab 15B achieved zero treatment outsourcing of the HF acid waste liquid.

The hydro uoric acid waste regeneration system processed a cumulative total of 4,193 metric tons of HF acid waste and produced 1,025 metric tons of cryolite in 2022.

In addition, ecological restoration and soil and water conservation in areas surrounding TSMC facilities are AWS implementation priorities.

TSMC compiled the TSMC Fire y Habitat Management Process to bring back re ies and launched a orestation initiatives.

In 2022, over 1,900 adult re ies appeared across TSMC's three major factories.

The Company also planted 108,000 trees and 320,000 shrubs, expanding a orested areas to 10.1 hectares to create a healthier water environment.

TSMC has created an internal Water Map platform to e ectively manage and gain insights into water used in TSMC facilities.

The Company also continues to track reservoir water levels and install in house water quality and water level monitoring points to monitor water usage, recycled water, wastewater, and domestic water consumption in processes according to the water balance chart.

This forms the basis for integrating water consumption and recycle and reuse mechanisms to calculate recycling discharge rates and allocate water to units that use water.

In 2022, TSMC continued to implement four major water saving measures: reducing facility system water consumption, increasing the wastewater recycling of facilities, improving the water production rate of the system, and decreasing water discharge loss from the system.

The Company conserved 3.35 million m3 of water and yielded a wafer unit water consumption of 137.3 liter per 12 inch equivalent wafer mask layer, a 2.6% reduction from the 140.9 liter per 12 inch equivalent wafer mask layer in 2010, the base year.

Nevertheless, TSMC failed to reach the 2022 target because new facilities built in 2022 were still in risk production stages.

Though the new facilities have not yet reached economic scale, there was still a xed amount of water consumption, which led to a lower water saving rate.

Wastewater discharge was 93.0 liter per 12 inch equivalent wafer mask layer, an 18% increase from last year.

The increase was also caused by the water consumption for risk production in new facilities.

Before the new facilities reach economic scale in production, TSMC will continue to optimize operating parameters for water recycling systems, increase water use e ciency, and reduce wastewater discharge.

TSMC is committed to reducing product water footprint in various stages, including raw material manufacturing and transportation, product manufacturing, testing, and packaging, etc.

The water footprint of products is assessed every three years.

In 2022, the Company obtained third party ISO 14046 certi cation.

In terms of water quality indicators, TSMC and raw material suppliers account for 47% and 53%, respectively.

Water pollutants are mainly suspended solids, metals, and chemical oxygen demand (COD).

In addition to actively reducing water consumption from production processes and discharge of water pollutants, TSMC also helps suppliers to set water conservation targets with the Sustainability Management Self Assessment Questionnaire.

All suppliers are required to adhere to the TSMC Supplier Code of Conduct to manage water use and discharge, while identifying opportunities for water saving and implementing measures.

For more details, please refer to Sustainable Supply Chain in this report.

The year 2022 marked the start of water reclamation at TSMC.

To get the most out of every drop of water, TSMC is actively conserving water from production processes while also developing water reclamation technologies.

To ensure water quality complies with advanced process speci cations and their demands for cleanliness, TSMC works with the government, industry, and academia to develop low energy consumption biological treatment, low energy consumption sludge treatment, high e ciency urea removal process, and other innovative technologies.

The Company also establishes multi layered, real time, and automatic monitoring systems to ensure the quality of reclaimed water supplies.

In September 2022, the TSMC Tainan Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant entered into operation as a center for processing, monitoring, and supplying TSMC facilities in the STSP.

As of December 2022, the Reclaimed Water Plant has supplied 380,000 m3 of water reclaimed from industrial wastewater.

To develop diverse water resources, the Water Reclamation Plant in Anping, Tainan, will be completed and enter into operation in 2023.

In 2026, the water supply capacity of the Tainan Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant will reach up to 36,000 m3 per day, reducing city water consumption and contributing positively to the surrounding environment.

TSMC is also designing innovative systems to reclaim concentrated wastewater and make waste sludge reusable through waste heat, thereby reducing the discharge of high concentration wastewater.

In 2022, TSMC completed the TSMC Tainan Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant and also launched the Hsinchu Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant project to expand the use of reclaimed water.

The Hsinchu Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant is expected to supply 10,000 m3 of water per day in 2025.

With the Hsinchu Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant and reclaimed water provided by the city government, new fabs in the Hsinchu Science Park will use 100% reclaimed water, strengthening TSMC's operational resiliency and ful lling the commitment to achieve sustainable water cycle management.

TSMC continues to advance the performance of water pollution control and treatment processes.

As advanced processes have evolved and increased the use of organic chemicals, TSMC has introduced a membrane bioreactor system to strengthen water pollutant removal.

In 2022, average COD and TMAH concentration levels were reduced to 151.5 ppm and 3.75 ppm, respectively.

Fab 15B introduced rotating packed bed technology in 2022 to further reduce COD levels.

Lab test results showed that 70% of COD levels in water can be reduced.

Note: Figures from TSMC fabs in Taiwan out this technology in 2023.

Due to the increased use of cobalt sulfate, cobalt sulfate treatment systems have also been expanded, which have helped to achieve a 54.3% water pollution composite indicator reduction rate, far exceeding the 2022 target of 45% and 2030 goal of 50%.

As such, the reduction rate goal for 2030 has been raised to over 60% to achieve environmental sustainability.

To classify and treat wastewater, TSMC has developed 38 separation systems based on the composition and concentration of wastewater for treatment, recycling, and reuse.

In the third quarter of 2022, Fab 15B successfully eliminated HF acid waste outsourcing by optimizing the hydro uoric acid waste regeneration system, further perfecting the renewable technologies of local circular economy industries.

TSMC also performed sludge tests, a byproduct of the chemical mechanical polishing process, at the Zero Waste Manufacturing Center, turning sludge into aluminum silicon oxide through dehydration, grinding, and surface modi cation.

The aluminum silicon oxide can then be used as plastic llers for factory use.

As semiconductor technologies continue to evolve, the consumption of sodium hypochlorite (NaOCI) increases to treat pollutants in wastewater.

To practice green manufacturing, reduce environmental impacts, and improve the water quality of e uents, TSMC launched the NaOCI reduction project in 2022.

Between pH 5.5 and 6.5, NaOCl turns into hypochlorous acid (HOCl), a strong oxidizing agent approximately 80 times stronger than NaOCl.

TSMC capitalized on HOCI's strong oxidizing properties by adding recycled sulfuric acid to NaOCl with deionized water (DI water).

After optimizing the mixing ratio, it became possible to convert NaOCl to HOCl stably, reducing NaOCI consumption without compromising disinfection and ammonia nitrogen removal.

In 2022, the HOCI conversion system was introduced to Fab 15B for pilot run.

It is estimated that annual NaOCI consumption and carbon emissions can be reduced by 80 metric tons and 10 metric tons, respectively.

The Company will continue to roll out the system in other facilities as it is friendlier for the environment and can increase the reuse value of waste liquids, promoting environmental sustainability through green innovation.

Note 2: Derived from the general waste (incineration) coe cient (0.737 kg of CO2e kg).

Note 3: TSMC requires waste treatment vendors to at least acquire ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 certi cations as the basis for standardized management.

Waste treatment vendors include waste treatment and recycling vendors.

TSMC is a committed advocate of the circular economy and upholds the management principles of minimizing waste, maximizing resource recycling, and optimizing vendor management in its e orts to develop a comprehensive waste management system.

As the Company continues to develop advanced processes, more raw materials are consumed and more waste is produced.

As such, TSMC strives to achieve resource sustainability through three major strategies: source reduction, circular economy, and audit and guidance.

In 2022, the Company's waste recycling rate reached 96%, and the land ll rate was less than 1% for 13 consecutive years.

TSMC is also working with vendors to deploy renewable technologies that can successfully produce green energy from organic sludge and reuse activated carbon waste in house to create a circular system.

Raw materials for other industries like optoelectronic semiconductor, chemical industries, etc.

Note 2: Outsourced recycling total solid waste in Taiwan facilities are 114,492 metric tons year, and subsidiaries are 6,195 metric tons year.

TSMC is actively practicing green manufacturing and implementing source reduction strategies to minimize waste.

The interdepartmental Waste Management Task Force utilizes the Plan Do Check Act (PDCA) management cycle to set waste reduction goals and improvement plans at the beginning of each year.

The Task Force also leverages the Unit Waste Production Management System to directly manage and control waste production and reduction.

Waste management units convene monthly to track the progress and outcomes of waste reduction measures.

In 2022, TSMC was able to reduce waste by over 20,000 metric tons through 129 projects that reduced chemical use time and quantity, adopted new chemicals, and extended use cycles.

Wafer cleaning processes and their cleanliness levels are important factors impacting yield.

The higher yield demands of advanced processes have increased the use of sulfuric acids (cleaning solvent).

Process, equipment, and facility organizations worked together to improve post wet etching cleaning steps by increasing acid valve speeds for sulfuric peroxide mixture (SPM) cleaning processes by 54%.

In 2022, sulfuric acid waste produced from cleaning each 12 wafer was successfully reduced by 20% without compromising quality.

In 2023, this process will be deployed to all facilities, which is expected to help reduce sulfuric acid waste liquid by 30,000 metric tons in 2024.

Manufacturing Equipment Waste Reduction 20,000 metric tons.

TSMC is committed to carrying out source reduction strategies.

By developing a closed loop cycle to recycle waste for in house use, the Company has been able to reduce resource consumption and minimize environmental impacts.

Activated carbon is used to recycle wastewater at TSMC.

The resulting waste was previously outsourced to waste treatment vendors for treatment.

To ensure the quality of recycled carbon complies with TSMC standards, several parameters were repeatedly tested and veri ed: hardness (loss from abrasions), iodine value (adsorption capabilities), and apparent density (activation levels).

In 2022, TSMC was able to produce recycled activated carbon with adsorption capabilities and use cycles consistent with new activated carbon.

The recycling process will be deployed to all Taiwan fabs in 2023, which will allow the reuse of activated carbon to reduce outsourcing by 6,000 metric tons and generate NT 30 million in green bene ts each year, e ectively growing the Company's circular economy and supporting environmental sustainability.

In addition to source reduction, TSMC is also carrying out circular economy practices to ful ll long term goals for 2030 of outsourcing less than 0.5kg of waste per wafer unit.

Through the Action Plan to Turn Waste into High Value Products, resource recycling equipment were deployed in the Taiwan fabs that were able to increase the recycling of six types of waste liquids into high value products for internal use or sale.

Over 260,000 metric tons of resources were recycled with an in house resource recycling rate of 28%, which was 6% higher than in 2021 and generated NT 1 billion in bene ts.

The central utility plant structure of the Zero Waste Manufacturing Center was completed, which is slated to enter into operation in 2023.

As for the Electronics grade Chemicals Recycling Program, TSMC continues to conduct evaluations and expects to purify waste into electronic grade chemicals for internal use.

The closed loop cycle can reduce operating risks and maximize the value of recycled products.

The Industry Cooperation to Co create Resources Project involves working with vendors from other industries to reduce incineration and land ll rates.

In 2022, TSMC increased recycling rates from 95% to 96% and reduced land ll rates from 0.2% to 0.1%.

To achieve the 2050 goal of net zero emissions and zero waste, TSMC worked with vendors and introduced anaerobic digestion to treat organic sludge, which can then be used to generate green energy.

Power to Change Society able to reuse instead of incinerating plastic waste through four principles: source management, internal and external sorting, innovative technologies, and high value products.

In 2022, TSMC successfully developed garbage bags from 100% recycled materials for internal use.

Other plastic waste was converted into solid fuel and supplied to combined heat and power (CHP) cogeneration plants to reduce coal consumption.

The technology will go live in the fourth quarter of 2022 and be deployed to all facilities in 2023.

Phase 1 and 2 of Fab 12 previously obtained the highest platinum rating for zero waste to land lls (UL 2799), and all Taiwan facilities and subsidiaries will seek to obtain UL 2799 certi cation in 2023 and 2025, respectively, as well.

In addition, as most of TSMC's waste treatment vendors use diesel trucks, TSMC launched the Electric Waste Removal Truck Program in 2022 and started conducting assessments.

It was discovered that electric trucks produce 45% fewer carbon emissions per kilometer than diesel trucks.

The Program is part of the Company's e orts to uphold the TSMC Environmental Policy.

To promote green innovation, TSMC worked with vendors to launch the Anaerobic Digestion of Organic Sludge R D Project, using anaerobic digestion (AD) to treat organic sludge and produce marsh gas, a form of bio energy, for the rst time.

In 2022, the Company led an application to the Hsinchu Science Park Administration and received approval in September to test out AD for organic sludge treatment at Fab 12 Phases 6 and 7.

As of the end of December, the incineration of organic sludge was successfully reduced by 125 metric tons.

Using anaerobic bacteria, it is possible to break down organic sludge through four stages methanogenesis of methane, for power generation.

Each metric ton of organic sludge can generate approximately 2.2 kWh of energy through AD.

The goal is to recycle instead of incinerate 100% of organic sludge in 2024, which reduces outsourced incineration by 6,500 metric tons, increases recycling rates at Taiwan facilities by 1%, and creates a circular system that can help usher in the future of green energy.

To ensure a safe waste clean up system, TSMC established the Supplier Transportation Management White Paper, requiring waste clean up vendors to strengthen systems for waste removal trucks, drivers, processes before during after clean up, and education and training and obtain ISO 45001 certi cation before 2023.

Waste clean up vendors are asked to protect employee health and reduce environmental risks by creating safe workplaces.

As of the end of 2022, 80% of waste clean up vendors have obtained ISO 45001 certi cation.

In the same year, TSMC conducted on site audits of 41 waste clean up vendors, inspected 100% of tank trucks and sludge clean up trucks, and mitigated ten de ciencies.

TSMC believes that corporate growth and environmental protection go hand in hand.

In the rst stage, new vendor selection, an interdisciplinary team of experts conducts document reviews and on site inspections across six dimensions to ensure compliance in waste treatment, facilities, and on site operations.

Approved vendors then enter the second stage, which includes quarterly on site audits to con rm the ow of waste.

In 2022, new assessment items were added on environmental sustainability to two of the eight dimensions evaluated during annual audits, operations management and waste management.

The items added drive vendors to work with TSMC toward a sustainable environment by obtaining ISO certi cations, reducing and taking stock of GHG emissions, committing to carbon neutrality, recycling resources, and implementing smart management.

Lastly, vendors that perform poorly in three dimensions assessed during annual audits are replaced to enforce green practices throughout the supply chain.

In 2022, TSMC conducted on site audits of 58 waste treatment vendors, reaching an audit ratio of 100% and mitigating 106 de ciencies.

The number of de ciencies was reduced by 17% from 2021, and the percentage of Excellent and Good vendors has increased from 36% in 2015 to 80%.

In 2022, another long term KPI was added under the Circular Resource section  increase the percentage of Excellent Good waste treatment vendors to 90% by 2030 to enhance vendor quality and generate greater impacts on sustainability from the supply chain.

Additionally, 84% of waste treatment vendors have obtained ISO 14001 certi cation.

All waste treatment vendors are expected to obtain the certi cation by the end of 2030.

TSMC continues to leverage digital tools to improve the Intelligent Waste Management Procedure with Full Traceability.

In 2022, the EPA invited the Company to the Environmental Regulation Enforcement Corporate Integrity Forum and National Environmental Regulation Enforcement Conference to share how it was able to strengthen management, recycle resources, and reduce risks of illegal disposal by vendors.

By sharing its experiences, TSMC hopes to lead the industry into a sustainable future through digital transformation.

Achieve ISO 14001 certi cation and implement S.W.I.F.T.

Note: TSMC actively invests resources to lower environmental impacts.

TSMC is committed to air pollution control and has adopted the Emission Source Classi cation method and multi phase Best Available Technology (BAT) to enhance the performance of pollution control.

In 2022, Wet Electrostatic Precipitator Scrubber was applied in TSMC process for the rst time, which used high temperature sulfuric acid for cleaning, reducing alkaline gases and particulate matter (PM2.5) by 90% and 91%, respectively.

Air Pollution Control Procedures areas: air pollution monitoring, water quality analysis, and environmental protection in surrounding areas.

In addition, TSMC is conducting veri cations to help facilities quickly identify target pollutants, apply BAT, and introducing E uents and Water Quality Management for Scrubbers to regularly inspect water quality to ensure air pollution control equipment is operating at optimum levels.

In 2022, TSMC was able to meet the annual target for air pollutant emissions per unit of production as well as the annual target for volatile organic gases reduction, continuing to move toward sustainability goals.

Acid, alkaline, and volatile organic gases comprise the majority of air pollutants produced by the semiconductor industry.

TSMC employs two approaches Classi cation and Reduction of Emission from Sources and Strengthened Management of Terminal Prevention Facilities to achieve BAT with this multi phase system and e ectively control air pollutant emissions.

Exhaust gases are separated in the rst stage based on their properties toxic, corrosive, ammable, per uorocarbon greenhouse gases, and acidic alkaline.

The gases are rst introduced to high e ciency local scrubbers that will process highly concentrated pollutants.

The gases with low concentrations will then be sent to central scrubbers, which are terminal prevention facilities, for the second stage of rinsing and neutralization.

Depending on their boiling points, volatile organic gases may be sent to condensation type scrubbers rst and then to zeolite rotor concentrators for adsorption, reducing emissions and improving decontamination results.

As TSMC accelerates the development of advanced process technologies, the New Tool New Chemical Review Committee evaluates the hazard of new processes and chemicals on ESH to prevent added risks of air pollution.

In 2022, the Committee conducted 430 reviews for 198 new tools and 232 new chemicals.

The two stage review enables the Committee to carefully identify optimal separation methods and local scrubbers for new tools and chemicals.

Depending on exhaust gas properties, they are sent to di erent types of local scrubbers thermal, burn, plasma, wet with chemical dosage, adsorption, condensation, and wet for pre treatment.

As TSMC continues to bring in new types of high e ciency local scrubbers, the Company is also working with suppliers to optimize the performances of existing local scrubbers.

In 2022, TSMC applied the wet electrostatic precipitator scrubber in the process which used high temperature sulfuric acid for cleaning in Fab 12B, using corona technologies and wet scrubber method to remove pollutants alkaline gases and PM2.5 at the same time.

Launched in 2021, the three year High e ciency Spray Equipment Upgrade Program to upgrade existing thermal wet scrubber has upgraded 508 scrubbers, with a nish rate of 68% by the end of 2022.

Power to Change Society gases are channeled to central treatment facilities for scrubbing and acid alkali neutralization to remove pollutants.

Exhaust gases from certain wet processes that emit large amounts of acid alkaline gases are sent to a two step scrubbing central scrubber connecting washing tower to increase pollutant adsorption.

To enhance the e ectiveness of central scrubbers, existing facilities installed hydro membranes, changed lters, and added Raschig rings to optimize tower structures and decontamination.

High e ciency Central Scrubbers in new facilities to enhance the overall performance of terminal prevention facilities.

As for volatile organic gas treatment, TSMC continues to carry out the Low e ciency Single Zeolite Rotor Concentrators renew Initiative in existing facilities and install Dual Zeolite Rotor Concentrators in new facilities.

In 2022, all facilities reduced volatile organic gases by 98.9%.

Due to enhanced prevention and control measures, total air pollutant emissions have not increased with the addition of new facilities.

When concentrated gases adsorbed by zeolite rotors enter thermal oxidizers, pyrolysis can remove volatile organic gas pollutants but may also produce the byproduct of nitrous oxide (NOx) pollutants.

In 2022, Fab 18 Phase 7 applied low nitrous oxide burner (low NOx burner) in the volatile organic gas treatment facilities, using Moderate or Intense Low Oxygen Dilution (MILD) thermal oxidizers and combustion ow eld control technologies to reduce NOx emissions by 65% each year.

Note: Figures from TSMC fabs in Taiwan, TSMC (China), TSMC (Nanjing), and VisEra.

In compliance with TSMC Environmental Policy, the Company is dedicated to reducing air pollution emissions.

The Environmental Lab has strengthened pollutant monitoring and management for stacks, using baseline management to control the concentration of air pollutants, achieve source reduction and enhance the performance of prevention facilities.

In 2022, 104 stacks exceeding baseline concentration standards have been mitigated by the decontamination method, including replacing terminal prevention facilities that have reached the end of their life cycles, upgrading existing facilities, or introducing new high e ciency facilities.

For air pollution sampling, the Environmental Lab introduced various sampling and analysis technologies according to the demands and regulatory requirements.

In 2022, the Lab developed ways to analyze inorganic acids, ammonia, heavy metals, NMHCs, etc., to increase the facilities' abilities for di erent pollutants identi cation, provide sampling data more rapidly, and shorten mitigation period.

The Lab further traced air pollution sources by sampling central scrubber exhaust ducts to con rm the source of abnormal exhaust gas emissions.

Then, TSMC can investigate upstream process tools to clarify special gases and emission properties for ensuring the coverage rate of local scrubber installation is su cient.

The Lab also veri es the performance of upgraded local scrubber, ller variance, and optimal parameters.

This allows facilities to rapidly develop optimal treatment for target pollutants.

In 2022, 2,282 exhaust ducts, sub ducts, and equipment units were sampled and tested 16 cases of mixed acid and alkaline gas emissions were found and resolved, and improved performances in 15 treatment facilities were veri ed.

For water quality testing, the Environmental Lab provided the analyzation for 29 items of pollutants in scrubber water.

The result showed that water containing acid base ions could be turned into gaseous pollutants at certain pH levels.

In 2022, the Environmental Lab established E uents and Water Quality Management for Scrubbers to regularly inspect water status to ensure air pollution control equipment operates at the optimal levels.

TSMC is strengthening the reliability of air pollution control equipment operating systems and air pollution monitoring to ensure compliance with Taiwan and overseas regulations.

The Company also deployed automatic monitoring systems total hydrocarbon monitors, online IPA monitors, and online uorine gas monitors to rigorously control monitoring data and actual emission levels.

In addition, the Facility Division, Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection Division, and Instrument Control System Division used Automatic System for Legal Air Pollutant Coe cient Upgrades and Inspection, Facility Parameter Change Management System, and Facility Monitoring and Data Collection System to monitor facility parameters.

The systems automatically compare and inspect data to prevent aws or losses from human error.

This e ectively increases the accuracy and reliability of TSMC reports to government agencies.

In addition, to ensure air pollution treatment facilities remain at optimal e ciency for operations all year round, all control equipment is equipped with a Dual track Independent Monitoring System that allows the Facility Division and Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection Division to perform emergency repairs or initiate backup systems to minimize damages and losses.

TSMC also adopts the N 1 rule where all equipment must have at least one backup system and uses Uninterrupted Power Supply Systems to help ful ll the management target of zero failure in control equipment.

With dedicated e orts from various divisions, TSMC is proud to report zero abnormal occurrences in air pollution control equipment in 2022.

With the evolution of advanced processes, TSMC continues to work with suppliers to optimize the performance of air pollution prevention equipment and has applied Wet Electrostatic Precipitator (wet EP) Scrubbers in the process which used high temperature sulfuric acid for cleaning.

As this process simultaneously uses acids, alkaline, and organic chemicals, it produces large amounts of acid alkaline gases and high concentration PM2.5.

TSMC improved on wet EP corona technologies to ensure safety and enhance the e ectiveness of air pollution treatment, changing electricity discharge mode and installing protective mechanisms.

The improved technology has obtained SEMI S2 safety certi cation and, after repeated testing, can be used for three stage pollutant treatment.

The rst stage is a washer that transmits gaseous acid alkaline liquid phases for decontamination.

The second stage is a particle collector that accumulates and removes particulate matter with corona discharge.

Finally, the gases which have been treated by wet EP would enter to the zeolite rotors for organic pollutant removing.

The three stage process can e ectively minimize acid alkaline gases, organic gases, and PM2.5 emissions simultaneously.

Results showed that the three stage process was able to remove 90% of alkaline gases, and 91% of PM2.5 which is the form of acid gases after reaction.

In the future, TSMC will continue to evaluate the feasibility and e cacy of wet EP applications to other exhaust gases to reduce air pollution emissions and strive toward zero emissions.

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and per uorinated compounds (PFCs) are byproducts of wafer manufacturing.

Air pollution control equipment mainly uses pyrolysis to remove VOCs and PFCs.

However, this process also causes dinitrogen (N2) to react with oxygen (O2) in the air and produce nitrogen oxides (NO and NO2) pollutants.

TSMC has launched a NOx reduction project in all facilities around the world to comply with assessment requirements for the new U.S. facility.

First, TSMC conducted survey and analysis for comprehensive stacks in the facilities.

Results showed that NOx is mainly produced by pyrolysis in local scrubbers and VOC control equipment.

To reduce NOx emissions, TSMC adapted the structure and treatment processes of thermal oxidizers in control equipment, adding swirler to introduce outside air into oxidizers to facilitate combustion.

Fuel sprinklers are also added for pre heating in stages.

In the rst stage, the oxygen concentration is be lower in the low temperature reaction.

In the second stage, the air with low oxygen concentration is introduced into the combustion.

Under the low oxygen combustion, ame temperature dip from 1,600 1,300 are used to change where exhaust gases enter into thermal oxidizers so that the gases can circumvent high temperature zones, which reduces the production of thermal NOx.

In 2022, TSMC tested the new process on VOC control equipment in the Fab 18 Phase 7 and was able to minimize target pollutants and NOx byproducts by simply adapting thermal oxidizers and using optimal temperatures.

The process does not compromise the performance of exhaust gas treatment and can reduce NOx emissions by 65% each year.

TSMC will continue to evaluate ways to improve local scrubbers to further reduce NOx production and strive for environmental friendly goals.

TSMC values its commitment to employees and works to foster a humanistic workplace culture with open communications.

The Company is dedicated to promoting a diverse, inclusive, safe, and fun workplace where employees can continue to learn.

TSMC also provides competitive compensation and welfare, striving to be a company that employees can be proud of.

Note 1: The Engagement Survey is issued once every two years and will be issued next in 2023.

For the 2021 Engagement Survey, please refer to Employee Commitment Note 2: TSMC respects di erence, hence the hiring or promotion of colleagues is not a ected by gender, religion, race, nationality, or political a liation.

The Company proposes that the employee mix should re ect the current social situation, thus the strategy of Unleashing the Potential of Female Employees was changed to Unleashing the Potential of Diverse Talent to build a diverse and inclusive workplace Note 3: Although the proportion of women in managers in 2022 has not been achieved, it was still 0.3% higher than that in 2021.

For details on talent retention, please refer to Talent Attraction and Retention Note 4: Due to labor market conditions in 2022, although the proportion of women in newly hired technical professionals has not been achieved, it was still 2.4% higher than that in 2021.

TSMC respects di erence and sees talent as the most important asset for driving industry upgrades and social development, hence the hiring or promotion of colleagues is not a ected by gender, religion, race, nationality, or political a liation.

Furthermore, diverse management and employee mix are applied to bolster the Company's competitive edge and sustainable development.

By implementing the Diversity and Inclusion Statement, TSMC vigorously creates an open style management system and inclusive workplace that integrates people from di erent backgrounds.

By strengthening collaboration through mutual understanding, acceptance, and respect, the Company will maximize the bene ts of diverse talent resources.

TSMC strives to create an open style management system inspired by the Business Philosophy written and published by TSMC Founder Dr. Morris Chang, and continues to work on the four areas of Diverse Communication Channels, Learning Resources, Advance Employee Welfare, and Unleash the Potential of Diverse Talent.

It is hoped to prove the Company's commitment and actions to fostering, cultivating, and retaining talent, thereby realizing a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone respects each other and is willing to communicate.

TSMC aims to enable global employees to fully utilize their strengths in suitable positions, growing together with the Company and creating win win situations.

In 2022, TSMC organized 15 Inclusive Leadership Workshops to support senior executives in understanding diversity and inclusion, as well as reinforce the awareness of unconscious bias, learn how it is formed, and appreciate the value of diversity and inclusion in their work through case studies.

Furthermore, they also learned how to create a diverse and inclusive workplace.

In the same year, the R D Organization Diversity and Inclusion Committee was formed to focus on female employees' issues, actively recruit female interns, and hold a series of lectures.

Diverse and Inclusive Employee Experience of career planning and building a workplace mentality, but also to facilitate exchanges among female colleagues, encourage dialogue between di erent generations, and provide all round support for female employees, so as to promote innovative values of diversity and inclusion.

Additionally, TSMC o cially established the employee resource group Women tsmc in 2022 to provide female employees with a platform to support each other.

Activities such as female colleagues forums and mentoring programs serve to enhance female employees' interpersonal networks within the Company and encourage them to pursue their careers and self growth.

Engage the TSMC Journeys of Female Scientist Lectures by inviting lecturers to communicate with students, helping the Company to expand talent cultivation and create a talent pool for the semiconductor industry.

In 2023, TSMC will design projects according to di erent stages of employees' careers.

These include experience camps for people with disabilities and job content design, forming diverse employee resource groups, hosting training courses to raise awareness of diversity and inclusion, implementing exible work hours, as well as support programs for expatriates and their families in a bid to create a diverse and inclusive experience for employees.

The purpose is also to implement a friendly workplace and unleash the potential of diverse talent.

TSMC prides itself on its people oriented corporate culture.

To support the career development of female talent in the semiconductor industry, TSMC is committed to realizing the value of diversity and inclusion and creating a challenging, fun, and sustainable learning workplace.

Through teamwork, experience sharing, and guidance programs, the Company can assist female colleagues to tap into their potential and develop their strengths, as well as support colleagues in looking after their families and work development with a robust employee welfare system.

TSMC recognizes the signi cant contributions of outstanding female colleagues by recommending them to participate in external award selections.

In turn, the Company can create a role model for female talent, encouraging women in science and technology to facilitate the development of the semiconductor industry and advance technological innovation.

In 2022, TSMC recommended numerous outstanding female colleagues to win national and global accolades.

Defending TSMC's industry leadership and operation freedom is the most honorable mission in my career.

Thanks to the R D team's innovation achievements and the legal team's joint e orts that made the new patent record.

My rst impression of TSMC was that it is a company with an exceptional ability to get things done and an emphasis on teamwork.

TSMC's abundant resources and innovations enable novel ideas to be turned into actions in a short time.

Thanks to the guidance of senior colleagues and mentors, I can complete tasks with minimal e ort and explore the in nite possibilities of semiconductor applications.

Constructed strategic patent portfolio with internationally recognized quality led patent litigations to establish victory results for TSMC's freedom of operation.

Pushed through the nm process limit, developed photoresist technology of Extreme Ultraviolet Light (EUV), and collaborated with suppliers to lower process costs and risks, as well as maintain TSMC's technological leadership.

Improved chip computing speed signi cantly in a short time, controlled costs e ectively, increased customer product performance, and fostered innovation in the semiconductor ecosystem.

Note 4: Junior management positions include rst line managers while top management positions include Vice Presidents and higher.

Ensure that over 95% of employees are fully committed to their work.

Ensure that over 95% of employees are willing to continue working for TSMC in the next ve years.

Note 2: The Engagement Survey is issued once every two years and will be issued next in 2023.

In 2022, the semiconductor industry continued to ourish.

To cater to the needs of global customers, TSMC expanded investment in Taiwan, the U.S., China, Japan, etc.

The Company also invested in advanced technology R D and expanded production capacity.

In addition to bolstering the recruitment and cultivation of local talent, TSMC advanced to Japan, Southeast Asia, and Europe to expand global talent recruitment.

Workforce Type Distribution by Gender growth, in turn obtaining a sense of belonging and accomplishment.

Furthermore, the Company strives to respond to their needs through new employee care measures in order to successfully lower the new employee turnover rate.

TSMC's core values of Integrity, Commitment, Innovation, and Customer Trust were de ned by TSMC Founder Dr. Morris Chang.

Wei expect all TSMC employees to uphold these core values, reinforcing the Company's business philosophy and vision through internal websites, meetings, lectures, publications, and various communication channels.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, a core value survey was conducted to listen to employees' feedback on the implementation of the Company's core values and relevant strengthening measures that will be launched in 2023.

Through seminars and case studies, the Company aims to enhance employees' understanding and experience of the core values, thereby ensuring that employees can grow together with TSMC.

When it comes to talent attraction and retention, TSMC has always believed in putting the right people with the shared vision and values in the right positions .

Shared vision means that all employees share the same vision and mission shared values means that all employees abide by the same core values and code of conduct and the right people in the right positions means that the Company is dedicated to helping employees unleash their full potential in the right positions.

TSMC has remained true to its core values and has always strived to be a company that employees can be proud of.

In 2022, the total number of global employees was 73,677, consisting of 73,090 permanent and 587 temporary employees based on employment contract type.

In terms of employment type, 73,310 were full time employees and 367 part time employees.

To encourage more outstanding female science and engineering talent to join the Company, TSMC continues to provide female colleagues with a friendly and supportive workplace.

In 2022, two female career sharing and interview sessions were held, inviting female executives to share their work and workplace experience to help participants better understand the semiconductor industry and TSMC.

Additionally, TSMC continues to expand its diverse talent pool.

Unit: Number of People proportion of women in new managers reached 16.3%.

Abiding by the guidelines of shared vision and values, and the basis of diversity and inclusion, TSMC does not discriminate against candidates because of their gender, religion, race, nationality, or political a liation.

TSMC prioritizes character and capability over professional skills when assessing candidates.

All candidates must pass rigorous selection criteria and interviews for a comprehensive evaluation before they are welcomed on board.

However, in the principal place of business, Taiwan fabs and VisEra, the Company must consider technological development and diversity.

Therefore, in addition to the recruitment of professionals and recent graduates, overseas special professionals are listed as a recruitment focus as well.

In 2022, TSMC continued the 2021 DNA Internship Program, which revolves around the theme of Development, Navigation, and Advance O er to provide diverse learning activities and practical project involvement such as lectures, courses, and workshops to give interns the opportunity for self discovery and learning about the semiconductor industry and technologies.

Outstanding interns were given advance o ers to TSMC upon graduation, contributing to the success of both the students and the Company.

In 2022, TSMC welcomed 639 interns through the DNA Internship Program, of which 31% (195 interns) were female students.

After the internship, 226 interns were evaluated as outstanding and received advance o ers, accounting for 35% of total interns.

In compliance with local regulations, TSMC hired a total of 443 employees with mild or moderate disabilities, and 109 employees with severe disabilities.

In light of the rapid growth of the number of employees, TSMC has also vigorously recruited disabled personnel.

In 2022, the Company organized two recruitment brie ng sessions for disabled personnel and added job vacancy announcement channels to reach more potential talents.

In 2023, TSMC expects to join forces with school resource centers and government employment service centers to increase the recruitment of disabled talents.

The Company also plans to launch a workplace experience camp for disabled interns, helping TSMC in restructuring speci c job positions for the disabled.

Furthermore, disabled interns with outstanding performances will be hired as permanent employees.

VisEra also provided vacancies for disabled candidates.

However, due to the nature of job vacancies, VisEra received a dearth of suitable applicants, leading to its failure to meet minimum requirement of 1% and has paid subsidies according to legal regulation.

World changing innovation relies on diverse perspectives and ideas.

To foster ongoing innovations in the semiconductor industry, TSMC has invested resources to proactively attract female technological talents to join the industry.

In 2022, the inaugural female career sharing and interview session was held, inviting female senior executives and engineers from elds related to technology to interact with female engineering college students and graduate students through the lecture titled Explore Your Boundless Potential in the Nanometer World.

Through career experience sharing, the students could understand the work and life of female employees at TSMC, as well as gain insights into their career development paths.

The lecture was combined with Q As and one on one interviews to help female students explore suitable jobs, as well as increase TSMC's female employment rates.

The event saw the participation of 107 students, of which 67 received one on one interviews.

Eventually, 32 people were hired, who will certainly demonstrate their expertise and con dence in the professional eld of semiconductors in the future.

To sustain the Company's diversi ed talent pool and recruit talent in special elds, TSMC continues to recruit overseas talent around the world.

In terms of industry academia cooperation, TSMC has closely maintained long term connections with MIT, Stanford University, UC Berkeley, Tokyo University, and other prestigious universities around the world to incubate top research talents and ensure early engagement with global talents for future recruitment.

In addition to recruiting semiconductor professionals in major cities in the U.S., Singapore, and Malaysia, TSMC has also expanded its scope to include European IT talents, attracting new talents via online brie ngs and physical recruitment activities.

To help foreign employees quickly adapt to the new environment, TSMC o ers assistance for relocation and settlement including exclusive newcomer orientation, subsidies for learning Chinese, and rewards for receiving Chinese certi cates, so as to encourage foreign employees to assimilate into the workplace and environment of Taiwan.

In addition, TSMC also invites foreign employees and their families to join exclusive groups such as the Formosa Cultural Society and Indian Culture Research Society.

The Company also holds cultural festivals such as Thanksgiving and Indian Diwali etc., to increase mutual communication.

In 2022, 21 people applied for a Chinese training subsidy, and the total subsidy amount was NT 303,737.

To expand global talent recruitment, TSMC visited Singapore and Malaysia in 2022 to communicate with diverse engineering talent in the local area.

Three recruitment sessions and four face to face interviews were held to let local talent gain more insight into the semiconductor industry and TSMC.

In total, 56 people participated in the interviews, and 12 accepted TSMC's o er for internships or permanent employment.

Besides recruitment activities, TSMC also visited the National University of Singapore, Nanyang Technological University, University of Malaya, and Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman to meet with engineering professors, hoping to promote TSMC's internship program and industry academia collaboration by strengthening campus relations, thereby establishing long term partnerships, cultivating future talent, and introducing innovative energy into the semiconductor industry.

In 2021, TSMC introduced the Engagement Survey, created using WTW's High Performing Employee Experience Model as a blueprint, to systematically learn about employees' experiences at work and analyze the Company's advantages and opportunities to formulate improvement measures.

In 2022, three improvement measures were completed.

Establish an open style management system and foster a workplace of mutual respect.

Encourage employees to speak up and encourage management to be open to suggestions and make appropriate responses.

Unleash employees' potential, allowing them to enjoy work and learn and grow continuously to garner a tremendous sense of belonging and achievement.

In addition to cash rewards, non monetary incentives are also used to motivate and retain talent.

Held CEO's communication meetings in Hsinchu, Taichung, and Tainan, and expanded the scope of labor management meetings by adding Silicon Garden Meeting to each organization.

Representatives were selected through peer voting, while suggestions and ideas could be submitted anonymously through representatives.

Launched physical and online courses complemented by diverse learning resources such as internal external learning platforms to let colleagues enjoy learning at work.

Launched WeCare Survey and regular questionnaire surveys to care about new hires.

Retention interviews were also carried out for groups at risk of resignation in a bid to improve problems promptly.

TSMC provides competitive compensation packages to attract and retain the best talent, as well as reward employee performance and encourage long term contribution.

Besides referring to market information of selected benchmark companies and compensation survey reports, the Company also reviews market information on compensation data of the whole industry for competitiveness analysis to develop the most e ective compensation strategies.

TSMC's compensation package includes a base salary, allowances, cash bonuses, and pro t sharing schemes.

In 2022, the average annual compensation of a newly graduated TSMC engineer with a master's degree at Taiwan fabs and VisEra was higher than NT 2 million.

The average compensation of direct laborers was higher than NT 1 million, which is four times the minimum monthly wages in Taiwan.

Compared with the previous year, Taiwan fabs experienced year on year growth in 2022 in terms of the number of full time employees, average salary, and median salary.

In addition to cash basis compensation, starting from 2022, regular employees of TSMC and its 100% owned subsidiaries may participate in the Global Employee Stock Purchase Program.

TSMC o ers a 15% stock purchase subsidy to encourage colleagues to purchase company stocks and participate in the Company's long term success.

A total of 70% of colleagues worldwide participate in the program.

In recent years, TSMC has continued to grow in revenue and pro t. The Company has increased total compensation and bene ts for employees from around NT 108.2 billion to NT 239.5 billion between 2018 and 2022, and average compensation and bene ts for every employee from NT 2.21 million to NT 3.25 million during the same period.

According to the Engagement Survey conducted in 2021, 81% of colleagues believe that the Company provides reasonable overall rewards and compensation.

This result is better than that of global high performance companies (67%) and high tech companies (66%) participating in WTW Global's survey, indicating that besides o ering competitive compensation in the market, TSMC's rewards are also recognized by colleagues as being reasonable.

In 2022, TSMC's revenue and pro t reached a new record high yet again.

The cash bonuses and pro t sharing schemes allocated for Taiwan fabs were valued at NT 121.4 billion, and the annual salary adjustment for 2022 also took place as planned.

The incentive program of TSMC facilities in Taiwan is implemented over two years.

Cash bonuses are paid quarterly to provide timely incentives and pro t sharing is paid annually in the following year to encourage long term service and continuous contribution.

The incentive programs of overseas regions are designed in consideration of local cultures and markets and are given out through annual cash bonuses or long term one to three year schemes.

In 2022, the median total compensation of TSMC employees globally (excluding pension and other bene ts) was approximately NT 2.33 million, which was 1 276 of the CEO's total compensation.

The median of the CEO's annual total compensation percentage increase and the annual average total compensation percentage increase was around 3.4:1.

Exchange, TSMC started, in 2020, to disclose the number of full time employees in non executive positions, their average and median compensation, as well as respective di erences in compensation from the previous year.

The numbers are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the Taiwan Stock Exchange, which excludes executive o cers (managers) and employees eligible for exemption.

TSMC believes that the long term ownership of company shares by corporate o cers helps align their interests with those of all shareholders therefore, the Company formulated the Corporate O cer Shareholding Guidelines in 2020.

The required value for the Chairman, CEO, and other corporate o cers' holding of TSMC shares is proportional to their annual base salary.

O cers shall achieve the required value within three years of their appointment and maintain the required value for the entire period of their employment.

TSMC's policies, systems, standards, and structures pertinent to the compensation of executive o cers are stipulated and assessed by the independent Compensation and People Development Committee, including monthly salaries, quarterly performance bonuses, and compensation paid based on annual pro t conditions.

If necessary, sign on bonuses will be o ered to attract critical talent.

Since 2021, TSMC has o ered Employee Restricted Stock Awards for corporate executives and critical talents to link their compensation with shareholders' interests and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance.

In 2021 and 2022, the Employee Restricted Stock Awards Rules were stipulated please refer to 4.6.1 Status of Employee Restricted Stock in the Company's 2022 annual report.

According to laws and regulations, proposals related to the compensation of the Company and executive o cers must be submitted to the Compensation and People Development Committee for deliberation and forwarded to the Board of Directors for resolution.

Matters requiring the approval of the shareholders' meeting will take e ect after the proposed resolutions has been presented at the shareholders' meeting and a vote has been conducted in accordance with legal procedures.

In addition to the aforementioned compensation policy, TSMC also provides a retirement policy that is better than the statutory requirements of Labor Standards Act to ensure future viability of executive o cers' retirement bene ts.

Furthermore, in response to the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, TSMC will formulate a claw back policy for the compensation of executive o cers in 2023 to enhance corporate governance and ensure the Company's nancial integrity.

TSMC provides breastfeeding and breast milk collection rooms to support the breast milk collection needs of female employees.

Besides, providing parental leave in accordance with local laws and regulations for employees after childbirth, the Company also o ers a comprehensive leave management system so that employees have exibility in making use of their vacation days to take care of their children.

In addition, TSMC launched the TSMC Child Care Bene t Program in 2022 to help employees balance their personal and work needs.

In 2022, a total of 672 employees in TSMC's Taiwan fabs and VisEra applied for unpaid parental leave.

The expected number of employees to return from parental leave for the year was 710, of which 589 employees returned on time or ahead of time, achieving an 83% return to work rate.

As for the retention rate after returning, of the 445 employees who returned to work in 2021, a total of 375 remained at TSMC as of the end of 2022, achieving an 84.3% retention rate.

In 2022, the number of employees in TSMC's Taiwan fabs and VisEra aged between 20 and 64 accounted for 0.43% of Taiwan's population of the same age group.

Power to Change Society employees' newborns was 2,368, which was 1.7% of the total number of newborns in Taiwan, an example of the Company's outstanding bene ts in mitigating the impact of sub replacement fertility in Taiwan.

TSMC established its statutory de ned bene t plan and supervisory committee of labor retirement reserve according to the Labor Standards Act, and also set up its statutory de ned contribution plan according to the Labor Pension Act, which was e ective starting July 1, 2005.

For each region, TSMC also established pension plans according to local standards and regulations.

The previously mentioned supervisory committee not only holds quarterly meetings but also supervises a airs in connection with labor's retirement reserve fund.

To meet legal requirements for disclosure of nancial reporting and ensure su cient funding levels, TSMC makes contributions based statutory requirement and also engages an actuarial consulting rm to assess the valuation of the de ned bene t plan.

Please refer to Please refer to page 43 46 of the attached nancial report in the Company's 2022 annual report for details.

Thanks to the Company's sound nancial condition, it is able to ensure the future viability employees' retirement bene ts and solid pension contributions and payments, which encourages employees to make long term career plans with and further deepen their commitment to TSMC.

To assist new employees to retain their jobs and quickly t into the workplace, orientation training was launched in 2022 for newcomers who have worked for at least four months but less than one year.

Workplace and the online broadcast Soft Power in the Workplace were launched.

In total, 17 sessions of Success for Newcomers in the Workplace were conducted with 501 participants, achieving a post class evaluation score of 97 points.

For Soft Power in the Workplace, professional psychological counselors were invited to share with new employees how to regulate stress, adopt a growth mindset, as well as coping methods for challenges and setbacks based on their personal experience.

Nearly 1,300 people participated in the program, achieving an average post class evaluation score of 94 points.

In addition to training, the WeCare Survey was launched in August 2022 to help new colleagues adapt to the workplace within one year of joining the Company.

The survey includes dimensions such as self e cacy, role clarity, social interaction, and understanding of the culture.

Feedback is collected regularly every month and systematically analyzed to provide necessary assistance on time.

After a pilot run of ve months, the adaptability assessment score of new employees increased from 7.4 to 7.9 points.

Since October of the same year, direct supervisors can use the online dashboard to keep track of the progress of new employees.

In 2023, TSMC expects to launch the online robot Bonnie, which can quickly answer new colleagues' questions and help them integrate into company life seamlessly.

To ensure talent mobility and long term growth, TSMC believes that a healthy employee turnover rate should be between 5 and 10%.

In 2022, the total turnover rate was 6.7%, or 0.1 percentage points lower than that of 2021.

The new hire turnover rate ( 1 year) was 15.0%, or 2.6% lower than that of 2021, indicating that new employee care measures implemented in 2022, such as the WeCare Survey, new employee orientation training, etc., helped retain employees.

Besides encouraging colleagues to learn constantly and unleash their talents, TSMC also emphasizes the cultivation of their skills and ongoing development.

Consequently, the Company integrates internal and external resources to provide employees with a world class workplace as well as challenging, meaningful, and interesting jobs.

In addition, the TSMC Employee Training and Education Procedures have been formulated.

In 2022, the TSMC Talent Development Model was formulated to materialize the two major strategies of Equipping Employees with Future Capabilities as well as Unleashing Employees' Potential and Innovation based on core attributes, in turn developing an ability based learning program and a diverse and versatile learning approach.

Complemented by various training and development programs at all levels, the Company aims to equip colleagues with capabilities that will be needed in the future in advance, actively implement comprehensive talent pipeline management, and enable employees to engage in lifelong learning with goals, plan and discipline, thereby becoming a force to uplift the society.

To accommodate the needs of operational growth, TSMC values the pre training of employee capabilities and talent pipeline management.

This is to ensure that when there is a mission, positions can be lled with suitable talent immediately to support the Company's rapid development.

In 2022, 88 new organizations were added and the review of talent pipeline for fab directors directors reached 69%.

Through the talent pipeline, the Company can systematically formulate a detailed talent development plan, focus on operational needs, and complete the Company's talent pool.

To take fab director talent as an example, the one year Operations People Development Program (OPDP) emphasizes the four major learning themes of Problem Solving, Strategic Thinking, Systems Thinking, and Change Management.

Through group learning, application case studies, experience sharing by vice presidents and senior fab directors, as well as mentoring and other plans, TSMC strives to enhance the knowledge of fab directors and train all round talent.

In terms of manager talent pipeline management, the updated New Manager Program was launched in 2022.

The program was attended by 1,255 persons, achieving a participation rate of 97% and a cumulative total of 7,300 person times.

The Operation Engineers Training Committee (OETC) also plans training for engineers with di erent jobs and levels, builds capability stages and learning roadmaps, and provides courses in regulations, technology, management, and personal e ectiveness to equip employees with the necessary skills for future development.

The program was attended by 48,000 persons, achieving a participation rate of 100% and a cumulative total of 380,000 attendees.

The TSMC Capability Model centers on the Core Attributes to de ne Functional Capabilities according to the characteristics of each organization.

General Capabilities and Leadership Capabilities necessary for employees are also developed.

These are divided into two categories, Managing Work and Managing People Organization, and they are further divided into three levels: basic, intermediate, and advanced.

This is complemented by organizational development diagnosis to o er a series of learning and development plans.

By applying the 70 20 10 rule, TSMC provides employees with speci c development needs in three dimensions: Experience Learning, Feedback and Guidance, and Education and Training.

Also, in combination with blended learning, employees are encouraged to apply the learning results to work and life in order to improve their performance and self e cacy.

As the number of employees continues to increase along with the diversi cation of the workforce structure and composition, the management's responsiveness and functional development must also continue to evolve.

TSMC has consolidated the 70 20 10 rule and the blended learning model to design a revised new manager training course to guide new managers in applying it to their work via three steps.

Furthermore, real time adjustments are implemented in response to feedback to optimize management skills at work on an ongoing basis.

Please refer to TSMC's Diverse Learning Models Bolster Talent Development for more details.

Thanks to plenty of practical case studies, exercises, and feedback from lecturers and peers in the revised course, I can re ect and make progress.

When I encounter problems, I can apply this know how quickly to resolve them.

TSMC conducts talent development based on the TSMC Capability Model and designs learning courses based on grade and expertise.

In 2022, training and development plans for employees at all levels were completed and launched progressively.

TSMC o ers a wide range of learning resources to provide colleagues with learning content and approaches that cater to the needs of individuals and organizations, hoping to improve their work performance and self worth and engender a positive impact on the Company and society.

In 2022, face to face and online training were launched along with internal and external learning platforms, and employees' average annual learning hours reached 69.5 hours, an increase of 42% compared with the previous year.

The total training cost was NT 968 million, equivalent to NT 13,000 per employee, an increase of 5.6 times relative to the year before.

TSMC measures the outcome using the four levels of evaluation of the Kirkpatrick Model: reaction, learning, behavior, and results.

In 2022, TSMC conducted reactive evaluations for all courses hosted by Organization Planning and Development O ce.

The course design, lecturers, administrative services, and overall satisfaction level were evaluated.

Employees gave a score of 96 for their overall recommendations.

In terms of course e ectiveness, learning and behavior evaluations were completed for the majority of on the job training held at the organization level, allowing learners to understand and apply the training to work the outcome evaluation was based on the sta performance management and development system, demonstrating the training bene ts by achieving the performance goals.

The e ectiveness of trainees' learning is assessed via tests, practices, exercises, homework, action plans, etc.

TSMC's growth is closely tied to the learning and development of employees.

Besides education and training courses that have signi cant relevance to professional technology and functions, the Company applies skills as the foundation of development in order to cultivate employees' knowledge on an ongoing basis and strengthen the awareness of self learning.

Combined with the internal learning manual and external learning platform, TSMC launched more than 16,000 diverse learning resources including online micro classes, audio visual storytelling, reading articles, and special broadcasts for colleagues to choose from at will.

In 2022, over 152,279 colleagues partook in the program, accumulating 14,413 learning hours and achieving an overall satisfaction score of 93 points for the internal learning resources.

Talent is one of TSMC's key strategies for bolstering its competitiveness, and internal instructors have become an important impetus for facilitating the Company's talent cultivation through the sharing of personal knowledge and experience.

Established 16 years ago, the Excellent Instructor Award has recognized excellent internal instructors each year, hosting Trainer Power Up Camp, inviting external trainers to share knowledge in the training eld at the same time, encouraging other outstanding employees to join the ranks of our instructors and share their knowledge and experience for more e cient training.

In 2022, TSMC employees were trained over 300,000 times cumulatively with the help of over 1,680 internal instructors.

As senior employees of TSMC, we are obligated to pass on the experience and heritage to uphold TSMC's technological leadership.

For me, being a trainer entails sharing my experience with trainees the enthusiastic feedback of trainees enables me to examine my work and teaching from diverse angles and perspectives.

TSMC adopts the RBA Code of Conduct and the UNGPs approved by the United Nations Human Rights Council to manage the human rights issues of its operations, suppliers, and business partners, as well as formulate the Human Rights Policy.

Furthermore, TSMC abides by the local laws and regulations of the global regions in which it operates and stipulates clear implementation guidelines for various human rights concerns in an e ort to minimize human rights risks.

TSMC regards the Human Rights Policy as the overarching principle of human rights governance and aligns with international sustainability practices.

Labor Rights, Environmental Rights, dimensions Voice Participation, Gender Equality, Product Development, Advertising, Use of Products Services, and Governance Security is complemented by a human rights risk matrix to identify salient human rights issues along the two with 99 indicators.

In 2022, TSMC launched the survey of salient human rights issues using the UNDP's human rights framework.

A total of 73 managers and colleagues participated in the identi cation of human rights issues the members included ESG committee members, the heads of sustainability reports of various organizations, and ESG representatives.

The importance and impact of various human rights indicators on TSMC and its value chain were measured from a cross organizational perspective.

Based on the investigation results, 11 salient human rights issues were identi ed along with the targets that are impacted by the issues, including TSMC employees, employees of suppliers, employees of contractors, customers, and the community.

In 2023, TSMC will use these results to build a cross unit human rights taskforce, which will follow the UNGPs framework to conduct due diligence, perform risk investigation and assessment, implement mitigation and remedial measures, launch human rights education and training, as well as disclose human rights management progress and goals to stakeholders.

Operations managers on site are jointly responsible with senior executives in HR, Information Technology, Materials Management Risk Management, and Legal.

The senior executive in HR is responsible for reporting major human rights topics in TSMC to the management team.

The HR Organization's Human Rights Operation Center is responsible for human rights topics of daily relevance to employees and ensuring the Company meets RBA or higher standards by compiling and carrying out the Measures for Human Resources Management System and the Internal Control Procedures for Human Resource Management System.

The IT Supply Chain Management Section of the Information Technology and Materials Management Risk Management organization are responsible for all human rights issues related to suppliers and for managing the issues by compiling and carrying out TSMC Supplier Code of Conduct.

New employees, indigenous peoples, women, migrant workers, contract employees, disabled workers, etc.

Move up the date to draw lots for the use of childcare facilities.

In 2022, TSMC launched a wide range of human rights protection training programs on fab ESH, emergency response, rst aid training, and a friendly workplace.

TSMC o ered a total of 205,342.1 training hours to 70,008 employees, which was 95.7% of all TSMC employees.

A total of 190,312 employees attended the human rights protection training programs.

Furthermore, TSMC launched the TSMC Human Rights Policy: Say No to Sexual Harassment and Build Up a Friendly Workplace training program, which saw the participation of 63,550 employees and achieved a 100% pass rate for the post class test.

Human Rights Protection Training due diligence in compliance with the RBA Code of Conduct to ensure that TSMC either meets or exceeds the standard.

TSMC uses the RBA SAQ as a template to identify the practices, risks, and management systems of the four major aspects of labor, health and safety, environment, and ethics in business operations.

In 2022, all TSMC fabs in Taiwan scored 88 or more on the SAQ, which quali es as Low Risk (85 or higher is considered Low Risk).

To comply with customer requests, TSMC also commissioned a third party institute to carry out the RBA VAP for seven TSMC fabs, which all received full marks on the VAP.

The complete audit report will be disclosed to customers and related stakeholders on RBA Online.

To protect the human rights of employees, TSMC has constructed a robust system for employee feedback that includes face to face communication meetings, employee opinion surveys, Silicon Garden Meeting, and various employee feedback channels such as employee suggestion boxes, the Ombudsman System managed directly by a senior executive appointed by the CEO, the whistleblower procedures, and the Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System available to external parties on the TSMC website.

Employees may express their opinions through any of the aforementioned channels, and the Company can also respond to the opinions collected as well as conduct necessary interviews and investigations.

In 2022, TSMC's internal communication channels handled a total of 4,818 cases of employee opinions and complaints, including 19 through the Sexual Harassment Investigation Committee, 251 through the Ombudsman System, one through the Whistleblower Procedures, and 83 cases through the Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System.

All cases reported by employees were processed and addressed immediately and con dentially.

The Sexual Harassment Investigation Committee veri ed 14 cases of sexual harassment the perpetrating employees were punished according to the severity of the situation, and the informers were o ered assistance programs including but not limited to psychological counseling.

Note 2: Cases reported through the Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System are from external parties and internal employees what constitutes sexual harassment in the annual sexual harassment prevention courses.

Moreover, the Company has reinforced the explanation of the new Stalking and Harassment Prevention Act in 2022, reminding employees that continuous or repeated surveillance, observation, stalking, and other behaviors constitute elements of harassment.

There were four violations of business ethics and all employees have been punished or dismissed in compliance with the Company's regulations.

TSMC continues to advocate important business ethics concepts in relevant training programs.

In 2022, 67,922 employees participated in the annual business ethics and regulatory compliance training (including Personal Data Protection Act related contents), achieving a 99.9% completion rate.

To create a communicative workplace and enforce an open style management system, o er diverse internal communication channels, and respect employees' freedom of association, TSMC fabs in Taiwan regularly host labor management meetings for 89.9% of the Company's global employees in compliance with local laws and regulations.

TSMC management appoints a representative to explain recent developments in TSMC operations to employee representatives.

At the meetings, management and employee representatives discuss topics of concern in an attempt to strengthen communication between management and employees.

In 2022, to promptly listen to the voices of employees, on top of the 13 existing fabs, TSMC went beyond legal requirements and subdivided non fab colleagues into ten labor management meetings with Organizations as the unit.

Furthermore, the labor management meetings were renamed Silicon Garden Meetings to bring the Company and employees closer, and electronic voting was implemented to elect representatives from various organizations.

Additionally, a feedback channel for Silicon Garden Meetings has also been created, allowing employees to entrust organization representatives to voice their opinions at labor management meetings and convey their suggestions 24 hours a day.

Such information is sent to the relevant units through the system immediately for them to respond.

To realize the Human Rights Policy, TSMC has implemented the VAP of the RBA in all fabs.

The Human Rights Related Issues have reached the faultless level as well as better governance and training on zero sexual harassment, zero workplace bullying, work hour management, human rights of disabled employees, and proprietary information protection.

TSMC launched new training programs on Say No to Workplace Harassment, Workplace Bullying, and Proprietary Information Protection in 2022 to educate management and employees about human rights.

TSMC will also assemble a task force of experts to inspect processes and advise better practices for a concrete work plan on annual human rights protection plans from 2023 to 2030.

TSMC upholds the mission of Safety and Zero Accidents to monitor safety and health topics, develop digital disaster prevention measures, as well as control and monitor safety and health related risks through arti cial intelligence to build the best healthy workplace.

Internally, the Corporate ESH Division is responsible for formulating the company level occupational safety and health management strategies and targets.

Through a clear division of labor between various organizations within the Company, the division is in charge of promoting safety and health at all levels.

Furthermore, the Occupational Safety and Health Committee convenes regularly to make sure safety and health management control are implemented in di erent fabs in a bid to promote the health of workers.

Externally, the Company collaborates with industry, government, academia, and supplier contractor partners to prevent and lower the impact of occupational disasters, as well as to improve the safe and healthy work environment of the industry chain.

TSMC's Fab 12B Phase 8, Fab 18B Phase 1 to 3, and Advanced Backend Fab 6, which were completed in 2021, obtained ISO 45001 certi cation for occupational safety and health management system and TOSHMS certi cation in 2022.

The remaining fabs and TSMC (China), TSMC (Nanjing), WaferTech, and VisEra have all obtained ISO 45001 certi cation.

At the same time, fabs in Taiwan will apply for separate TOSHMS certi cations, where workers are requested to observe the management regulations through the management system.

In response to the continuation of the COVID 19 pandemic, pandemic prevention policies including stringent access control, reporting, and rapid case investigation mechanisms were proposed to reduce manpower and case investigation time, as well as to control group activities.

Furthermore, bene ts such as employee vaccination or family care leave were established, and a group operation model was adopted based on the content and needs of the work involved.

During the peak period of the pandemic, the maximum single day manpower loss was controlled below 2.9% to maintain normal operations.

In 2022, the number of contractors visiting TSMC reached a new record of 49,628 people per day.

In light of the improving pandemic situation and to commend outstanding contractors, supervisors, and industrial safety personnel, TSMC hosted a Communication Meeting for ESH Supervisors of Contractors.

Moreover, the latest revision of the Blue Book for Contractors' Safety, Health and Environmental Protection was published to help contractors further understand safety and health codes, so as to strive towards the target of zero incidents and zero occupational accidents.

Kept up to date with the latest regulations, tracked compliance in all fabs, and issued 11 changes to safety and health regulations In response to demands for overseas expansion, new facilities for the U.S. and Japan are currently in the construction stage.

Continued to promote safety and health training to ensure all employees and contractors have passed related training.

Training records are digitalized for record keeping to comply with safety and health regulations and emergency response needs.

Three dangerous operations including wall demolition, high pressure waterjet, and electricity opening were added to the contractor's industrial safety certi cation training program NEW All of TSMC's workers have completed hazard noti cation education Newly added hours of emergency response training and safety and health education for middle aged and elderly workers to enhance their safety awareness.

Conducted workplace hazard identi cation, safety and health management plans, workplace analysis, workplace observation and operational safety analysis, and health management analysis for employees and contractors.

Continued to reinforce the re protection of wet process machines.

All new chemicals underwent safety review processes before entering facilities.

Created a cross fab CCTV platform in Taiwan and a phone application that utilizes the emergency digital evacuation and roll call system.

Note 3: Hazard Identi cation and Assessment: Foster a safety culture where employees and the Company protect each other and encourage employees to speak up and o er suggestions for occupational safety.

Following the TSMC Safety and Health Policy, TSMC has implemented the following health and safety measures and used the Safety Performance Index (SPI) to track performance.

TSMC has strengthened employees' safety and health awareness through training, hoping to minimize the impact of unsafe environments or conduct.

An analysis of employee disabling injury statistics reveals that most injuries are caused by insu cient safety awareness and failure to implement management regulations.

To enhance safety culture, experts were commissioned to conduct a safety culture investigation in 2022, helping to identify the direction and improvement measures.

Safety culture is the consensus among workers on safety awareness, emphasis, and belief in the workplace, and it is also the foundation of a safe and healthy workplace.

In 2022, TSMC commissioned a professional international safety culture consulting rm to design a questionnaire based on four aspects: teamwork, safety communication, safety values, and organizational trust.

Focusing on plants with a disabling injury frequency rate and a disabling severity rate that have fallen below the Company average for three consecutive years, a frontend wafer processing plant and a backend chip packaging plant were chosen via sampling.

The survey targets included colleagues of production and non production units, covering di erent genders, age groups, seniorities, and grades a total of 2,568 questionnaires were sent out, and 1,776 valid questionnaires were retrieved, resulting in a response rate of 69.2%.

According to the analysis outcome, TSMC's safety culture was given a score of 4.8 points, indicating the Company is transitioning from being compliant to incorporating safety awareness into our values .

The top three topics of concern among the colleagues were intrinsically safe work environment, comprehensive and transparent safety related reporting procedures, and a team culture of looking out for each other .

The most recognized measures were feeling the management's high level of safety concern, quick adoption of improvement measures, ongoing work environment optimization, and understanding the importance of employees' physical and mental health The least satis ed aspects were the supervisor fails to proactively communicate safety related topics, the employees believe that they do not have the proper ability to cope with management related contingencies, the Company is advised to provide more safety awareness training.

To respond to the colleagues' topics of concern, the emphasis in 2023 will be placed on reinforcing employees' day to day safety awareness, safety communication, and developing diverse safety awareness training.

Corporate ESH Division will identify potential risks in the workplace and design bespoke safety and health training programs design Safety Moment programs to train seed personnel from various units publish new safety related knowledge every month to elevate everyone's safety awareness demand various departments to hold monthly workplace safety and health related problem discussions, where the seed personnel will report improvement suggestions back to the Corporate ESH Division in a bid to establish a company wide safety culture.

TSMC Safety Performance Index (SPI) is classified into four levels, including active and passive indices.

The active indices encourage employees to participate in health and safety activities while the passive index shows the number of safety related failures, false alarms, etc.

To implement the improvement measures for the prevention of false alarms, if the same false alarm occurs repeatedly in the same year, additional points will be deducted from the SPI.

In 2022, blue light indices (excellent) increased by 10.1% from 2021 to 86%.

The main improvement in the passive indices was reflected in the decrease in false alarms from 28 incidents in the previous years to 17 incidents this year, and the incident rate per 1,000 employees was reduced to 0.145 from 0.252 in 2021.

When a false alarm occurs, in addition to applying the 3L5W (Three Legged Five Whys) Tool to conduct an investigation, the Company also interviews relevant personnel, analyzes and inspects the equipment, and tests the materials using the false alarm reporting and investigation procedure.

Relevant documents and records are checked, or the scene is reconstructed to identify the direct, indirect, and fundamental cause of the incident to actively discover improvement opportunities and prevent similar incidents from occurring again.

Note: Starting from 2020, the incident rate per thousand individuals entering TSMC includes employees and contractors.

Note: Historical incidents by type per thousand individuals entering TSMC include employees and contractors.

Three incidents were caused by damaged gas early warning alarm components, and three incidents were caused by workers who did not observe the gas cylinder replacement procedures.

Construction site safety management is conducted through the three strategies of risk identi cation, management support, and execution review.

The digital transformation of occupational safety and health training is implemented, where relevant programs are launched by the TSMC Supplier Sustainability Academy.

In particular, high risk operation contractors must complete 100% of the training before entering the fabs to begin construction.

The safety design of the cleaning tank must include low liquid level detectors and overheat detectors that are not controlled by the process.

When the detectors are activated, they should be able to automatically turn o the heater when the overheat detector circuit is open and faulty, it should be regarded as an alarm, and the heater is automatically turned o .

To enhance the implementation of the construction personnel's safety regulations, minimize inattention related occupational disasters, and improve inspection manpower allocation and time consuming problems, TSMC has joined forces with National Chung Hsing University's Department of Management Information Systems in 2021 to develop Arti cial Intelligence (AI) Job Hazard Analysis Technology, integrating existing emergency response 4G cameras in the fabs with a wired or wireless network to transmit live images, apply intelligent identi cation technology to identify environmental and operational risks, as well as integrate big data computing and machine learning to monitor high risk workplaces.

The Emergency Response Center personnel can monitor safety blind spots via live images around the clock.

When construction workers operating in high risk areas exhibit unsafe behaviors or nd themselves in an unsafe environment, text messages or the public address system can be used to report the problem to TSMC project managers and Emergency Response Center, demanding the contractor to make immediate improvements.

The contractor may only resume construction after it has passed re inspection.

In 2022, the AI job hazard analysis technology was used in Fab 15A to monitor 1,402 ceiling operations, where three unsafe contractor behaviors were discovered in time during the test process to prevent occupational injuries.

Besides the ceiling, AI job hazard analysis technologies will be developed for other high risk workplaces.

The technology will be introduced to various fabs, and it will be standard equipment for new fabs.

Considering the diverse applications of AI technology, TSMC formed an internal image recognition development and review platform in 2022 to consolidate all AI image recognition system developments.

Units with image recognition needs can search and utilize the application resources that have already been developed on this platform to expand the scope and depth of disaster prevention technology.

Disclosure of occupational accidents is based on the Occupational Safety and Health Act and important disabling injury indicators issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), which uses Disabling Severity Rate (SR) and Disabling Injury Frequency Rate (FR) as primary indicators.

In 2022, there were 35 disabling injuries among employees with 385 workdays lost.

Of these, 21 cases of disabling injuries among men resulted in the loss of 251 workdays, and 14 cases of disabling injuries among women resulted in the loss of 134 workdays.

Men su ered from a higher number of work related disabling injuries and workdays lost than women.

The types of injuries were mostly falls and impact injuries, mainly caused by accidental collisions due to poor route design or failure to pay attention to people in front when using trolleys or tripping injuries caused by the improper placement of materials when conducting machine maintenance operations.

Mostly caused by colleagues using trolleys in the 6 and 8 fabs.

Therefore, trolley routes and placement locations continue to be planned according to the operations involved, re ectors are installed in areas prone to collisions, and colleagues who voluntarily report incidents are rewarded.

Unsafe environments were improved and quarterly communication meetings were conducted in the manufacturing department to promote preventive safety awareness using di erent themes.

Mostly caused by missing a step in the clean room or tripping over objects during machine maintenance.

Consequently, the 6S standard for maintenance processes has been formulated, including guidelines for placing relevant components, materials, and covers during machine maintenance, as well as rules for xing extension cords and trolleys.

Note: Data includes TSMC fabs in Taiwan, TSMC (China), TSMC (Nanjing) injuries, disabilities, or deaths of workers caused by buildings, machinery, equipment, raw materials, materials, chemicals, gases, vapors, dust, etc., at the place of duty, or as a result of work activities, or due to other occupational causes.

In 2022, the contractor disabling injury frequency rate (FR) and disabling severity rate (SR) were higher compared to 2021.

This was mostly attributed to unsafe behaviors such as a lack of safety awareness or failure to follow SOPs.

Please refer to the Safety Performance Index for relevant improvement measures.

TSMC's comprehensive health management encompasses worker health promotion, health check ups, care, and occupational disease prevention.

These measures aim to control the work environment and personnel health risks to attain a work life balance.

To protect the physical and mental health of employees, TSMC has hired professional medical sta including 2 physicians, 122 nurses, and 7 psychologists in the fabs in Taiwan and China.

A total of 1,743 services were provided by contracted labor health physicians.

Held online health walk challenges and weight control competitions, which saw the participation of 15,260 and 6,693 people, respectively.

According to the World Health Organization's statistics on the top ten causes of death, cerebrovascular diseases, heart diseases and cancer are the primary causes of disability and death.

To enhance employees' health care, besides implementing health checks that comply with laws and regulations in TSMC fabs in Taiwan and Nanjing, the Company also collaborated with hospitals in 2022 to provide employees with advanced imaging examinations for cerebrovascular disease, heart disease, cancer (intestine lung breast), and other diseases by applying a standard that is superior to regulations, hoping to adopt a more proactive approach to detect abnormalities in advance and assist employees to receive early treatment.

Moreover, the inspection results are combined with personal work hazards and applied to the physical and mental health management plan to actively mitigate employees' health risks.

In 2022, 46,672 people received health check ups, and for those who have abnormal results, all immediate assisted them back to hospitals for recheck and further treatment.

In 2022, TSMC's safety and health management measures were extended to all workers including employees, contractors, suppliers, and construction site contractors.

Furthermore, two major measures Environmental Safety Protection and Labor Physical and Mental Care were implemented for work sites.

First of all, technological tools were introduced to manage construction site safety and address environmental risks, and prevent personnel from being exposed to unsafe environments.

Second, the emphasis is on people, where health and screening services have been extended to construction sites, and a care group has been formed to protect the safety and health of contractors in the fab construction.

Use the health management system for high risk construction groups to identify personnel with high health risk.

TSMC remains committed to building a safe and healthy workplace where each task is assessed repeatedly through risk identi cation.

Furthermore, the Company collaborates with occupational disease physicians and external experts by following the disk identi cation method to uncover ve major potential risk factors of occupational diseases (chemical, physical, ergonomic, biological, and social mental) and design preventive measures accordingly.

In total, 11,939 employees in the Taiwan fabs received advanced imaging examinations, of which 1,997 were classi ed as moderately or highly abnormal.

Employees were helped to receive re examination and health education based on the degree of their abnormality.

Of these, 508 people who refused re examination were given health guidance via physician interviews, telephone interviews, or written reviews.

Furthermore, 55 people were required to limit work hours or adjust work content according to the doctor's order, and work distribution has been facilitated.

Work hours of employees were tracked every month to manage 6,212 people with medium high health risks, and make sure that they comply with the doctor's orders.

Health guidance was arranged for 1,757 people through approaches such as doctor's interviews, telephone interviews, or written reviews.

In total, work hours or work content adjustment was implemented for 216 persons.

As a leader in the global semiconductor industry, TSMC continues to collaborate with business partners, industry, and academia, hoping to create a sustainable, healthy workplace and minimize occupational risks.

In 2022, TSMC attended the Joint Steering Committee ESH Working Group of the World Semiconductor Council on behalf of the semiconductor industry in Taiwan to exchange information on safety and health related risk control measures with various industry players, sharing experiences on the use of chemicals with health risks such as Per and poly uoroalkyl substances (PFAS) or N methylpyrrolidone (NMP), and their substitutes.

In addition, TSMC is willing to share its experience in promoting a safe and healthy workplace.

TSMC also collaborated with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Ministry of Labor, and the Institute of Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, to compile materials for advanced in service education by combining workplace risk assessment and management theories with practices in 2021.

In 2022, TSMC conducted three training and drill sessions in Northern, Central, and Southern Taiwan.

The participants included 155 safety and health managers from the manufacturing industry, healthcare industry, construction engineering industry, water supply and pollution control industry, transportation and warehousing industry, and professional science and technical service industry, etc.

TSMC receives the highest recognition of the National Occupational Safety and Health Award in various industries can be enhanced in a bid to create a safe and healthy working environment.

In October 2022, TSMC was awarded the National Occupational Safety and Health Award's highest honor, the Enterprise Benchmarking Award.

TSMC continues to advocate a safety culture centered in human, establish an intrinsically safe workplace and promote physical and mental health of workers.

By sharing its experience and collaborating with stakeholders, TSMC reduces the risks of occupational safety and health in the workplace.

As TSMC values construction site safety, the Company vigorously aims to create a localized, people oriented workplace, hiring only employees of local nationality.

Since the start of a new construction project, a construction site safety management organization is formed with the contractors, construction site Occupational Safety and Health Committee, and Safety Management Center.

TSMC rigorously monitors the construction environment using a comprehensive three level management system, requiring contractors to submit a Construction Safety Protection Plan before each construction project, as well as discuss and review safe construction steps through the Safety Management Center and contractor meetings.

In particular, before implementing the six high risk operations, it is necessary to assign dedicated personnel to conduct a pre construction inspection and full time supervision to ensure labor safety.

In 2022, TSMC collaborated with third party safety experts to implement the Construction Safety Management Counseling Project.

Besides conducting on site safety management operation observations and interviewing contractor supervisors in the workplace, the Company also strove to enhance contractors' attitudes towards safety management.

Furthermore, a new project contractor operation safety improvement meeting was held, inviting TSMC's long term contractors to participate in the meeting.

At the same time, the American company DuPont and German company Exyte were invited to share their industry leading safety management experience, encouraging contractors to generate the core value of zero occupational safety accidents .

The Company also required the management team to commit to creating a safety culture that involves full participation.

The primary goal of the fab construction area was to reduce the risk of occupational risks.

The program saw the participation of a total of 49 contractors and 140 personnel.

Continued to compile the ESH Bluebook on Fab Construction.

The content is divided into nine major chapters, totaling 90 operational management related items.

Distributed zero disaster rewards in the fab construction area to engender a sense of honor, and encourage contractors to create a zero disaster work environment together.

The construction management system was integrated with access control and risk matrix grading, dividing operations into three levels according to the content of the operations involved: mild moderate severe.

Priority is given to the identi cation of high risk construction or construction workers with high violation rates.

Carried out safety inspections of high risk tools by professional personnel construction groups, where blood pressure monitoring, on site care, and health education are carried out to implement voluntary health management in conjunction with contractor counselors.

Created an independent QR code at every opening in the construction area for patrolling purposes.

Fitted construction vehicles with intrinsic safety anti collision facilities forklifts, skid steer loaders, and water trucks have been equipped with backup cameras and radar as standard equipment.

Monitored and audited the construction environment of underground pipelines in the construction area.

Committed to uplifting society, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation spotlight the changing social landscape and its needs.

The two foundations integrate and invest internal and external resources to empower young students of all ages, care for remote areas and the disadvantaged, elderly people living alone, and foster art and cultural literacy to lay the foundation for a society with common good, beauty, and kindness.

In line with the TSMC ESG Policy, TSMC actively responds to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and monitors diverse social issues, turning sustainable strategies into concrete actions meanwhile, in reference to the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) formerly known as London Benchmark Group's (LBG) Impact Principles, the Company analyzes the depth (connection, improvement, change) and the type (behavioral or attitudinal change, skills or personal e ectiveness, quality of life or well being) of the impact of overall resources on bene ciaries, so as to ascertain the overall bene t of resources invested, and use it as the basis for optimizing project execution and extending social impact.

In 2022, to continue driving sustainable social development and establish a reliable support network, TSMC collaborated with domestic and overseas R D institutions to expand University Programs and provide assistance to address inadequacies in emergency relief and pandemic relief resources.

Moreover, the Company teamed up with TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation to form a protective shield for underprivileged groups via collaboration between industry, government, and academia.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation is dedicated to empowering youths, guiding female students to explore the eld of science, and enriching cultural heritage.

By joining forces with educational institutions to empower teachers and shape the quality of students, TSMC fosters art recognition and heritage, elevating the spiritual cultivation of the Taiwanese people.

TSMC Charity Foundation has connected rural education with local employment, appealing to employees and charity partners across various industries to support remote townships and seniors living alone to promote lial piety and create a society of common good, where children can grow up, young people can apply their talents, and seniors can retire.

In 2022, TSMC and the two Foundations invested more than NT 1.779 billion in charitable activities.

NT 516 million was used to purchase and donate vaccines to alleviate the urgent domestic demand for vaccines.

TSMC also invested more than NT 1.263 billion into seven major public welfare pillars to promote various projects, listen to, support, and empower stakeholders in the social eld, mainly in the form of resources and services, which accounted for 64.8% of total donations.

In terms of the type of resources invested, TSMC continues to strengthen contributions to commercial initiatives and community investments, hoping to strengthen the relationship with the community by focusing on the Company's core business.

Concerning the UN SDGs, SDG 9 (Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure) accounted for 55.6% of the resources invested during the year, followed by SDG 4 (Quality Education) at 17.3%.

TSMC also paid attention to SDG 3 (Good Health and Well Being), SDG 13 (Climate Action), and SDG 17 (Partnerships for the Goals).

In 2022, despite the COVID 19 pandemic, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation still invested copious resources to organize numerous educational activities as well as arts and cultural events.

We collaborated with educational partners to empower teachers in remote townships, inviting employees to accompany young students to pursue their dreams, inspiring female senior high school students' interests in science, and establishing programs such as Chinese Opera on Campus courses and Peking opera art appreciation micro courses, as well as organizing online arts and cultural activities by capitalizing on the power of science and technology.

A total of NT 100.2 million was invested this year.

For more information on the events and the sponsorships, please refer to the o cial website of TSMC Education and Culture Foundation.

To subvert the concept of STEM is not suitable for women and inspire senior high school girls' interest in science, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation collaborated with National Museum of Natural Science in 2022 to hold the third TSMC Journeys of Female Scientists, inviting students from 12 girls senior high schools to attend the lectures.

The lectures included a guided tour of the World of Semiconductors Exhibition Hall and the TSMC Museum of Innovation.

Semiconductor popular science workshops were also held in conjunction with lectures by female scientists.

At the same time, outstanding female engineers from TSMC also shared their learning and career experience to encourage students to explore STEM.

In 2022, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation extended the one day visit to two days and one night in depth popular science activity, hoping to encourage more female students to join scienti c research, thereby cultivating scienti c talents for the country and the industry.

As of 2022, 17 Journeys of Female Scientists Lectures have been held and attended by 3,225 people.

In 2022, easy to understand micro course teaching materials were used to encourage high school students to learn the eld of semiconductors, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation used sponsored exhibits from the World of Semiconductors Exhibition Hall of the National Museum of Natural Science to launch the Big Brother and Sister Talk About Semiconductors course in collaboration with NYCU.

The course content encompasses semiconductor introduction, manufacturing process, component digital circuit, industry overview, etc.

They are combined with Arti cial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) experience and a short lm competition on semiconductor chip theory to inspire high school students' interest in semiconductors.

The courses have been progressively launched at National Hsinchu Senior High School, National Hsinchu Girls' Senior High school, and National Experimental High School at Hsinchu Science Park with 260 participants in total.

Technology is an integral part of people's lives, and there are semiconductors everywhere.

I hope to continue to explore developments in semiconductors in my future career.

By having more female scientists as role models, young students can understand that the future path is not as di cult as they may think, and it also helps children to enter the technology industry with more con dence.

What We Want to Solve Domestic education often lacks literature, art, science, and exploration courses.

As a result, students do not have a holistic education that integrates technology and humanities and thus lack the comprehensive skills required for future talents.

How We Respond Organize competitions, science camps, lectures, and proposal competitions for senior high school and college students to inspire their interest in science and develop their cultural qualities.

At the same time, the aim is to boost their self con dence, insight, and problem solving capabilities.

With the mission of cultivating future scientists, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation has been a long term sponsor of Wu Chien Shiung Science Camp, Marie Curie Science Camp, and Wu Ta You Science Camp, thereby enriching young students' scienti c knowledge and expanding their forward looking insight In 2022, Marie Curie Science Camp invited top scholars to present lectures with the three major themes: sustainable agriculture technology, zero waste resource recycling, and green chemistry.

Camp activities included: lectures from top scientists, scientists and entrepreneurs forums, green chemistry experiments promotion and team competitions.

The Foundation also invited TSMC engineers to share their educational background, work experience, and the current industry status with the camp participants.

The camp attracted 96 enthusiastic participants in total.

The Foundation sponsors the Wu Chien Shiung Science Camp for 20 consecutive years.

The camp activities included the Master and Student Dialogue and Creative Competition camps to broaden students' international scienti c horizons, stimulate their ambition and potential to pursue extraordinary scienti c achievements.

Furthermore, the camp also invited high school and vocational science teachers to participate in further training activities to explore ways to cultivate outstanding scienti c talents.

In 2022, a total of 134 students and eight teachers signed up for the event.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and the Center for the Advancement of Science Education have jointly hosted the TSMC Cup Competition of Scienti c Short Talk during the last ten years in the hope of elevating the scienti c qualities of senior high school students as well as their oral and written skills.

The competition included the Science Creative Expression Competition and Popular Science Book Guided Reading Contest.

The Science Creative Expression Competition requires the contestants to view the designated reading topics and engage in scienti c abstract report writing, scienti c and creative expression short lm production, and interactive questioning and pop quiz based on di erent stages of the competition.

The purpose of the competition is to cultivate young people's ability to interpret and tell stories.

The Popular Science Book Guided Reading Contest requires participants to write a guide article after reading selected popular science books.

Students are expected to obtain new scienti c knowledge through reading to develop analytical and critical thinking skills.

A total of 755 people participated in the event in 2022.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation launched the TSMC Udreamer Project since 2016.

The theme for 2022 was set as Youth for a Sustainable Iseland and invited college students to care about sustainability and take action.

This year's diverse proposals exempli ed students' commitment to the topic of sustainability.

In addition to the competition, the Foundation also organized the Responsible Grand Tour pilot project, inviting local revitalization experts and youth groups to demonstrate plastic reduction travel.

The mentor program was introduced for the rst time to the Udreamer Project.

The Foundation recruited TSMC employees interested in youth mentoring to guide the award winning team to turn sustainable thinking into concrete actions.

In the end, the 2022 event attracted a total of 161 teams and eight teams were shortlisted to win a total prize of NT three million.

In the feedback questionnaire, 68% of the students recognized the project and expressed their desire to engage in sustainable development related work in the future.

The Foundation has organized the TSMC Literature Award for 19 consecutive years to cultivate youth literature and encourage creation.

In 2022, the theme of My Youth Proposal was applied to continue providing young students with a stage for unleashing their talents for literature.

A total of 668 submissions were received for the year, bringing the cumulative number of submissions over the years to 11,179, including short stories, essays, and new poems.

Apart from the essay competition, other activities include lecture tours by writers, contestant judge forums, and an online essay call for submissions on the medium blog.

The TSMC Calligraphy and Seal carving Competition is the only annual event in Taiwan that promotes calligraphy and seal carving education for high school students.

With the theme of Food, the 15th competition incorporates everyday life issues to bring the younger generation closer to traditional culture, inviting gourmet writers to depict classic dishes and poetic stories in the recipes of Sung Dynasty scholars.

Furthermore, Kai Ping Culinary School was invited to design the Sung Flower Banquet by using seasonal ingredients.

Furthermore, to encourage teachers to promote Chinese character education, the Foundation continues to hold the creative calligraphy teaching proposal selection, thereby fostering the development of new teaching proposals, embodying the art of calligraphy and seal carving in life, and allowing students to appreciate the artistic beauty of Chinese characters.

The competition attracted a total of 449 participants this year, and 29 creative teaching proposals were received.

The Foundation has long dedicated itself to the humanities education.

In 2022, it collaborated with the Center of General Education, the Department of Chinese Literature, and the Center for Language Education at National Tsinghua University to host the Kenneth Hsien Yung Pai Literature Lectures Classic Chinese and Western Novels, inviting Mr. HsienYung Pai, a literary giant in Chinese literature and 13 other professors in the country to give special classes and take students to explore classic Chinese western novels, broaden the horizons of ancient and contemporary culture, and care about culture.

The lecture includes 15 special classes, attracting 3,754 participants.

The class was produced into a video and uploaded to the NTHU OpenCourseWare platform and the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation website for the public.

As of 2022, the video has been viewed 148,216 times.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation collaborated with the Common Wealth Education Foundation and the Hwawei Ko Professor Reading Research Center at NTHU to launch a ve year Teach and Learn Program in 2021.

The program provides rural teachers with teaching proposal assistance, forms a joint course preparation group, as well as organizes teacher empowerment workshops, and provides on site teaching observation and online teaching seminars.

In 2022, the program attracted the participation of 94 teachers and 984 new students from 48 elementary schools in rural areas.

To understand the program's achievements, teachers who participated in the program were invited to conduct a questionnaire survey in 2022.

The results indicate 54% of the respondents believed that the Teach and Learn Program helped to signi cantly elevate the teaching quality.

Moreover, a Chinese character recognition test was conducted on 1,232 students who participated in the program in 2021, and the results showed that 86% of the students possess above average literacy skills, and the ratio of the Level C students (Improvement required) greatly improved from 80% to 14% comparing to last year.

I was rather confused in the early stage of teaching.

Fortunately, the Teach and Learn Program inspired my teaching process.

What We Want to Solve Schools in remote townships in the country are faced with long term shortage of teachers and educational resources, resulting in low academic achievement among students.

Students from underprivileged homes are trapped by nancial circumstances, hence they are unable to explore and turn their lives around.

How We Respond Collaborate with educational organizations from both the private and public sectors to expand curriculum development and promotion, as well as assist in the training of teachers in remote townships to improve the learning motivation and e ectiveness of underprivileged students.

Scholarships are also provided for disadvantaged students to reduce their nancial burden.

Caring about remote education in Taiwan as its long term goal, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation collaborated with Cheng Zhi Foundation to transform rural education in Taiwan.

In 2022, the Foundation continued to provide funding to Emei Bilingual Junior High School and help to transform it into an experimental junior high school for the third straight year, introducing changes to the teaching quality and learning performance through abundant teacher training and the implementation of professional course preparation resources.

With the long term resources contribution, the results of the Comprehensive Assessment Program for Junior High School Students show the ratios of English, mathematics, and social subjects that need to be improved are all lower than the previous year.

Additionally, the number of students in the school has also increased steadily, from 39 in 2020 to 54 students.

In the same year, the Foundation collaborated with UNITAS Magazine to organize the second TSMC Youth Student Literature Camp at Emei Bilingual Junior High School.

Through the exciting sharing of writers, 62 young literature enthusiasts from Taoyuan, Hsinchu, and Miaoli were allowed to get close to literature and cultivate their word perception and writing skills.

Dedicated to assisting outstanding yet economically underprivileged students, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation continued to contribute NT 9.8 million of scholarships to 98 underprivileged students in 2022.

In addition to scholarships, the Foundation also provided summer internship opportunities at TSMC for scholarship recipients to learn about industry trends and bridge the gap between learning and practice the program also sponsors 25 award winning freshmen with laptop computers to eliminate their digital learning barriers.

Thanks to the scholarship, I was able to go to Kenya to become an international volunteer without nancial worry, and gradually nd my calling.

On the shoulders of a titan such as TSMC, I could see the light of my own future.

In 2022, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation joined forces with National Symphony Orchestra and Taipei National University of the Arts to sponsor the Music without Borders Educational Program, to connect Taiwans music scene to the international stage and vigorously cultivate world class music talents.

The One Minute Symphony Composition Project recruited young composers to engage in quick creation.

German conductor Jun M rkl was invited to mentor the young composers and their composing works were then performed by the NSO orchestra.

The performance was appreciated by an audience of 5,973 people For the Conducting and Composing Advancement Project, Lu Shao Chia, a well known Taiwanese conductor residing in Europe, helped aspiring students to re ne their conducting skills.

The TNUA Orchestra Fall Winter Concert 2022, was held and attracted an audience of 410 people.

To promote the heritage of Chinese opera, the Education and Culture Foundation teamed up with Guoguang Opera Company in 2021 to launch the Chinese Opera on Campus Program, opening Chinese opera elective courses at National Tsing Hua University and National Tunghai University.

The courses consisted of Chinese opera related knowledge, opera script appreciation and analysis, Peking opera performance demonstration and teaching the class attracted 35 students to sign up since the beginning of the rst semester in 2021, and the number increased to 95 in 2022.

To deepen collaboration and facilitate the appreciation of Peking opera, the Foundation also launched TSMC Theatre at National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University to perform classic opera repertoires.

Furthermore, campus micro courses were also held at three senior high schools in Hsinchu area, where wonderful, guided introductions were arranged in conjunction with live demonstrations by professional actors, taking students to transcend time and space.

The performances attracted 644 participants in 2022.

TNUA is extremely fortunate to receive resources from the Foundation to carry on the heritage of the art education program.

What We Want to Solve Improve predicaments faced by domestic art groups such as inadequate resources, loss of audience and heritage, and foster the public's interest in traditional arts and cultural activities to popularize the art and make it an integral part of life.

The Foundation has sponsored the Tainan City Cultural A airs Bureau to hold the TSMC Youth Theater Project 16 Year Old Festival since 2015.

The program theme is inspired by the 16 Years Old Coming of Age Ceremony, a traditional custom in Tainan, which combines three major strategies of viewing theater, making theater, and performing theater to bring youths closer to traditional customs and enrich their artistic cultivation.

In 2022, youths are encouraged to portray the life of the younger generation through narrative history theater and montage style directing.

The program attracted 54 students from 25 high schools in Taiwan to attend in 60 performances, and a total of 39,512 people participated in the promotional activities.

The 16 Year Old Festival has demonstrated tremendous success and became the cradle of Taiwan's artistic talents.

Over the eight years, a total of 399 youths has participated in the festival with 97 students studying at art related departments in Taiwan or abroad.

Since 2003, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation has continued to hold the TSMC Hsin Chu Art Festival, a large scale art and cultural event in Hsinchu, Taichung, and Tainan.

A series of activities including drama, music, literature, history lectures, and online lm exhibition were held around the theme.

The Foundation invited Peking opera masters to integrate technology with traditional art, collaborating with the National Symphony Orchestra, Taiwan Film Culture Association, Guoguang Opera Company, and other art and cultural groups to take the audience to appreciate the cultural connotation of Chinese and western myths through exquisite art performances.158,145 participants joined 15 o ine and 27 online events in total.

To enhance the public's appreciation of classical music, TSMC Education and Culture Foundation sponsored National Taichung Theater and New National Theatre, Tokyo to launch Mozart's opera The Magic Flute.

Darrel Ang, the artistic director of Sichuan Symphony Orchestra and a renowned Singaporean conductor, was invited to collaborate with the National Symphony Orchestra and numerous top international vocalists for four performances at the National Taichung Theater.

Activities such as performances, lectures, workshops, and stage tours enable the audience to gain insight into the details of opera creation.

A total of 7,825 people participated in the event.

To deepen the younger generation's knowledge in Chinese opera, convey Chinese opera knowledge and classical Chinese literature through auditory sense the Education and Culture Foundation continued to collaborate with IC Broadcasting Company in 2022 to launch the opera broadcasting program Tales from Chinese Opera.

Every week, the program introduces the provenance of classic operas and their performance styles.

The program also interviews famous Peking opera actors and introduces the exciting on stage and behind the scenes stories of Peking opera in a humorous manner, as well as o ers diverse channels for listeners.

As of 2022, more than 863,533 people have listened to the online program.

TSMC Education and Culture Foundation invited Professor I Yun Hsin, a master of Chinese studies, to produce a Chinese classic lecture radio program I Yun Hsin Talks About the Classic of Poetry.

Since 2018, he has taught classics such as the Analects, Zhuangzi, Mozi, and Laozi in 2022, he selected contents from the Classic of Poetry to produce 43 episodes, using simple but vivid explanations to share emotional descriptions and social outlook in the Classic of Poetry.

The program attracted a total of 692,075 listeners.

Tales from Chinese Opera opened my eyes to Peking opera, allowing me to gain a deeper understanding of traditional culture.

Note 1: TSMC Charity Foundation combined rural education and local employment, and renamed the key focus Care for the Disadvantaged to Rural Empowerment in 2022.

Note 3: The donations were contributed by TSMC volunteers as well as internal and external donors supporting the Sending Love initiative in cash, excluding repairs and other supplies.

Note 4: In compliance with the epidemic prevention measures stipulated by the Central Epidemic Command Center and service institutions, the Foundation suspended volunteer services requiring physical proximity for ten months in 2022.

Note 5: Resources had already been allotted to one social welfare institution and six elementary schools by the end of 2021 they are included in the statistics as the installation work in these institutions was completed in 2022.

Dedicated to becoming a force for positive change in the society, TSMC Charity Foundation has long committed itself to championing four social causes: Empower the Rural Community, Care for the Elderly, Promote Filial Piety, and Protect the Environment.

Adopting a hands on approach to serving those in need, the Foundation leads TSMC employees in e orts to care for members of society and engage with the government, industry and academia to jointly close the urban rural gap in learning resources and support economically underprivileged groups.

In 2022, the Foundation primarily focused on Empower the Rural Community, matching rural education goals to students' employability skills.

Foundation designed and o ered career exploration activities, technical and vocational training, and job matching services to ll vacancies in industry and academia.

To play a part in Protect the Environment, the Foundation invested in initiatives that generate green energy for the good of the underprivileged.

The Foundation installed solar power generators and replaced existing lights with energy saving LED light tubes, saving and generating electricity at the same time.

These measures have provided underprivileged groups with regular funding from generating green power and built classrooms with better lighting in schools in remote areas, while at the same time saving money on electricity bills.

Note 1: Types of contributions are sorted using the de nitions of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) into the categories of cash, time, goods and services, and all forms of donations are converted to be shown in New Taiwan dollar (NT ) for percentage calculation.

What We Want to Solve Schools in remote areas and schools neither in mountains nor cities are plagued by the inadequate distribution of educational resources and the unsatisfactory support systems hindering students' pursuit of higher education and employment.

How We Respond Integrate resources from industry, government and academia to help students in elementary schools and junior highs in rural areas improve their subject oriented studies and cultivate the employability skills of vocational high school students through career exploration activities.

In 2022, volunteers led by TSMC Charity Foundation continued visiting elementary schools in remote townships and NGOs providing after school care to o er students a variety of enjoyable and instructive activities and lessons, including picture book reading, post processing in photography, and media literacy.

Courses on enhancing the pedagogical skills of teachers in rural schools were also organized.

In response to the Ministry of Education's focus on science education and hands on inquiry in the 2019 Curriculum, the science games designed by the Foundation were combined with AI programming courses to cultivate students' scienti c thinking skills.

Working with National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University on the Programming Education Plan for Hsinchu County project, teachers and students residing in rural areas were taught how to utilize programs to solve life problems.

During the pandemic, the Foundation distributed science learning materials and conducted science experiments online so students could learn remotely.

To expand educational resources in rural townships and provide rural students with information about career choices, the Foundation has partnered with 104 Job Bank since 2021 to launch the World of Jobs, Road to Employment website, on which interest quizzes based on the Holland Codes were introduced to help students learn about their personality traits.

A total of 104 vlogs featuring professionals from all walks of life were produced and featured on the website as valuable reference for students exploring career paths.

TSMC's program for enhancing teachers' pedagogical skills covers a variety of subjects and is very informative.

A number of tools were introduced to help more disadvantaged families.

TSMC volunteers led students to conduct enjoyable experiments relevant to our everyday life.

To encourage students to start their careers in their hometowns and nd a solution to workforce shortage, the Foundation in 2021 began to partner up with corporations to organize technical and vocational training events in rural areas.

Through 30 hours of dynamic vocational training, some students were able to acquire specialized skills that landed them jobs straightaway.

The Foundation also arranged for trained vocational high students in rural areas to bring after school study services to local elementary schools and social welfare institutions, thereby building a successful mode of public welfare bene cial to all parties.

Collaborating with Microsoft Taiwan and several labor a airs bureaus on Microsoft O ce 365 skill enhancement program, the Foundation honed the Microsoft O ce competency skills of disadvantaged youths and augmented the information education of rural teachers.

Partnering with Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International Organization (SEMI), the Foundation held a lecture titled Technical and Vocational Talent Development in the Field of Semiconductors during SEMICON Taiwan 2022, inviting members of industry, government and academia to share their perspectives on the advantages of pursuing higher education and employment.

Appeals were made to the industry to analyze the structure of workforce costs, restructure internal positions, hire vocational high school students, and look for solutions to workforce shortage.

The Foundation simultaneously worked on building a job matching platform on its World of Jobs, Road to Employment website, increasing employment opportunities and the range of job selections for technical and vocational high school talent.

The dynamic technical and vocational training session tested our ability to respond appropriately in a given situation.

Upon completion of the training, there's a chance you could be hired by Chi Mei Food.

The training boosted my con dence and expanded my knowledge.

In collaboration with the departments of social a airs of local governments, the Foundation launched the NT 10,000 Per Household and emergency aid programs to nancially support underprivileged families and families tackling emergencies.

For rural and underprivileged farmers ending up with surplus produce due to lack of market information, TSMC volunteers help them out by way of harvesting, bulk order or sale, giving the earnings back to farmers or donating such surplus produce to social welfare institutions.

To support hardworking students who can not a ord to go to school due to their families' nancial conditions, the Foundation o ered scholarships for underprivileged students on the recommendations of local departments of education and schools.

With the help of the Sending Love platform, appeals were made to the public and corporations to make donations.

In 2022, the Foundation funded six rural schools to participate in the School of Future Competencies: Initiative to Support Model Schools in Rural Areas Cultivating Reading Competencies project and installed distance learning equipment.

In addition to purchasing items for learning purposes for rural students, the Foundation utilized the TSMC i Charity platform to secure monthly donations of xed amounts and organize charity concerts for fundraising.

All of these donations went to NGOs committed to long term rural educational e orts.

Thanks to TSMC bringing resources to underprivileged families, a lot of stress from day to day living was taken o their shoulders.

They felt society was there to help and that they weren't alone.

When I saw the living environments of seniors living alone, I could feel their loneliness and di culties.

I was glad to be able to help, and I would like to have more opportunities to help them in the future.

Through the Network of Compassion, the Foundation combines resources from medical and social welfare institutions to meet the needs of seniors living alone in rural areas, including o ering medical services, meal deliveries, and transportation vehicles, thereby reinforcing the quality and mobility of resources dedicated to caregiving in rural areas.

Due to the rising need for providing long term care in local communities, the Foundation in 2022 collaborated with Taipei Municipal Gan Dau Hospital and National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University to build a new smart tness club for seniors.

Smart workout devices adapted to train aging muscles were introduced to help prevent disability and delay aging.

During the COVID 19 pandemic, seniors aged 65 years and older were at high risk of severe illness.

The Foundation provided long term care institutions with pandemic prevention and control supplies and nutritional supplements to safeguard the health of seniors and caregivers.

Although services requiring physical proximity were suspended, TSMC volunteers led handicraft activities through video conferencing, participated in empowering seniors through storytelling initiatives, and handed out heartwarming presents during holidays and festivals, enriching the lives of seniors residing in caregiving institutions.

When the September 2022 Taitung earthquakes damaged many homes of seniors living alone and disadvantaged families, TSMC volunteers joined forces with providers and local governments to repair the damaged houses, employing their facility expertise and e cient division of labor.

Throughout the repair process, su cient care was given to the everyday living spaces and environments of disadvantaged seniors and their supply of goods.

TSMC helping set up a smart tness club for seniors in the community can utilize the technology researched and developed by the university to measure precise health stats that will help seniors get the most out of their workouts.

With the long term commitment of TSMC volunteers, we have been able to locate resources and enhance the overall quality of our services.

Despite all the di culties we've had, they've supported us all the way, enabling us to establish a sheltered workshop.

What We Want to Solve As Taiwan will soon become a super aged society, the need for long term care services and facilities increases every year.

Insu cient resources pose a particular challenge to the health and well being of senior citizens living in rural areas and seniors living alone.

How We Respond Strengthen the Network of Compassion system to bring together medical and social welfare institutions and integrate and distribute long term care resources from the government and social welfare institutions to o er comprehensive and quality care to the seniors living in rural areas and seniors living alone.

The Foundation continued working with the K 12 Education Administration under the Ministry of Education to organize parent child workshops on lial piety, drawing activities, and contests receiving entries on the subject of lial piety.

The teaching plans and demonstration videos of the parent child workshops on lial piety developed by the Foundation were made available for educational agencies to download free of charge.

Though storytelling activities by volunteers were suspended during the pandemic, the TSMC i Charity platform was used to raise funds for pupils and their families in rural areas to watch family themed movies on Mother's Day, in a bid to let children understand and appreciate the hard work of family caregivers, and to remind the latter to pay attention to their own health and well being.

A family's warmth is an important stabilizing power for middle aged parents and children.

These activities for promoting lial piety helped children to have a conversation with their parents and grandparents, allowing them to learn more about each other.

What We Want to Solve The rapid advance of the digital era has caused generational estrangement and put the family support system at risk of becoming vulnerable.

The traditional culture of lial piety has seen a gradual decline, with ever fewer people espousing and practicing the virtue.

How We Respond Combining resources from industry, government and academia, and by way of educational materials, interactive activities and contests calling for entries, parent child conversation is guided to achieve better understanding and to develop cohesion in families and harmony in society.

In the Foundation's e orts to promote green energy, partnerships have been with local governments and social welfare institutions to sponsor the installation of solar panels on the rooftops of institutions.

In 2022, the Foundation built seven solar power plants, reducing the monthly electricity bills of social welfare institutions.

Through electricity wholesale based on feed in tari contracts, these institutions receive NT 2.76 million every year to fund their operations.

To improve school lighting for elementary school students, the Foundation funded underprivileged students enrolled in vocational colleges to install LED energy saving light tubes in 246 schools across Taiwan, saving as much as NT 9.61 million in electricity fees every year enough to pay for 320,000 more school lunches.

To help solve the problem of hunger and reduce food waste, the Cherish Food Project was launched, working with seven food businesses to distribute goodwill foods to 130 underprivileged groups in 16 cities and counties, bene ting individuals 48,143 times.

Student volunteers helping to replace lights in schools not only warmed the hearts of pupils and faculty members but saved 30% on the electricity bill.

When we improved the school's overall lighting, the children were very happy about it.

What We Want to Solve Climate change impacts the natural environment and threatens certain species.

It particularly strains the support systems vital to underprivileged groups, calling into question the stability of such systems in the face of environmental disasters, inequalities in energy distribution, and malnutrition.

How We Respond With a comprehensive focus on the environment, ecology and society, the Foundation works with industry, government and academia to devise plans that help underprivileged groups reduce resource waste and energy consumption and develop renewable energy sources.

TSMC volunteers work on promoting environmental and energy conservation education.

The Foundation continued to lead TSMC volunteers to give diverse tours and o er courses on environmental and energy conservation to raise awareness of environmental protection and sustainability among rural students and the general public.

TSMC Ecology Volunteers, dedicated to the work of ecological preservation, invited and funded rural students to travel to TSMC's premises, where they were given an informative ecological tour.

As part of the focus on environmental education, the students learned about biodiversity as well as water and energy conservation.

Ecology Volunteers gave tours in Jacana Ecological Education Park to talk about conservation systems and introduced the public in the National Museum of Nature Science to semiconductor science and technology.

In 2022, the Foundation co published the picture book Fen Fen's Promise with Old Tree Yard Environment Protection Foundation, whose mission is to promote old trees, protect forests, and advocate for an eco friendly education that views old trees as our friends.

Many thanks to TSMC for introducing students to how an e ective water recycling system works.

It inspired them to care more about environmental protection issues and take action.

I hope the concept of ecological sustainability will bring about incremental yet profound changes to the public.

TSMC advocates and acts upon the principles of operational transparency and respect for shareholder rights.

We believe that the basis for successful corporate governance is a sound and e ective Board of Directors.

In line with this principle, TSMC Board of Directors set up the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee in 2002 and 2003 respectively.

To continue to make our corporate governance more comprehensive, the TSMC Board took a step further in February 2023 to expand and strengthen the functions and responsibilities of its committees, including renaming the Audit Committee to the Audit and Risk Committee , and the renaming the Compensation Committee to the Compensation and People Development Committee .

In addition, in order to strengthen the selection mechanism for directors, build diversi ed and professional board, TSMC's Board of Directors approved the establishment of the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee referencing international practices.

Each Committee supports the Board to ful ll its responsibilities and each Committee's chairperson regularly reports to the Board on its activities and recommendations.

Inheriting the spirit of TSMC's Founder, Dr. Morris Chang's philosophy on corporate governance, under the leadership of Chairman Dr. Mark Liu and CEO Vice Chairman Dr. C.C.

Wei, TSMC's Board of Directors takes a serious and forthright approach to its duties and is a dedicated, competent and independent Board.

Directors approved the renaming of Audit Committee to Audit and Risk Committee , and the renaming of Compensation Committee to Compensation and People Development Committee , and the establishment of Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee .

As such, the Board of Directors carries independence.

For more details of Corporate Governance , please refer to TSMC's Annual Report and www.tsmc.com.

TSMC adopts a balanced risk reward approach to risk management to optimize business returns while considering the overall impact on corporate sustainability.

In 2022, the Risk Management Policy was established, approved by the Board of Directors and signed o by the Chairman, a rming the Company's commitment to a proactive and robust risk management system that assist TSMC in making well considered and risk based decisions, thereby ful lling the Company's ESG vision and actions and delivering sustainable value for TSMC and its stakeholders.

To support the implementation of the Risk Management Policy, the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework was enhanced in 2022 to outline the risk management mechanisms, processes, systems and tools.

Through a 5 step process of identi cation, assessment, response, monitoring, and review, potential sustainability risks such as climate change, utility supply, earthquakes, res, and chemical spillage as well as emerging risks are managed.

A series of training courses are provided to foster a risk aware mindset and culture.

TSMC further renamed the Audit Committee to Audit and Risk Committee in February 2023 to enhance the Board of Directors' risk oversight of TSMC's ERM framework.

At the management level, the risk governance structure comprises the Risk Management Steering Committee, Risk Management Executive Council, Risk Management Taskforces, Central Crisis Command Center, and Crisis Management Team.

Risk Management Division works with each function in applying the ERM framework to ensure that signi cant risks and crises across TSMC are assessed and adequately mitigated.

This is performed through risk monitoring, conducting workshops, visiting sites, participating in key meetings, and implementing risk related policies and guidelines.

For more details on Risk Management, please refer to 6.3 Risk Management in TSMC's 2022 Annual Report.

TSMC has established the Guidelines for Nomination of Directors that set out the procedures and criteria for the nomination, quali cation and evaluation of Director candidates to be nominated by the Board of Directors, and provide that Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee will propose independent director candidates to the Board of Directors.

The independence of each independent director candidate is also considered and assessed under relevant laws.

The members of TSMC Board of Directors are nominated via rigorous selection processes.

It not only considers background diversity, professional competence and experience, but also attaches great importance to his her personal reputation on ethics and leadership.

Directors shall be elected pursuant to the candidate nomination system speci ed in Article 192 1 of the R.O.C.

The tenure of o ce for Directors shall be three years.

The Company aims to have at least of 50% independent directors and as least one female director to serve on the Board.

The ten members of the Board of Directors represent diversi ed perspectives, including a complementary mix of skills, experiences, and backgrounds such as that from the industry, academia, and in law.

These professionals include citizens from Taiwan, Europe and the U.S. with world class business operating experience, one of whom is female.

Integrity is the cornerstone of TSMC's business philosophy.

TSMC established its TSMC Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (Ethics Code) to be the guide for operating TSMC's business and to form a robust culture of integrity within TSMC, with integrity, commitment, innovation and customer trust as our core values.

At the same time, by establishing the Supplier Code of Conduct and Supplier Sustainability Standards, TSMC extends its core value of integrity into its supply chains and to enable suppliers to demonstrate business with integrity behavior.

In addition, TSMC publishes its TSMC Anti Corruption Commitment on the TSMC website to emphasize TSMC's commitment to its core value of integrity.

TSMC established and published the Complaint Policy and Procedure for Certain Accounting Legal Matters, making multiple reporting channels available for internal and external voices, and accepting anonymous reports to protect the rights and interests of the Company and its constituencies.

All reported incidents collected from these reporting channels are properly recorded, confidentially investigated, well traced, and enhancements to TSMC practices are made where applicable.

TSMC keeps individual identities confidential and prohibits any retaliation on any individual who in good faith reports a suspected violation or participates in an investigation.

Furthermore, TSMC has an Ethics Committee that oversees the implementation of the Ethics Code and investigations and disciplinary actions for reported incidents.

The Ethics Committee meets quarterly or whenever necessary.

In 2022, the Ethics Committee met six times to examine major reported incidents under investigation.

The Company will take progressive disciplinary actions according to the nature and severity of each misconduct.

TSMC Sustainable Supply Chain ESH Forum: conducting face to face communication for the Supplier Code of Conduct and sharing TSMC's practices.

The Ethics Committee will evaluate each incident to determine whether it is an exceptional case or whether it results from systemic issues of insu cient awareness in ethics.

To ensure that every business activity in compliance with applicable governing legislation, laws, regulations and regulatory expectations, TSMC has established a complete regulatory compliance system, including a sequence of regulatory identi cation, compliance policy and procedure formulation, implementation and execution, compliance training program, to closely monitor domestic and foreign government policies and regulatory developments that could materially impact TSMC's business and nancial operations.

In 2022, TSMC did not receive any reports related to nance, accounting or antitrust matters, nor did we receive any complaints concerning breach of customer privacy and loss of customer data, or any material regulatory violations (where a ne exceeds NT 1 million), including non monetary sanctions.

TSMC believes a strong nancial foundation is the key to corporate sustainability.

Since the founding of the Company, TSMC has developed prudent business plans, adhered to disciplined capital management, and delivered solid nancial performance to help create long term economic value, which allows the Company to give back to all its stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, employees, customers, suppliers contractors, government industry associations, society, and others, and to drive positive changes in society.

As the insatiable demand for computation will propel the continued drive for chip performance and a greater need for energy e cient computing, TSMC expects strong growth potential in its advanced and specialty technologies in the next several years.

Thus, from 2021 to 2026, the Company expects its long term revenue growth, in US dollar terms, to have a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15 to 20%, with a long term gross margin to be 53% and higher, and a return on equity (ROE) to be 25% and higher across the cycle.

In an e ort to better communicate with investors, TSMC strives to ensure the transparency and timeliness of its nancial information.

In addition to the regular disclosure of its latest nancial results, the Company also sets clear and measurable strategic nancial objectives and continues to deliver results that are aligned with its long term nancial targets.

Given the funding requirements to address the business growth opportunities and the need to maintain a solid nancial foundation, since 2020, TSMC has issued a total of NT 311.5 billion in NT dollar denominated corporate bonds and US 17.5 billion in US dollar denominated corporate bonds with favorable pricing terms.

Since the bond issuances, TSMC has continued to maintain the semiconductor industry's highest credit ratings.

Since TSMC went public in 1994, the Company has been profitable every year and its market capitalization has been growing steadily.

As of December 31, 2022, TSMC's market capitalization reached NT 11.7 trillion, or US 379.7 billion.

TSMC's solid financial performance enables the Company to distribute profits to shareholders in the form of cash dividends.

In June 2021, TSMC's Board of Directors approved the increase in quarterly cash dividend from NT 2.5 to NT 2.75 per share.

Therefore, TSMC's shareholders received a total of NT 11 per share in cash dividends in 2022.

From 2004 to 2022, TSMC has paid out a total of NT 2.5 trillion, or US 81.5 billion, in cash dividends.

In the future, TSMC intends to maintain a sustainable and steadily increasing cash dividend, and to distribute the cash dividend each year quarter at a level not lower than the year quarter before.

TSMC supports the government in formulating regulations that encourage enterprise innovation and foster economic growth.

The Company's tax policy is reviewed and approved annually by the Chief Financial O cer, which aims to ensure transparency and sustainability in the long term.

Act at all times in compliance with the spirit and the letter of all applicable tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.

Conduct inter company transactions on an arm's length basis and in accordance with the internationally accepted transfer pricing guidance published by the OECD.

Be transparent in nancial reporting, make disclosures in accordance with applicable regulations and reporting requirements.

Do not use tax havens or tax structures whose sole purpose is tax avoidance.

Do not transfer value created to low tax jurisdictions.

Develop strong, mutually respectful relationships with tax authorities based on transparency and trust.

Always consider tax as a part of major business decisions.

Analyze the operating environment and assess tax risk through a corporate management mechanism.

TSMC is subject to tax laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts business.

Any unfavorable changes in tax laws and regulations in these jurisdictions could increase the Company's e ective tax rate and have an adverse e ect on its operating results.

In order to e ectively manage tax risks, TSMC follows internal control processes, identi es, assesses, and manages tax risks from regulatory changes and its business transactions, accounts for them appropriately, and implements and monitors controls over them.

Tax risk management is incorporated in TSMC's enterprise risk management (ERM) system.

The risk management organization annually reports to the Audit and Risk Committee on TSMC's key risks and mitigation e orts.

For more details on risk management, please refer to the 6.3 Risk Management section in TSMC's 2022 Annual Report.

The ultimate responsibility for the taxation management of TSMC and its subsidiaries rests with the Chief Financial O cer, who delegates day to day responsibility to the Controller.

A team of quali ed and experienced tax professionals supports the Controller to meet TSMC's tax obligations.

In addition, TSMC also leverages external tax service providers for complementary expertise.

TSMC's Audit and Risk Committee is delegated by the Board to oversee the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing, reporting, and nancial control practices of the Company through periodic review of certain major matters, including accounting policies and procedures, internal control systems, legal compliance, and corporate risk management, etc.

Among these, tax compliance is included as part of the Company's legal compliance.

TSMC's e ective tax rate and cash tax rate in 2022 were 11.1% and 7.6%, respectively, both of which were lower than the industry average e ective tax rate of 15.9% and the industry average cash tax rate of 14.12% based on S P Global CSA Handbook in the Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment industry group, and also lower than Taiwan R.O.C.

This was primarily due to a ve year tax exemption for capital investments made in previous years, and tax credit for research and development expenditures according to regulations under the R.O.C.

Statute for Upgrading Industries and Statute for Industrial Innovation.

In 2022, over 90% of TSMC's revenue and pro t before tax were generated from its business operations in Taiwan.

Meanwhile, over 90% of its tax payments were also made to the Taiwan R.O.C.

TSMC's 2022 income tax payment in Taiwan represented 8.1% of total corporate income taxes collected by the R.O.C.

Note 1: TSMC categorizes its pro t before tax, income tax accrued, and taxes paid geographically based on the country in which TSMC and subsidiaries are located.

Information security and proprietary information protection (PIP) are TSMC's commitments to customers, suppliers, and employees.

To strengthen corporate information security protection and management mechanisms, TSMC created the new role of Chief Information Security O cer in 2022 to take charge of information security policy and procedure planning, monitoring, and management.

The Company also continues to perform information security risk analysis and develop smart information security technologies and measures, including cloud information security analysis, alarm summaries, the SOAR (Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response) system, etc., to improve protection and monitoring performance.

TSMC is also in uencing the supply chain by working with SEMI to overcome information security challenges in the semiconductor industry.

Through four major directions, information security awareness and protection standards in the industry are raised to achieve the goal of sustainable operations.

The Board of Directors has authorized the Audit Committee to manage and oversee corporate information security.

The Audit Committee is chaired by Sir Peter L. Bon eld, an independent director with a background in information security.

In 2022, following the regulations of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, TSMC appointed J.K Lin, Senior Vice President of Information Technology, Material and Risk Management, to take on the addition role of Chief Information Security O cer (CISO).

Lin is responsible for the overall planning and coordination of company resources, communicating on information security policies and directions.

TSMC has established a dedicated information security organization (Corporate Information Security, CIS), led by Director James Tu, is responsible for the implementation, planning, monitoring, and management of information security operations.

TSMC has also established the PIP and Cybersecurity Committee and the IT Security Committee to cooperate with the Company's information technology and related organizations to strengthen corporate information security protection and management mechanisms.

Both committees are chaired by the CISO and comprise VP level executives who meet regularly to review and deliberate on important information security and protection policies as well as project implementation.

Every six months, the CIS executives report risk management measures to the Audit Committee, including global information security trends, corporate information security policies, plans, and implementation results.

The chair of the Audit Committee also reports on the e ectiveness of information security supervision and risk control measures to the Board of Directors.

TSMC is fully committed to the TSMC Information Security Declaration and continues to work on the ve major areas of information security management.

Over the years, TSMC has consistently met the information security requirements of customers and third party agencies.

In 2022, TSMC's external audits concluded that no major information security aws, major violations, incidents of customer data breach and regulatory nes occurred.

Moreover, there have been zero complaints concerning breach of customer privacy and loss of customer data from either third parties or regulatory bodies resulting in judicial action.

By actively strengthening information security and PIP, TSMC hopes to safeguard market competitiveness and customers and partners' interests.

TSMC regularly performs information security risk assessments and adopts a comprehensive layered cybersecurity defense.

In 2022, information security measures focused on cybersecurity control, information asset management, access control and safety, and workplace security items to strengthen information security defense.

TSMC has implemented the Business Continuity Management Policy to ensure business continuity.

The 24 hour Cybersecurity Incident Response Center (CIRC) is responsible for coordinating related e orts and ensuring the e ectiveness of control measures in compliance with the information security incident noti cation procedures.

In 2022, new measures were added, including strengthening cloud information security analysis and alarm summaries for overseas facilities, introducing automatic response systems with preset responses that are automatically executed, etc.

In addition, TSMC continues to organize cybersecurity drills, focusing in 2022 on ransomware, remote access, and weaknesses in overseas facilities.

The Company also worked with third party experts to conduct penetration testing and red team vs. blue team drills to enhance information protection and monitoring.

In addition to internal measures to strengthen information security at TSMC, the Company recognizes that companies are currently facing dangerous landscapes and have, therefore, invested in information security insurance as the last line of defense to reduce risks of information security incidents.

TSMC seeks to strengthen information security across the supply chain in four areas: rst, establishing standards second, assessment collaboration third, advocacy and fourth, risk management.

In 2022, the information security practices of 659 suppliers were evaluated, of which 481 received a grade of A and 326 suppliers were able to bring up their grades by one or more levels within six months.

The reach of TSMC's Supply Chain Security Newsletter was also expanded.

In 2022, four issues were published with a readership of 350,000.

TSMC also assisted SEMI in establishing the SEMI Cybersecurity Committee.

Chaired by Dr. James Tu, Head of Corporate Information Security at TSMC, the SEMI Cybersecurity Committee advocates information security solutions based on the zero trust model to strengthen supply chain resilience.

In 2022, the Committee rolled out four major directions to strengthen information security in the industry, using third party risk assessment tools to create the SEMI Semiconductor Cyber Security Risk Rating Service dedicated to semiconductor suppliers.

The rating service can help suppliers compare baselines, monitor postures, and drive the industry toward a better future.

Adhering to the vision of Uplift Society, TSMC has been issuing non nancial reports for 24 consecutive years.

In addition to complying with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), TCFD Recommendations, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the report also heeds expectations and suggestions from various stakeholders with systematic communication channels in the Company's daily operations and uses materiality analysis to adjust sustainable management practices and align with international sustainability standards.

The annual Sustainability Report has become an important tool for managing ESG practices internally and a way to disclose mid and long term strategies, practices, and progress.

TSMC collaborates with employees, shareholders investors, customers, vendors contractors, the government associations, and society to strive for a sustainable future.

The reporting period is between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022.

The report is published in June 2023 in both English and Chinese and is available on TSMC ESG website.

The report covers major topics of stakeholders concerns as well as TSMC practices in the economic, environmental, social, and governance dimensions.

The reporting scope includes all TSMC fabs in Taiwan (the corporate headquarters and all wafer fabs and backend fabs in Taiwan), TSMC (China), TSMC (Nanjing), WaferTech, VisEra, and other subsidiaries.

Changes from last year include an expansion to Fab 12 Phase 8, Fab 18 Phase 6, 7, and 8 in Taiwan.

If the scope of reporting is di erent from the above statement, a note will be added to explain any di erences in this paragraph.

Include GRI 3: Material Topic 2021, Double Materiality and Dynamic Materiality.

The analysis frequency is adjusted to once every two years, and TSMC 2021 22 Materiality Analysis Report is updated simultaneously.

Disclose climate change related information in dedicated chapter in compliance with Taiwan Stock Exchange.

If you have any feedback, advice, or suggestion on this report or TSMC's sustainable development, please feel free to contact us.

For more information about TSMC's latest sustainability practices, please subscribe to the TSMC ESG Newsletter.

Dedicated to driving more positive changes, the TSMC Sustainability Report follows the editorial standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), AccountAbility (AA), United Nations (UN), Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Financial Stability Board (FSB), World Economic Forum International Business Council (WEF IBC) and refers to their principles of reporting disclosure (to establish a systematic management process for reports) and indicators (environmental, social and governance indicators) to report TSMC's sustainability information and data.

TSMC utilizes sustainability information disclosure as a proactive management tool to serve as a guide for organizations to stay in alignment with international sustainability management trends.

As a key player in the global semiconductor supply chain, TSMC works diligently to integrate the ESG ethos into our daily operations with the aim of sustainable development, setting systematic management strategies, taking tangible action and reviewing results.

TSMC works with partners and stakeholders from all walks of life to carry out our environmental and social commitments and continue bringing positive change to the world.

TSMC participates in a variety of industry associations and public policy related nonpro t organizations to promote industry dialogue and development, as well as track key issues such as technology innovation, corporate governance, environmental sustainability, human rights, and supply chain managementNote 2.

In 2022, TSMC participated in 72 industry associations and non pro t organizations at home and abroad, with expenditures of over NT 70.94 millionNote 3 .

Total expenditures in the past ve years (2018 2022) were about NT 197.58 millionNote 4, 5.

TSMC strives for the development of the semiconductor industry.

Chin currently serves as the government in areas including land, water, electricity, talent, intellectual property chairperson of TSIA's Energy Committee, Vice President Dr. Y.L.

Wang currently serves protection and other areas related to the competitiveness of the industry.

Packaging Testing Committee, Senior Director Hsiao Chin Tuan served as chairperson of SEMI Taiwan's MEMS Sensors Committee, Director Dr. John Lin currently serves as chairperson of SEMI Taiwan's IC Committee, Director M.D.

Chen currently serves as chairperson of SEMI Taiwan's Materials Committee, and Director Dr. James Tu currently serves as chairperson of SEMI Taiwan's Cyber Security Committee.

President Rick Cassidy currently serves on the board of GSA.

Industries, and Vice President Connie Ma served as executive controller of The Allied Association for Science Park Industries.Note 6 Senior Vice President J.K. Lin currently serves as director of TEEMA.

Vice President and General Counsel Sylvia Fang currently serves as director of CAPRI.

Vice President Peter Cleveland currently serves as director of ITI.

Note 1: Non pro t organizations in the areas of charity and education are not included here.

Note 2: By law, TSMC is not permitted to make political donations as the Company is majority owned by foreign shareholders.

Note 5: In addition to the expenditures disclosed in Note 4, TSMC's government relations expenses in 2022 amounted to NT 83,836,350, with the primary expense being employee payroll.

TSMC did not make any political donations in the reporting period.

TSMC advocates and acts upon the principles of operational transparency and respects shareholder rights.

Based on strong governance foundation, TSMC believes in leadership integrity and adopts ethics, regulatory compliance, and risk management mechanisms into daily business operations.

Technology innovation is the key driving force moving the industry and economy forward.

TSMC not only cares for and invests in technology innovation and participates in the de nition of technical standards, the Company also calls on the government and private sector to protect the results of innovation together so that it can gain appropriate economic value and encourage further innovation, creating a fair competitive environment.

TSMC Chairman Dr. Mark Liu currently serves as director of both Epoch Foundation and K.T.

Li Foundation for Development of Science and Technology.

TSMC Vice President and General Counsel Sylvia Fang jointly founded the Taiwan Association for Trade Secrets Protection (TTSP) in 2015 and served as its chairperson for the rst two terms to help promote legal reform of Taiwan's trade secret laws and regulations.

Currently she is an executive director of the TTSP.

Responding to climate change and mitigating climate impact to protect our shared global environment, TSMC integrates green management into daily operations and continues to enhance climate and energy, water stewardship, circular resources, and air pollution control through introducing innovative green technologies.

The Company's goal is to become the global standard of eco friendly corporations.

To achieve the commitment of Net Zero Emissions by 2050, TSMC mobilizes supply chain partners to reduce carbon footprint, creating a green supply chain for the semiconductor industry.

TSMC is among the rst members of Taiwan Association for Net Zero Emissions, Taiwan Climate Partnership, and Common Wealth Sustainability Council.

Senior Vice President J.K. Lin currently serves as vice chairman of Taiwan Association for Net Zero Emissions.

Senior Vice President Lora Ho currently serves as director at the Taiwan Center for Corporate Sustainability.

Respecting human rights and creating a respectful workplace are critical to TSMC and our suppliers.

TSMC is a full member of the Responsible Business Alliance, and in addition to meeting the alliance's requirements in auditing suppliers, we have also asked our suppliers to strictly comply with local regulations to safeguard human rights.

TSMC requires all suppliers to commit to the Assurance to Comply with TSMC's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and in July 2021, TSMC issued a statement titled Supply Chain Partners Should Ensure Protection of Human Rights During the COVID 19 Pandemic to ensure a digni ed work environment.

Total number of critical high risk suppliers that have received audits for the S.H.A.R.P.

According to the Occupational Safety and Health Act, Disabling Injury Frequency Rate are de ned as any diseases, injuries, disabilities, or deaths of workers caused by buildings, machinery, equipment, raw materials, materials, chemicals, gases, vapors, dusts, etc., at the place of duty, or as a result of work activities, or due to other occupational causes.

Other unrelated injuries in the workplace such as falling in the cafeteria or parking lot due to various reasons are not considered as work injuries.

Target has been amended according to new de nition.

According to the Occupational Safety and Health Act, Disabling Injury Frequency Rate (FR) Disabling Severity Rate (SR) are de ned as any diseases, injuries, disabilities, or deaths of workers caused by buildings, machinery, equipment, raw materials, materials, chemicals, gases, vapors, dusts, etc., at the place of duty, or as a result of work activities, or due to other occupational causes.

Other unrelated injuries in the workplace such as falling in the cafeteria or parking lot due to various reasons are not considered as work injuries.

Target has been amended according to new de nition.

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. ( TSMC or the Company) commissioned DNV Business Assurance Co. Ltd. ( DNV ) to undertake independent assurance of the 2022 Sustainability Report (the Report ) for the year ended 31 December 2022.

We performed our work using DNVs assurance methodology VeriSustainTM 1 , which is based on our professional experience, international assurance best practice including International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (ISAE 3000) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards.

The Report also incorporated the relative sustainability reporting guidelines, such as Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors Sustainability Accounting Standard and Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

We evaluated the performance data using the reliability principle together with TSMC data protocols for how the data are measured, recorded and reported.

The performance data in scope was against TSMCs significant Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues and the 2030 sustainability commitment and the topics set forth in the GRI standards 2021.

We understand that the reported financial data and information are based on data from TSMCs Annual Report and Accounts, which are subject to a separate independent audit process.

The review of financial data taken from the Annual Report and Accounts is not within the scope of our work.

Review of information provided to us by TSMC on its reporting and management processes relating to.

People who worked in functions for financial, legal, environment (including climate change energy, air emission, water resource, chemical and waste management), human resource, safety, procurement, wellness, product development, information security, intellectual property, trade secret and TSMC cultural and educational foundation were chosen to interview Site visits to HQ in Taiwan, remoting meeting with other production sites to review process and systems for preparing site level sustainability data and implementation of sustainability strategy.

Review of supporting evidence for key claims and data in the report.

Our checking processes were prioritised according to materiality, and we based our prioritisation on the materiality of issues at a consolidated corporate level.

Review of the processes for gathering and consolidating the specified performance data and, for a sample, checking the data consolidation.

Where financial data had been checked by another third party, and, where data of scope 1, 2 and 3 of Green House Gases Emission has been verified by DNV, we tested transposition from these sources to the report Where relevant data and information has been generated from a certified management system note which data and management system certification and that this was considered.

An independent assessment of TSMCs reporting against the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

There was a confidential issue that we cannot assess the salary data.

The verification was conducted based only on the Chinese version Report.

We planned and performed our work to obtain the evidence we considered necessary to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.

We are providing a moderate limited level of assurance.

The Directors of TSMC have sole responsibility for the preparation of the Report.

In performing our assurance work, our responsibility is to the management of TSMC however, our statement represents our independent opinion and is intended to inform all of TSMC stakeholders.

DNV was not involved in the preparation of any statements or data included in the Report except for this Assurance Statement.

DNV provides a range of other services to TSMC, none of which constitute a conflict of interest with this assurance work.

DNVs assurance engagements are based on the assumption that the data and information provided by the client to us as part of our review have been provided in good faith.

DNV expressly disclaims any liability or co responsibility for any decision a person or an entity may make based on this Assurance Statement.

A multi disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed work at headquarters and site level.

Review of the current sustainability issues that could affect TSMC and are of interest to stakeholders Review of TSMC approach to stakeholder engagement and recent outputs.

On the basis of the work undertaken, nothing came to our attention to suggest that the Report does not properly describe TSMCs adherence to the Principles.

TSMC has developed its own data management system for capturing and reporting its ESG performances.

In accordance with DNV VeriSustain Protocol requirements for a moderate limited level assurance engagement, we conclude that no systematic errors were detected which causes us to believe that the specified sustainability data and information presented in the Report is not reliable.

Without affecting our assurance opinion, we also provide the following observations.

The following is an excerpt from the observations and opportunities reported back to the management of .

Considering the completeness, balance and transparency of data disclosure, it would be advisable to disclose the environment information and establish targets (i.e.

To effectively achieve resource cycling goals and performance, it would be beneficial to include overseas facilities in this effort.

Currently, only TSMC's Taiwan factory appears to be prioritizing this aspect.

Sustainability Context Sustainability Report provides an accurate and fair representation of the level of implementation of related ESG policies and meets the content requirements of the GRI Standards 2021.

Materiality The materiality determination process was revalidated based on survey from key stakeholders including employees, customers, suppliers contractors, NGOs, governments, shareholders, investors, regulatory bodies, local communities and senior management of TSMC and has not missed out any significant and known material issues about the Semiconductor Sector.

A methodology has been developed to evaluate the priority of these issues and identified priority issues are fairly covered in the Report.

An internal assessment process for monitoring and management on a continual basis for their long term organisational sustainability has been established.

Completeness The Report has fairly attempted to disclose the generic disclosures and management approaches and performances of identified material topics for GRI Standards 2021.

The reporting of performance and data are within the Companys reporting boundary and reporting period except for certain material topics.

A system to report the performances of material topics are being established and set the internal timelines for disclosure.

Accuracy and Reliability The majority of data and information verified at the Corporate Office and sampling operational sites were found to be accurate and nothing came to our attention to suggest that reported data have not been properly collated from information reported at operational level, nor that the assumptions used were inappropriate.

Some of the data inaccuracies identified during the verification process were found to be attributable to transcription, interpretation and aggregation errors and the errors have been communicated for correction.

Inclusivity The Company has identified the expectations of stakeholders through internal mechanisms in dialogue with different groups of stakeholders.

The stakeholder concerns are well identified and documented.

The significant ESG issues identified through this process are reflected in the Report.

Responsiveness: TSMC 2022 Sustainability Report meets the content requirements of the GRI Standards 2021.

The report provides an accurate and fair representation of the level of implementation of related ESG policies.

The Company has adequately responded to stakeholder concerns through its policies, ESG Committee, and quarterly annual financial report, and this is reflected in the Report.

Impact The Company presents the impacts related to its identified material topics by measuring and monitoring impacts through appropriate performance metrics demonstrating outcomes and outputs of its value creation processes.

Nothing has come to our attention to suggest that the Report does not meet the requirements related to the Principle of Impact.

Fab 14A 1 1, Nan Ke North Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741 014, Taiwan, R.O.C.

R D Center Fab 12B 168, Park Ave. 2, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300 091, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Fab 14B 17, Nan Ke 9th Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741 014, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Fab 2, Fab 5 121, Park Ave. 3, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300 096, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Fab 15B 1, Xinke Rd., Central Taiwan Science Park, Taichung 428 015, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Fab 6 1, Nan Ke North Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741 014, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Fab 8 25, Li Hsin Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300 094, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Rd., Central Taiwan Science Park, Taichung 428 303, Taiwan, R.O.C.

Advanced Backend Fab 6 No.1, Kezhuan 1st Rd., Zhunan Township, Miaoli County 350 012 Taiwan, R.O.C.

Advanced Backend Fab 3 101, Longyuan 6th Rd., Longtan Dist., Taoyuan City 325 002, Taiwan, R.O.C.

VisEra Technologies Company Limited 12, Dusing Rd.