We make sustainable solutions for our future work.

Climate events of 2022 have given us a glimpse of what this will look like for the planet and its people.

According to the World Economic Forum, the planet saw 10 natural disasters in the year that cost society approximately 3 billion each.

But these figures don’t capture the human cost of these events it’s the lives impacted and those lost that speak to the devastating and incalculable impact of climate change.

At Eaton, we understand the irreversible losses that come with inaction.

We embrace the tremendous responsibility we have and the urgency we face to act now.

We continue to push forward in our journey to pursue our bold environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals a focus that’s reflected in our progress in the last year: We reduced our carbon footprint, decreasing our.

GHG emissions by 3% in the year and bringing the total reduction to 27%, or more than 50% of our 2030 goal.

We met a milestone in our zero waste to landfill goal, with 75% of our manufacturing sites now holding this certification against our 2030 goal of 100%.

Also, by the first quarter of 2023, we had certified 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge, meeting our 2030 target seven years ahead of our goal.

In the year, we delivered sustainable solutions for our customers and the world that represented 71% of our net sales, a 6% increase over 2021.

We continued to build engagement among our employees, achieving an 83% engagement rate among our teams and meeting our target of delivering an average of 12 hours of training for every Eaton employee.

To our stakeholders, In a sobering report published in the first quarter of 2023, the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) announced that the planet is on course to exceed the 1.5 degrees Celsius temperature threshold the world has been scrambling to avoid.

Unless nations and companies take immediate action, we will meet this potentially catastrophic moment within the next decade.

And we prioritized doing business right for ourselves and our suppliers, ensuring that suppliers representing 93% of our total supplier spend affirmed our code of conduct.

Also in the year, we issued our first sustainability linked bond, establishing a financial incentive for our company to meet our emissions reduction goals, a decisive step toward achieving our 2030 science based targets and helping to mitigate climate change.

Our vision To improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services.

Our aspirational goals Be the preferred supplier to our customers and channel partners Make work exciting, engaging and meaningful for our employees.

Make communities stronger Ensure health, wellness and safety for our employees.

Be a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry.

We’re helping our customers reduce emissions by designing low carbon technologies and solutions that allow them to add more renewable energy sources, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure to their operations.

We’re also collaborating with governments globally to accelerate the energy transition.

In the U.S., we’re working with state and federal leaders to advance the adoption of electric vehicle infrastructure, to modernize the power grid to facilitate the deployment of more distributed energy resources, and to support programs to electrify homes and achieve new levels of energy efficiency.

In Europe, we’re advocating for new regulations and legislation to eliminate SF6 gas in switchgear and to help the EU achieve its goal to become climate neutral by 2050.

Finally, we remain committed to transparently reporting on our sustainability progress, policies and performance in our 2022 Sustainability and Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures reports.

As governments worldwide continue to increase sustainability disclosure requirements, we stand ready to provide the nations where we operate and all our stakeholders visibility into the work we’re doing to halt the crippling impacts of climate change.

Despite our progress, climate science is showing that we have much work ahead of us.

Scientists indicate that we still have time to act to avoid the catastrophic consequences ahead.

We’re leveraging the full resources, expertise and passion of our teams around the world to ensure we keep the promise we’ve made to society: to protect the environment and improve the quality of life for people today and for the generations that will follow.

We’re an intelligent power management company committed to improving the quality of life and the environment.

Our products, technologies and services make a difference in the world.

The world is experiencing some of the most important secular growth trends that we will see in our lifetime: the explosive rise of digitalization and the energy transition from fossil fuels to renewables changes being driven by unprecedented growth in electrification and climate change.

We’re responding by deploying our four part sustainability strategy, which addresses environmental, social and governance issues.

It also allows us to meet today’s changing power management needs, while making good on our mission to improve the quality of life and the environment.

We’re making considerable progress in achieving our goals.

Goal: Share our minority and gender pay equity assurance results.

Consistent with our vision to improve the quality of life and the environment and as a participant in the U.N.

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through our 2030 sustainability targets.

Employee health and well being is a business priority.

Our management of employee health and safety practices and our wellness initiatives further good health and well being.

We assure fair pay equity, prioritize gender diversity in management, leadership and board composition, as well as provide programs for women to advance in STEM.

We focus on responsible water practices to maximize our efficient use of resources and minimize potential negative impacts caused by effluents.

We manufacture solutions that are used in processes that improve water efficiency, quality, sanitation and desalination.

Our solutions help to reduce emissions and waste and are also used in renewable energy, grid management and energy storage applications.

We respect human rights and require our suppliers to do the same.

Our Ethics guide sets minimum expectations for our employees and suppliers.

We offer training, apprenticeship, mentoring and employee development programs.

Our power management technologies play a key role in updating infrastructure and retrofitting industries to make them more resource efficient.

Our products reduce emissions and waste and are also used in renewable energy, grid management and energy storage applications.

Our strategic focus on inclusion and diversity and U.S. minority and gender pay equity helps to advance equality in our operations around the world.

Our products help make densely populated areas more resilient and energy efficient.

We are also innovating solutions for rural and developing areas to help power needs be met all over the world.

We are driving the movement to a circular economy one that is aimed at eliminating waste and making the best use of natural resources.

By 2030, we aim to achieve zero waste to landfill status at 100 percent of our manufacturing facilities.

We develop products that contribute to climate change mitigation and are transparent about the risks and opportunities climate change poses for our business.

We engage our suppliers in climate action and work to decarbonize our own operations.

Energy transition: replacing carbon based fuels with renewables The energy transition is changing how power needs to be managed and optimized for homes, at a facility level and for utilities.

As energy flows through the grid bi directionally and through more devices than ever before, our approach allows homeowners, businesses and communities to reduce the environmental impact of energy.

We help customers safely add more renewables, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure to their energy mix to become more sustainable and resilient while lowering energy costs.

Electrical systems typically incorporate technology from many manufacturers and get upgraded and modernized over time.

This makes it a challenge to ensure all the hardware, software and controls work well together.

Through an open communications platform, our smart breakers make it possible to accelerate energy management and monitoring, providing new ability to switch out energy sources as needed and control everything from one device.

This kind of ease and flexibility is helping accelerate electrification and the energy transition to renewables.

Vehicle manufacturers are introducing electrified models of all sizes from passenger cars to heavy duty trucks.

While batteries are most utilized in light duty vehicles, hydrogen has been identified as a promising energy carrier for long haul freight.

Hydrogen can be transformed within a fuel cell, which powers the electric motor, and can be eventually burned in a combustion engine with zero CO2 emissions.

To further support development of hydrogen technologies in the Czech Republic, Eaton joined the Czech Hydrogen Technology Platform (HYTEP).

Eaton’s membership in HYTEP will help accelerate the decarbonization of transportation.

At Eaton, we power solutions for global change in a world that needs smarter, more efficient and more sustainable power management solutions.

Companies and communities alike depend on Eaton to solve some of the planet’s toughest power management challenges.

That’s a responsibility we take seriously because we owe it to future generations to leave the world a safer and more sustainable place to live.

In our journey to optimize energy usage worldwide, we’re focused on three key priorities: the energy transition to renewables, electrification, and digitalization.

Eaton is collaborating and innovating around the world to develop integrated EV charging infrastructure to support the rapid adoption of EVs.

In Switzerland, Eaton joined forces with four other companies to build a microgrid demonstrator that will be capable of supplying electricity to local businesses and charging up to 350 electric vehicles at a time.

Additionally, Eaton is working with the EU supported Flow Consortium to develop integrated technologies and business models needed to support mass deployment of electric vehicle charging infrastructure.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Electrification: powering next generation transportation and much more The electrification of more areas of the economy, including transportation, building systems and industry, will drive a substantial increase in power demand by 2050.

We help facilitate transport electrification today and collaborate with companies around the globe to innovate the technologies of the future.

Eaton has endorsed the global Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on Zero Emission Medium and Heavy Duty Vehicles (MHDVs).

The initiative is propelled by CALSTART and calls for 30% of new MHDVs to be emissions free by 2030, and 100% of new MHDV trucks to be emissions free by 2040.

As part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work with its industry partners to overcome strategic, political and technical barriers accelerate zero emission vehicle production and deployment and increase investment and economies of scale to make the transition faster and more cost effective.

Our Breaktor technology is a new advanced circuit protection solution for battery electric vehicles (BEVs) that combines the function of fuses, pyro switches and contactors into a single coordinated device.

As electric vehicle power levels increase, the Breaktor circuit protection solution solves the ever increasing coordination challenge between fuses and contactors while offering fast, safe and reliable protection for high power battery and inverter systems.

This circuit protection technology was named a 2022 Automotive News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch.

Our Breaktor technology was named a 2022 Automotive News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch.

Our lightweight, compact EV reduction gears are designed to minimize noise, vibration and harshness (NVH), weight and cost, while maximizing motor efficiency and battery range.

EV gearing design and production is part of our complete portfolio of ePowertrain and eMobility solutions, including integrated gear and motor shafts, EV reduction gearing, and EV differentials, all designed to manage the unique torque requirements of EVs.

Our 3 in 1 battery pack vent valve for EV batteries is capable of several unique functions, including a battery case leak check mechanism, as well as passive and active venting to provide overpressure relief for a vehicle’s battery pack.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Digitalization: new connections optimize energy consumption By leveraging digital technologies including connected devices, cloud and mobile platforms, artificial intelligence and machine learning at scale, Eaton is able to transform power management making power safer, more sustainable and efficient for customers and partners.

In our 2022 Brightlayer research report, we examine the importance of factoring the energy transition into digital transformation planning and the impact that a more expansive view can have on four power critical industries: industrial, utilities, buildings and data centers.

Eaton Project Center is a collaborative, self serve digital platform that includes order management, downloadable reports and technical support.

The platform helps customers drive electrical projects from design and construction to commissioning and operation in one centralized place.

Powered by our Brightlayer platform, Green Motion EV smart breaker chargers enable fast AC charging, real time energy insights and integration with onsite renewable and energy storage systems to advance smart and sustainable energy systems.

Eaton’s Advanced Distribution Planning System (ADPS) is a model based, analytical enterprise software featuring CYME power system modeling and analyses.

ADPS helps utilities accelerate decarbonization through the increased adoption of renewable energy sources.

Figure 2: Our Brightlayer digital foundation combines deep domain knowledge with artificial intelligence, machine learning and data processing technologies.

Positive impact solutions: designed with a purpose Eaton engineers design solutions that enable our customers to conserve resources and make smart energy decisions.

That’s why we’ve committed to spending 3 billion on sustainable research and development by 2030.

We use the six dimensions of our award winning Positive Impact Framework (PIF) to design solutions that deliver a range of sustainability benefits, including reduced environmental impact, increased use phase efficiency, safety and reliability.

In 2022, 72% of our top new product development programs enabled a positive sustainability impact.

In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions have surpassed our 2030 target.

However, we expect some of this decline is temporary due to pandemic related decreases in production levels.

We are continuing our work to reduce Scope 3 emissions through shifting the sales mix of our solutions to more efficient technologies and lower carbon intensity products.

Also, category 11 emissions may also be reduced by greening of the grid and shifts in portfolio sales related to certain industries.

We expect some of these reductions to be more permanent and some to change as industries recover and our company grows.

Partnering for sustainable development Eaton is collaborating on several projects as an active member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) including engagement on the creation of WBCSD’s Avoided Emissions Guidance, which was recently endorsed by the G7 tackling Scope 3 transparency through our involvement in The Partnership for Carbon Transparency (PACT) workstream, which focuses on establishing a global methodology for accurate, primary and verified GHG emissions data exchange and participating in the Horizon Zero Aluminum Working Group pilot in partnership with Rocky Mountain Institute and the Automotive Partnership for Carbon Transparency (A PACT).

We’re also involved in several other initiatives with WBCSD that include tackling systemic challenges for a sustainable transition to renewables, decarbonizing transportation, automotive supply chain decarbonization and more.

SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) is a colorless, odorless gas and an excellent insulator in electrical switchgear but it tops the list of the most potent greenhouse gases.

As an alternative to SF6, gas mixtures based on fluoronitrile C4F7N have been identified as one of the most promising candidates.

Detailing this research, three members of the Eaton’s Arc Modeling and Simulation CoE team, Venkat R. Narayanan, Mykhailo Gnybida, and Christian R mpler, published a paper entitled, Transport and radiation properties of C4F7N CO2 gas mixtures with added oxygen in the Journal of Physics D: Applied Physics.

Eaton’s publication in this prestigious international journal underlines our capabilities in this field, and the knowledge gained through this research project will be important for achieving our sustainability targets.

Eaton’s Positive Impact Framework (PIF) received a 2022 Digital Engineering Award and was recognized as a Top Sustainability Initiative in the Champion category.

As a result of the PIF adoption within Eaton, the average carbon footprint indexed within our Electrical Sector has been reduced over the last two years by almost 10% of CO2 equivalents.

Additionally, new products released over the last ten months show the potential of reducing our Electrical Sector’s year to date product related greenhouse gas impact by 5.1% of CO2 equivalents.

Carbon: the race to zero We are driving actions to decarbonize our emissions and advance a net zero future.

According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change we must limit global warming to 1.5 C and reach net zero global carbon emissions by 2050.

Our greenhouse gas reduction targets put us on a pathway that is aligned with reaching this target and have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

We are on track to meet our goal of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 50% and to be carbon neutral by 2030.

We will achieve this by reducing the carbon intensity of our Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity and reductions to our Scope 1 direct emissions from natural gas, fleet emissions and process fuels.

Where emissions cannot be reduced by 2030, we plan to use carbon offsets.

At our sites around the globe, we are focused on reducing energy consumption and decarbonizing our energy supply, and have committed to rigorous, defined targets to reduce waste and water.

One of our critical sustainability goals is to mitigate climate change while improving the efficiency of our operations.

We have identified several innovative ways to promote resource use reduction that not only limit emissions and our consumption of resources, but also lower our cost of production.

Our businesses are held accountable for the implementation of these efforts by our Sustainability Executive Council led by Chairman and CEO, Craig Arnold.

Eaton’s sustainability linked notes offering represents a significant step in aligning Eaton’s long term financing structures with its ambitious environmental targets.

The sustainability linked notes interest rate is subject to the achievement of a Sustainability Performance Target (SPT) to achieve at least a 40% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by year end 2027, relative to a 2018 baseline.

Learn more about how we’re leveraging financial tools to meet our sustainability goals.

Eaton’s digital transformation involves efforts to digitalize our manufacturing footprint and drive productivity for our operations through the implementation of Industry 4.0 solutions.

Eaton’s new Digital Factory Initiative aims to have the majority of our sites in the demonstrating or higher stage of Industry 4.0 integration.

Waste: reduce, reuse, repair, recycle Our waste philosophy at Eaton centers around four key pillars: reduce, reuse, recycle, repair.

Our process starts with eliminating waste streams before they reach our facilities and then engaging partners to help us divert our remaining waste from landfills.

We are driving the movement to a circular economy one that is aimed at eliminating waste and making the best use of natural resources.

We believe that a circular mindset should be applied across the life of a product, from the way we design and manufacture it, to our ability to extend its life, give it a second life, or recycle it to re enter the supply chain.

We implement a zero waste to landfill certification program1, which is awarded to sites that consistently achieve a landfill waste diversion rate of 98% or more through either reuse, composting, recycling or incineration with energy recovery.

Each of Eaton’s zero waste sites are subjected to a third party audit process that includes verifying conformance to our definition and ensuring proper tracking and oversight practices are maintained.

For certain markets, miniature circuit breakers are made of thermoset based enclosures that are difficult to recycle and either must be landfilled or incinerated.

Through sustainable R D investments, Eaton has engineered a novel formulation based on thermoplastic material, which is recyclable with a better arc track performance during short circuit events.

This thermoset to thermoplastic conversion could support not only a circular economy through increased recyclability and reduced material consumption by 34%, but can also potentially result in reduced life cycle end of life CO2 emissions by about 52%, based on Eaton's internal screening Life Cycle Analysis (LCA).

We're currently evaluating potential applications of this material in our electrical product offerings.

Eaton’s Vehicle Group annually remanufactures thousands of transmissions, clutches, and electronic components.

Our remanufacturing process reuses more than 60% of materials that are returned.

Vehicle remanufactured products have a 20% lower carbon footprint compared to the equivalent new product, according to a recent internal life cycle assessment (LCA).

This reuse results in fewer raw materials and energy to produce and deliver the parts, saving about 2,200 MT CO2e in 2022.

Our remanufacturing strategy is one of the ways Vehicle Group is contributing to the circular economy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with manufacturing and supporting products.

Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion.

The Electric Utility Industry Sustainable Supply Chain Alliance (EUISSCA) named Eaton the grand winner of its Transforming the Supply Chain Award in the Case Study category.

Our award winning case study focused on our capacitor take back and recycling program launched in 2019 by our Power Systems Division.

The capacitor take back program is the first of its kind in the U.S. and offers the pickup, loading and recycling of any capacitor unit, regardless of age, manufacturer or condition.

The capacitor take back program has recycled more than 60,000 pounds of waste material, diverting it from going to a landfill.

Eaton was named a top company by Sustainability Magazine for our progress toward our 100% zero waste to landfill goal.

All Eaton sites have strict waste regulations, and all suppliers must adhere to the company’s minimal waste standards.

Water: active water stewardship To reduce freshwater consumption as much as possible and to ensure that water is used responsibly, we look for ways to treat water once it has been used and reuse it in downstream processes.

We recognize that the water we use at our own facilities is a shared resource.

And while our processes are not particularly water intensive, water is critical to many of our operations and our communities.

Each of our sites must maintain up to date water maps and documentation of the following sources: water intake water use and wastewater generation (including noncontact cooling water).

We implement a zero water discharge certification program where sites must consistently achieve an industrial wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less.

Certified sites must manage industrial wastewater in a beneficial manner so that at least 98% of water is recycled and reused.

Employees taking active stewardship of the environment The Green Guardians at Eaton are an active employee group focused on promoting sustainable lifestyles.

This group spearheads facility wide projects and events such as composting programs, installing LED lighting and slow flow faucets, planting community gardens and cleaning local waterways.

The group communicates regularly through an open, internal forum where employees share articles, tips and photos.

Discussions range from asking for how to advice on reducing personal fossil fuel use to sharing low carbon diet recipes.

For nearly a decade, Eaton has maintained an annual Sustainability Awards program.

In 2022, more than 130 submissions from Eaton teams showcased how local projects advance our 2030 sustainability targets.

Our Vehicle Group plant in Valinhos, Brazil, installed a reverse osmosis system to reuse a portion of the site’s treated wastewater in its cooling towers.

After implementing the new system, the site’s reuse of industrial wastewater in the plant reached 50%, getting the plant closer to achieving its zero water discharge certification and contributing to Eaton’s overall water reduction goals.

Our Electrical Sector's Eaton Power Quality Private Limited (EPQPL) Pondicherry, India, site received the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National Award for Excellence in Water Management.

The Award was conferred during CII’s Water Innovation Summit in New Delhi.

The site’s efforts toward effective water management included achieving Eaton’s zero water discharge certification, and the Dual Pipeline project, which uses treated graywater for flushing.

Inclusion and diversity: diverse perspectives power a better company When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we as individuals and as a company are stronger.

As the world shifts around us, our employees’ creativity, passion for the work they do, and deep commitment to improving the lives of others are driving innovation across our company, making it possible for us to meet the needs of our customers and stakeholders.

We stand united in our commitment to living by our values and embracing inclusion, diversity and equity inside our company and in society.

And we remain committed to putting diverse perspectives to work, today and in the years to come, to benefit all those we serve.

This is not a new journey for us, and we know there is more work to do.

By 2030, we aim to:    Achieve an inclusion index score of 80% or higher.

Our mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies.

But we can’t improve society without also looking inward.

Our employees care about creating a better and more sustainable world.

A fully engaged workforce is essential to building a happier, more satisfied workforce.

No one person or single company can advance sustainability initiatives alone.

It takes a culture of awareness, inclusion and engagement.

Strengthening our pipeline of diverse talent It is Eaton’s policy to make all decisions regarding employment, including hiring, compensation, training, promotions, transfers or layoffs, based on the principle of equal employment opportunity and without discrimination.

We actively work to strengthen our diverse pipeline of talent in support of our inclusion and diversity strategy.

Every year, Eaton recruits through its memberships with the National Society of Black Engineers, the Society of Women Engineers and the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers.

Additionally, in 2022, Eaton was recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the second consecutive year, scoring 100 out of 100 on the Disability Equality Index.

In 2022, Eaton was named a Mansfield 2.0 Certified Legal Department (MRLD) and achieved the MRLD Certification Plus designation.

These achievements indicate that Eaton has met MRLD's consideration requirement by considering at least 50% historically underrepresented lawyers for its leadership roles and exceeded it, with underrepresented lawyers comprising at least 50% of Eaton’s current legal leadership team.

We believe it is incumbent for us to remove barriers to employment and advancement by allowing individuals with prior criminal records to fairly compete for job opportunities.

By shortening the look back period on certain misdemeanors and emphasizing the philosophy when reviewing criminal flags, 82.4% of applicants with criminal convictions passed our screening in 2022.

Our IT department worked with a national company focused on creating jobs for people with disabilities, to identify individuals in their program who had the IT skills to help us manage access to internal systems.

The company held a workshop with candidates and identified four individuals who were assigned to Eaton.

Additionally, a series of workshops on understanding neurodiversity were held with the Eaton employees who would work with the new employees.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Talent attraction and development Today’s workforce expects meaningful and engaging work with opportunities to grow and flourish.

That’s why one of the pillars of our sustainability strategy is enlisting and leveraging our employees to multiply our positive impact.

We engage with our employees through enterprise wide town halls, by hosting informal listening meetings or surveying groups of employees on specific subjects.

Community involvement and charitable giving We strive to help the communities in which we operate become vibrant places to live and work.

We serve many communities around the world, and our employees' skills and ideas reflect them.

We are proud to be active participants in our local communities, and our goal is to bring tangible and sustainable benefits to the places in which we live and work.

In 2022, we donated approximately 10 million in charitable contributions around the world.

These donations support arts and culture, community and economic development, education, environment, health and human service programs and more.

Donations are aimed at both addressing community needs and supporting employee involvement.

The team at our Cuautitl n, Mexico, site donated 35,000 to Comedores de Amor, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping children and young people in poverty by providing them with food, clothes and support for formal education.

When we support the community, we are helping to create a better world for everyone, said Benjam n Dozal, plant manager, Residential Wiring Devices (RWD), Cuautitl n, M xico.

This project has been a great way to help those who need us most.

I appreciate the support of the RWD team from Cuautitl n, M xico, for their work and passion to make this project a reality and for continuing to making what matters work.

Eaton contributed more than 300,000 to 35 nonprofit organizations in Pittsburgh and southwestern Pennsylvania.

Our regional employees are helping build a stronger community by participating in numerous regional organizations, volunteering their time and acting as stewards for the Eaton Charitable Fund.

In the region, the Eaton Charitable Fund provided support to both long standing and new recipients, including Meals on Wheels, Verland, the Matt Alterio Foundation and many other nonprofit organizations serving the community.

Ethics and compliance: we all own ethics We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the center of the business.

This means we believe everyone at our company plays a role in creating and sustaining an ethical culture.

We expect all employees to do the right thing every time.

In 2022, we were once again honored by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies.

Eaton was one of only seven companies in the Industrial Manufacturing segment to receive this recognition, and this was the eleventh time that Eaton has been recognized.

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our culture.

We nurture the right values and make clear what we mean by acting with integrity.

By continuing to meet the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect an important part of what makes us uniquely successful in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees.

Our commitment to doing business right begins at the highest levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day through the actions of our employees.

Resilient and sustainable supply chain At Eaton, we care about creating a sustainable and ethically managed supply chain to make the world a better place for all.

We strive to create transparent relationships with our suppliers, with clear expectations and explicit guidance governing the way we do business.

Our suppliers’ worker health and safety is a top priority.

We require our suppliers to affirm commitments to responsible labor and human rights practices to secure and maintain our business through our Supplier Code of Conduct.

The code is embedded in our standard terms and conditions and outlines Eaton’s expectations for supplier workplace standards and business practices, including human rights issues such as modern slavery, human trafficking and conflict minerals.

Eaton earns A for supplier sustainability engagement Eaton earned an A score for supply chain engagement from CDP, making the organization’s 2022 Supplier Engagement Leaderboard for climate action.

Our company is among the top 8% CDP assessed for supplier engagement on climate change.

Eaton’s supplier engagement rating is related to how we manage our interactions with suppliers, our supplier sustainability strategy, our upstream carbon targets and performance and our engagement with our supply chain and strategic suppliers’ sustainability.

In 2022, we targeted our largest spend and most carbon intense suppliers for engagement through CDP, engaging 50% of our suppliers by spend.

Received a Silver recognition for 2022 Top Global Champion of the Year by the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC).

Awardees for Supplier Diversity and Inclusion from WEConnect International.

Many statements in this report are forward looking statements related to projections and future plans that are based, and inherently subject to, on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns.

These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

We do not assume any obligation to update these forward looking statements.

ESG Disclosure page here: Reports and disclosures Sustainability Eaton sustainability reporting.

Eaton’s 2022 Sustainability Report covers activities and data which occurred during the 2022 calendar year at the Eaton Corp PLC level.

It describes our governance, policies, management approaches, targets, metrics and key activities for our material1 ESG issues.

It focuses on our priority issues and supplements our financial reporting in our Annual Report.

Given Eaton’s size and global operations, data is collected through various internal reporting systems.

Eaton also aligns our disclosures with reputable ESG frameworks including the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

We publish our TCFD report annually on the governance, strategy, risk management, metrics and targets related to our climate risks and opportunities, which can be found in Appendix A.

Eaton reports on all priority ESG issues identified by the SASB for our industry.

Eaton’s ESG Databook and SASB Index can be found in Appendix B.

This report has been prepared with reference to the 2021 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

GRI is an independent international organization that has pioneered sustainability reporting since 1997.

Eaton’s GRI Content Index can be found in Appendix C.

Eaton reports on climate change and water annually to CDP.

Our greenhouse gas, zero water discharge and zero waste to landfill metrics have been third party verified and are determined to be materially correct.

We verify Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions at a reasonable level of assurance according to ISO 14064 3:2019 standard.

We verify Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions at a limited level of assurance according to ISO 14064 3:2019 standard.

Eaton is prioritizing ESG disclosure processes and controls and a roadmap to more assurance of ESG data in preparation for upcoming compliance with sustainability reporting regulations in the United States and the European Union.

Eaton periodically assesses our impact on the environment, our communities and the economy.

We consider internal and external stakeholder expectations for our sustainability strategy, targets and performance.

As part of our periodic review and evaluation of our ESG Material1 topics, we ensure we focus on relevant and emerging issues that impact Eaton and our stakeholders.

Our first analysis of key sustainability topics was finalized in 2014, and in 2017 we completed our first refresh.

In 2022, we undertook a comprehensive ESG materiality assessment aligned with the latest recommendations of the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards.

Context identification: First, we defined the context by identifying the likely material topics for Eaton based on our sector.

Because GRI has not yet defined Sector Standards for Eaton’s sector, we started with the comprehensive list of GRI Universal Standards and Material topics as our basis for analysis.

We also reviewed the risks as identified by our Enterprise Risk Management process and their linkages to ESG topics.

In addition, Eaton conducted a benchmark analysis of some of our critical external stakeholders: global frameworks, disclosure standards, reporting frameworks, associations and ESG raters and rankers.

Analysis: We quantitatively analyzed external ESG frameworks, surveys, ratings and association standards to understand external views on materiality as they apply to Eaton.

Our ESG Materiality Taskforce guided and advised the analysis process.

Members of the taskforce include representatives from sustainability, Environmental Health and Safety (EHS), finance, legal, and our Electrical and Industrial sectors.

The taskforce surveyed suppliers and employees and interviewed customers and Eaton leaders across the broad range of GRI topics to understand what these stakeholder groups view as impactful to the world or significant to Eaton.

Interviewees were also asked to provide qualitative input on how Eaton’s business strategy might impact the environment and society in the future.

Investor interviews and discussion topics were reviewed and ESG topics of interest were quantitatively analyzed across the GRI topic areas.

Eaton’s senior leaders validated these findings, which were shared with our Board of Directors for input and approval.

The information contained in this report, including but not limited to any facts or forwarding looking statements, should not be interpreted as a decision by Eaton that such information is material information as that term is used or understood in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or as that term is defined by the Supreme Court in TSC Industries v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976).

Establishment of significant topics: Based on the analysis process above, the ESG taskforce created a list of priority ESG topics to form the basis of Eaton’s GRI reporting boundary.

Eaton may report on additional topics not identified, but these topics are deemed to be the most important of which to disclose our management approach and impact.

Together, these topics are expected to reflect Eaton’s significant economic, environmental and or social impacts and to enable our stakeholders to assess our company.

For each material topic, GRI recommends providing an explanation of why the topic is material and the boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of where the impacts occur the organization’s involvement with the impacts and any specific limitation regarding the topic boundary.

Ensuring education and policies are in place to promote ethical behavior, as well as the means to safely and anonymously report suspected misconduct includes management and policies to help prevent corruption, bribery and anti competitive behaviors.

Responsible consumption of energy, increasing use of renewables and alternative fuels.

Providing safe working conditions and access to resources to maintain and improve workers’ physical and emotional well being.

Employing a diverse workforce in a range of age, ethnicity, physical abilities, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or other character attributes and working to build a culture of inclusion around these different perspectives this also includes eliminating discrimination.

Taking steps to minimize the contribution of our operational footprint to global climate change the impact of responding and adapting to climate change on our business strategy and growth.

Demonstrating good stewardship of the materials included in our packaging and products, including management of chemicals and recycled content.

Managing and minimizing our waste footprint through efficiencies, recycling and reuse this also includes reduction and responsible handling of hazardous waste and e waste.

Using our water resources wisely, through reducing consumption, making efficiency gains, increasing water recycling and remediating water sources when necessary.

Developing solutions oriented products that provide environmental, health or social benefit examples of these products could include electrification, digitalization and energy transition, water efficiency and grid resilience solutions.

Researching and developing new products for Eaton and successfully integrating technological advancements to grow the productivity and value of the company.

Assessing and reducing the impact of a product from material sourcing through disposal creating products that are conceived in alignment with Design for the Environmental principles (Includes Environmental Product Declarations).

Protecting data from potential negative incidents, using customer information only for its original intended purpose (unless explicitly agreed otherwise), and ensuring the privacy and security of employees, customers and suppliers by protecting information systems from unintended or unauthorized access.

Respecting human dignity by providing a fair, living wage, promoting indigenous people's rights, and eliminating the use of underage and forced labor throughout Eaton's value chain, promoting fair labor practices and respecting workers’ freedom of association and right to collective bargaining.

Management of supply chain impacts to human rights and communities.

The upstream environmental footprint from our suppliers’ waste, water and energy consumption.

Includes spending on local suppliers, small and medium enterprises, female and minority owned enterprises.

Role of the Board from year to year, depending upon the composition of the Board at that time.

Eaton’s Board of Directors oversees Eaton’s business strategy.

Our Board works with management to consider specific issues relevant to the overall conduct of our businesses, including strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, acquisitions and other strategic alliances.

Our Board and company are focused on meeting the needs of all our stakeholders our employees, customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders.

Eaton’s enduring commitment to inclusion and diversity is exemplified in the composition of our Board.

Our Board recognizes the value of nominating director candidates who bring diverse opinions, perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to Board deliberations.

As of December 31, 2022, our Board was comprised of 11 members, and as a result of the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially ethnically diverse.

In order for a director candidate to be recommended by our Governance Committee, a candidate must have the following minimum qualifications: personal ability, integrity, relevant business background, independence, experience, expertise in areas of importance to our objectives, and sensitivity to our corporate responsibilities.

In addition, our Governance Committee looks for individuals with specific qualifications so that the Board has diversity in experience, international perspective, background, expertise, skills, age, gender and ethnicity.

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, while our management is responsible for the day to day management of the material risks facing Eaton.

Our Board has chosen to retain overall responsibility for risk assessment and oversight at the Board level in light of the interrelated nature of the elements of risk, rather than delegating this responsibility to a Board committee.

The Board is also responsible for oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management program, which identifies, assesses and mitigates our top risks, including climate related and other ESG risks (detailed on page 24).

As noted above, our Board has ultimate oversight of our risk management and Eaton’s strategic direction, both of which drive our efforts related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

The Board’s oversight of ESG includes review of environmental, community affairs, corporate governance, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, culture and human capital management matters.

Our Board regularly considers ESG issues at full Board and committee meetings.

In addition, at Eaton’s annual strategy sessions, our Board regularly conducts a detailed review of Eaton’s sustainability strategy with management.

The Board has the following committees, which meet regularly throughout the year: Audit Compensation and Organization Finance Governance and Innovation and Technology.

Figure 1: Board of Directors metrics 2As reported in Eaton’s Annual Proxy Statements.

At each Board meeting, the committee chairs provide updates to our full Board on the activities of their respective committees.

Audit Committee: The Audit Committee reviews Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including any related to the environment and climate, and ESG matters generally.

The committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for specific ESG related public disclosures.

Compensation and Organization Committee: The Compensation and Organization Committee is responsible for reviewing relevant matters related to the social pillar of ESG, which may include matters such as employee engagement, culture, training and development, inclusion and diversity and pay equity.

The committee is also primarily responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, succession planning and compensation matters, and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance Committee: The Governance Committee is responsible for considering relevant matters related to the environmental and governance pillars of ESG, as determined by the committee from time to time.

Eaton’s chief legal officer regularly provides updates to the committee on corporate governance and related matters.

Eaton’s chief sustainability officer briefs the committee on environmental, health and safety matters.

Eaton’s vice president, Public Affairs provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs.

Finally, Eaton’s senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance meets with the committee at each of its meetings to provide updates on ethics and compliance matters.

With the support and oversight of the Board, strategic, financial, operational, legal and compliance risks and opportunities are continually assessed at management level by Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee (SLC), which is the most senior management committee within the organization.

The SLC participates in Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management process, which is our enterprise wide risk management framework.

Within this framework, risks that could significantly impact Eaton are evaluated, including risks related to climate change.

Those identified as top risks risks that could significantly impact Eaton’s financial condition or results of operations are actively managed by clearly identified owners, including members of the SLC.

Eaton’s Sustainability Executive Council is chaired by our chairman and chief executive officer, and also includes our chief operating officers, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief human resources officer, chief technology officer, executive vice president and chief supply chain officer, senior vice president, Investor Relations, and chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System.

The Sustainability Executive Council is responsible for developing our ESG and sustainability strategy and initiatives (Figure 2).

We have a variety of incentives from compensation to recognition for climate related performance.

We assess progress to goals through our performance management system, which enables us to evaluate each leader and employee against established goals and conformance to company values.

Meeting and exceeding our sustainability goals is essential to our overall business success.

To encourage progress across our business, we provide incentives for achieving high performance.

Our corporate executives are rated against performance metrics which include aggressive annual greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets.

We leverage these performance evaluations to make compensation and other financial incentive decisions for executive leaders.

Our 2022 GHG target was aligned with our science based greenhouse gas reduction target annual linear reduction rate.

All employees participate in our performance management system.

Top level goals are set by our chairman and CEO and are cascaded down through the organization.

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our culture.

We nurture the right values and make clear what we mean by acting with integrity.

By continuing to meet the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect an important part of what makes us uniquely successful in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees.

Our commitment to doing business right begins at the highest levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day through the actions of our employees.

We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the center of the business.

Our philosophy is based on the premise that we all own ethics.

This means we believe everyone at our company plays a role in creating and sustaining an ethical culture.

We expect all employees to do the right thing every time.

The Ethics and Compliance team is led by the senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance, whose appointment must be reviewed and approved by the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

The Ethics and Compliance team consists of experienced lawyers and other professionals around the globe.

To ensure the highest level of visibility and independence, the Governance Committee provides oversight of the Ethics and Compliance program, with the active, visible and consistent support of Eaton’s senior management.

A strong foundation: our Code of Ethics is the foundation of our commitment to doing business right.

The Code of Ethics consists of fundamental principles of ethical behavior.

Our employees, officers and directors all have the personal responsibility to read, know and comply with these principles in the performance of their duties.

Obeying the law: We respect and obey the laws, rules and regulations applying to our businesses around the world.

Maintaining integrity of recording and reporting our financial results: We properly maintain accurate and complete financial and other business records, and communicate full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable financial results and other priority information.

We have developed a system of internal controls designed to preserve the integrity of our records and information.

Respecting human rights: We respect human rights and require our suppliers to do the same.

Delivering quality: We are committed to producing quality products and providing quality services.

Competing ethically: We gain competitive advantage through superior performance.

We do not engage in unethical or illegal trade practices.

Respecting diversity and fair employment practices: We are committed to respecting a culturally diverse workforce through practices that provide equal access and fair treatment to all employees on the basis of merit.

We do not tolerate harassment or discrimination in the workplace.

Avoiding conflicts of interest: We avoid relationships or conduct that might compromise judgment or create actual or apparent conflicts between our personal interests and our loyalty to Eaton.

We do not use our position with Eaton to obtain improper benefits for others or ourselves.

We do not engage in activities or enter into relationships that compete with Eaton.

Protecting assets and information: We use Eaton property, information and opportunities for Eaton’s business purposes and not for unauthorized use.

We properly maintain the confidentiality of information and employee data entrusted to us by Eaton or others.

Acting with integrity: We do not offer or accept bribes, kickbacks or inappropriate gifts or entertainment.

We engage in business practices that are consistent with our ethics and values.

Selling to governments: We comply with the special laws, rules and regulations that relate to government contracts and relationships with government personnel.

Making political contributions: We prohibit political involvement on behalf of Eaton to political candidates or parties, even where lawful.

Managing environment, health and safety: We are committed to being a global leader in safeguarding the health and safety of our employees and protecting the environment.

Annually, targeted employees are asked to affirm that they have read, understand and will comply with the principles in Eaton’s Code of Ethics.

In addition, managers of people are also asked to certify that their direct reports received at least one hour of live ethics training annually.

Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct requires that suppliers comply with all anti corruption laws and prohibits suppliers from engaging in any form of bribery or corruption.

Eaton suppliers must affirm their commitment to Eaton’s Code of Ethics and Supplier Code of Conduct.

Third party distributors and sales agents must also confirm their adherence to Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct and Anti corruption Policy.

Employees who have concerns or questions about ethics and compliance are encouraged to speak up.

Managers and other leaders are encouraged to listen up by encouraging the reporting of questions and concerns.

They along with the Ethics and Compliance team follow up by responding to employees’ questions and concerns and taking necessary actions.

Eaton’s Ethics Help Line is an independent, anonymous whistleblower hotline with legal protection and a dedicated resource for employees and any other person (including customers and suppliers) to ask a question, raise a concern, or report questionable conduct or business practices.

Representatives are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and are available in multiple languages.

Eaton promotes transparency and accountability in handling ethics and compliance matters.

Matters reported to the Help Line or directly to Eaton’s Ethics and Compliance team are monitored, tracked, and reported to Eaton’s relevant leadership teams and Board committees.

In addition to the Help Line, employees are encouraged to ask questions and report concerns to their managers or Human Resources.

At a reporter’s election and subject to local law, reporting may be done anonymously.

Eaton has a strict non retaliation policy protecting employees who make good faith reports of ethics and compliance concerns.

Allegations of misconduct or questionable practices, regardless of source, are investigated as appropriate and confidentiality is maintained to the fullest extent possible.

Appropriate corrective actions are part of Eaton’s standard investigation process.

Depending on the outcome of an investigation, corrective actions may include employment action, additional training and modifications to processes or policies, among others.

Corrective action decisions are taken collaboratively, often with Ethics and Compliance, Human Resources, legal counsel and managers providing input.

Investigations also include root cause analysis, and lessons learned from key investigations are periodically shared across the organization.

In 2022, 1,641 matters were reported through the Help Line.

This translates to 1.8 per 100 employees, which is above the 2022 Navex benchmark of 1.37 matters 100 employees.

Forty one percent of matters were reported anonymously, which is below the Navex benchmark of 45%.

Forty seven percent of matters investigated and closed as of 12 31 2022 were substantiated.

Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is the company’s framework to ensure that enterprise wide, event based key risks are identified, assessed and mitigated.

Eaton’s ERM process requires a broad understanding of internal and external factors that can impact the company’s objectives and the ability to adapt to an evolving risk landscape.

Eaton leaders around the world participate in the annual risk assessment process, providing input and perspective into key operational, strategic, financial and compliance risks.

These risks are assessed based on two primary dimensions: overall impact to the company and probability of occurrence.

Key risks are reviewed at least annually with senior leadership and the Board of Directors.

A senior leader is assigned to each key risk and is responsible for overseeing and reporting on mitigation plans.

Each quarter the Board of Directors receives an update on the status of key risks and mitigation actions.

We periodically conduct anti corruption deep dive assessments of Eaton businesses based on a variety of factors that could indicate heightened risk.

The results of the deep dive risk assessments inform training strategy and other mitigation actions.

Managing our third parties: Conducting appropriate diligence on third parties is a core element of Eaton’s anti corruption strategy.

Eaton maintains a risk based due diligence program to screen certain third parties, including sales agents, distributors, suppliers and others acting on Eaton's behalf.

Before contracting with certain third parties, a background screening is conducted to identify potential risks, including those related to corruption.

In the event that a red flag is identified, further escalation and review takes place.

Eaton monitors its third party relationships on an ongoing basis for potential issues that may violate our Code of Ethics or Supplier Code of Conduct.

Our Anti corruption and Gift and Entertainment policies are also core components of our overall anti corruption strategy.

These policies are publicly available in multiple languages.

Eaton’s Anti corruption Policy strictly prohibits bribes, kickbacks or other corrupt payments as well as facilitation payments.

The policy applies to all employees, contingent workers, officers and directors of Eaton and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as Eaton’s third party representatives and other business partners.

The policy requires that Eaton, its third party representatives and other business partners comply with all applicable anti corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K.

Eaton’s prohibition of bribery is also a principle within our Code of Ethics.

Eaton’s Gift and Entertainment Policy prohibits lavish or inappropriate gifts, entertainment or travel and requires disclosure of gifts, entertainment and travel that meet certain thresholds.

The policy also applies to all employees, contingent workers, officers and directors of Eaton and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and also to Eaton’s third party representatives and other business partners.

Eaton reinforces its ethical culture and commitment to compliance through a comprehensive training program.

The risk based program delivers learning through live and online training as well as ongoing communications and outreach to employees.

Lessons learned based on internal and external matters are central to our approach and are shared transparently in the form of real life scenarios, case studies and communications, including through our annual Integrity Report to employees.

The online annual training curriculum is aligned with Eaton’s ERM program and targeted to specific employees based on their roles and responsibilities within the organization.

The curriculum is designed to provide practical guidance on Eaton’s principles and policies and mandatory instruction on topics such as anti corruption, cybersecurity, quality, global trade management, anti harassment, conflict minerals, human rights and forced labor and other key legal and regulatory areas.

We also conduct live training on anti corruption and share lessons learned, whether they arise from internal matters or external events.

Anti corruption related issues are also discussed during employee training as part of Eaton’s required annual manager led ethics training and during ethics and compliance updates with business leaders and teams.

We continually measure the impact and effectiveness of our ethics and compliance program through a variety of data and metrics, leader feedback, benchmarking, employee surveys and external assessments.

In 2022, we commissioned an external review to assess our Ethics and Compliance program against leading regulatory standards and practices and identify opportunities to enhance effectiveness.

Our Internal Audit team routinely includes ethics and compliance topics within the scope of its audits.

In 2022, 42% of audits included anti corruption test steps.

Internal Audit also monitors business expenses for irregularities and audits Eaton’s Gift Registry, the disclosure tool required for gifts and travel that meet certain thresholds.

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (EBS), is a member of Eaton's Senior Leadership Committee (SLC), and reports climate related and environmental issues including waste reduction, hazardous materials management, water usage and energy, on a quarterly basis.

The SLC is the highest level non Board committee, and its members report directly to the Board of Directors on major corporate and business issues.

Results on material1 risks, including climate change issues and other environmental topics, are reported to the Board of Directors on an annual basis or more frequently depending on circumstances, and other risks are reported as scheduled.

In the case of climate change, all aspects are included in the twice yearly report out to the Board by the CSO and EVP, EBS.

Eaton is committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our operations and products wherever we do business and to continuously improve our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) performance.

It is the responsibility of every employee to meet this EHS policy.

To that end, Eaton applies a standard group of practices worldwide for energy and water consumption, waste generation and other environmental impacts.

Eaton is guided by MESH (Management of Environment, Safety, Security and Health), a globally deployed, unified system which consolidates existing programs into one integrated management system.

All Eaton facilities worldwide work toward consistent goals, applying the same metrics, setting targets for improvement and identifying and sharing best practices.

Most importantly, MESH elevates EHS from a series of isolated activities to a responsibility shared by all Eaton employees.

MESH is also designed to conform with international standards such as ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 ISO 45001.

Functional leaders in partnership with the businesses develop risk mitigation plans that are integrated into Eaton’s strategic planning and profit planning processes.

Greenhouse gas, water, waste and energy reduction targets are established both annually and long term.

These environmental targets are approved by the Chairman and CEO.

Greenhouse gas emissions, water use and waste metrics are reported quarterly to the businesses, senior leadership and the Board.

Eaton continually seeks to learn from and to replicate practices that increase efficiency and help incorporate renewable energy into our operations.

Through our Eaton Business System, we have procedures for continuous improvement and sharing best practices across the enterprise.

We align our greenhouse gas accounting methodology with the GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our practices are aligned with global standards.

Our businesses report on environmental performance to the CEO annually during Environmental Operations Reviews.

In support of our mission to improve the quality of life and environment, we are part of the global movement to limit the increase of the world’s temperature to 1.5 C by committing to science based targets.

A science based target is an objective, scientific evaluation of what is needed for global greenhouse gas emissions reduction to limit catastrophic climate change.

Our Management of Environmental Health and Safety (MESH) Policy includes our policy for environmental topics including energy use, the primary driver of our operational greenhouse gas emissions.

Implement energy efficient solutions in our operations, optimizing renewable energy generation and purchases, greening our energy contracts and, in the future, purchasing carbon offsets where necessary.

Regular meetings of a chartered executive sustainability council chaired by our CEO to provide oversight and enhance accountability and alignment on our sustainability strategy.

Invest in sustainable research and development targeted at creating sustainable solutions for our customers that reduce our value chain emissions.

Increase renewable energy use and electrification of scope one sources.

Energy efficiency: In 2022, Eaton completed ASHRAE Level 2 Energy Audits at 40 major manufacturing locations to create an updated strategic capital investment program focused on energy efficiency.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions through energy efficiency is a key action area in Eaton’s carbon reduction roadmap.

Eaton implemented 103 energy efficiency related capital projects at our manufacturing sites to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.

Renewable energy: Eaton continued to pursue multiple strategies for increasing renewable energy including an off site utility scale renewable Virtual Power Purchase Agreement in North America.

Eaton also installed new on site renewable energy at three additional sites in 2022, bringing Eaton’s total number of solar installations to 22 with an annual on site renewable energy production capacity of 11,170 MWh.

This represents about a 7,773 MT reduction in Eaton’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

Eaton also formalized a green building requirement for new construction and major renovations.

Results driven standards and payback, where applicable.

Supplier engagement: Eaton has been engaging with key suppliers through CDP since 2007.

During our 2021 supplier engagement, we shifted our strategic focus to assessing the climate action maturity of our supplier base.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report    Environment Disclosures capability to take climate action and to identify additional areas of opportunity for collaboration.

Using a data driven approach, we hosted several supplier webinars on the quantitative and qualitative aspects of climate action including how to get started with a GHG inventory, risk analyses and target setting.

We followed up with technical support as needed and provided additional improvement guides at the end of the disclosure cycle.

Targets and metrics: By 2030, our goals are to achieve a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (our 1.5 C aligned science based target) from operations and reach carbon neutral operations.

To discover and design the solutions that enable our customers to conserve resources and make smart energy decisions, we have committed to spending 3 billion in research and development by 2030.

We are working with our suppliers and customers to meet our science based target for a 15% reduction in indirect Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.

Figure 5: Climate and Energy KPIs Manufacturing3 operations only.

As global demand for water grows, we continue to reduce our water consumption and implement responsible water practices.

Our processes are not particularly water intensive, but water is critical to many of our operations.

And as water stress becomes more pronounced in some areas in which we operate, this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

Eaton uses the MESH management system to manage its stewardship of water resources.

The water management and conservation element establishes internal standards that require compliance with all regulatory requirements and minimization of any impact of water releases to the community and the environment where the plant operates.

The storm water management element establishes management procedures to minimize stormwater being exposed to industrial activities.

In 2021, Eaton implemented its zero water discharge program, which is an internal certification for manufacturing sites.

Eaton defines zero water discharge as consistently achieving an industrial wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less.

A key focus of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint is decreasing our water use.

By 2030, we aim to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge sites.

We are on track to meet our target with 8% of our manufacturing sites having achieved zero water discharge.

Additionally, we've reduced our global water usage by 15% since 2018.

We achieve our zero water initiatives by redesigning our industrial processes to reduce, reuse and recycle process water.

We use third party verification to ensure the quality of our program.

In 2022, Eaton continued to focus on water reduction and recycling, especially at our sites in regions ranked as high baseline water stress by World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.

This year, Eaton certified nine sites zero water discharge including sites in India, China, Mexico and Morocco.

Targets and metrics: Our primary water target is to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge by 2030.

Additionally, Eaton has an annual water use reduction target of 2%.

We focus our waste reduction efforts on diverting waste from the landfill in order to reduce our environmental footprint, conserve valuable operational resources and help the communities that we serve.

Eaton’s MESH Waste element establishes the characterization and management of wastes or byproducts which are either disposed or recycled, including the disposal or reuse of manufacturing equipment at Eaton’s facilities.

In addition, waste management must include waste minimization goals to reduce waste generation, thus minimizing a site’s waste disposal footprint.

We are working to reduce waste across our entire value chain by focusing on packaging, product materials, our own operations and managing end of life solutions.

A key focus of our footprint reduction is reducing waste.

By 2030, we aim to achieve zero waste to landfill status at 100% of our manufacturing facilities.

We are on track to meet our target with 75% of our manufacturing sites having achieved zero waste to landfill (ZWTL) status1.

Currently 95% of manufacturing waste is diverted from landfill.

We achieve our ZWTL initiatives by reuse, recycling, composting and incineration for energy generation.

We use third party verification to ensure the quality of our program.

In our operations, we focused this year on solutions for difficult waste streams to continue toward zero waste by partnering for innovation.

Figure 10: Annual percentage of waste diverted from landfill.

Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion, but has a different threshold for waste to energy.

ESG Disclosures extended producer responsibility programs.

In addition, as Eaton continues to use its Positive Impact Framework, more solutions will be circular by design.

Our remanufacturing business recovers end of life units (cores) from the market and returns them to like new condition and performance.

Our Electrical Sector power capacitor unit takeback and recycling program recycles nearly all the component material and has, to date, recycled more than 60,000 lbs.

This program is available in the U.S. and includes site pick up, loading and recycling of any capacitor unit regardless of age, manufacturer or condition.

In our Vehicle Group, Eaton remanufactures thousands of transmissions, clutches and electronics each year.

Our commitment to remanufacturing helps our customers save money and it maximizes the reuse of materials, saves energy and reduces emissions and waste.

Targets and metrics: By 2030, we aim to certify 100% of our manufacturing sites as zero waste to landfill.

We define zero waste to landfill as consistently achieving a landfill waste diversion rate of 98% or more through either reuse, composting, recycling or incineration with energy recovery where the heat generated by incineration is collected and used.

Each of Eaton’s zero waste sites are subjected to an audit process that includes verifying conformance to our definition and ensuring proper tracking and oversight practices are maintained.

We also have an annual landfill waste reduction target of 2%.

Product Development, R D and Innovation is the primary responsibility of the executive vice president and chief technology officer.

We have corporate research teams in the United States, China, India, Ireland and the Czech Republic.

Our data science teams work to expand our digital platforms and capabilities.

We collaborate with a robust ecosystem of partners that include academia, government agencies and research incubators.

PROLaunch is Eaton’s integrated processes designed to guide our program and project management processes, including product development from concept through production launch.

These products include Eaton's wide variety of solutions that improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The SDG patent alignment chart reflects active patent families in November 2021.

We track revenue from Eaton’s portfolio of sustainable solutions that enable electrification, energy transition, electric grid resilience, increasing efficiency in ground and air transportation and improved air quality.

Deemed clean tech by some stakeholders, these solutions align with the U.N. SDGs.

We measure success by several KPIs, including sustainable R D investments, percentage of New Product Innovation that meets the criteria of our Positive Impact Framework, the reduction of Scope 3 embedded carbon and use phase carbon in our solutions, how our solutions help our customers reduce their own emissions and how our solutions contribute overall to a low carbon future.

We also track how our patent families align with the U.N. SDGs.

Progress on these KPIs is reported regularly to a Steering Committee and biannually to the Sustainability Executive Council.

We continually take environmental concerns into account as a part of our product design process.

The principal objective of Design for the Environment (DfE) is to reduce the overall impact of a product across its lifecycle: production, distribution, use and end of life.

We have designed and integrated our Positive Impact Framework into our new product innovation system.

We are tracking the greenhouse gas reduction potential of new products with internal targets to continue to drive improvements in the sustainability of our portfolio of solutions.

Innovation advancing UN Sustainable Development Goals: Eaton’s patent portfolio is advancing several U.N. SDGS (Figure 11).

Using output from the LexisNexis PatentSight platform, Eaton has assessed the sustainability of our patents.

In Eaton’s patent portfolio, 27% of the active patent families advance at least one SDG.

Eighty percent of Eaton's patent families are aligned with Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure (SDG 9), Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 7) and Climate Action (SDG 13).

The trend is increased alignment of Eaton’s active patent portfolio with the UN goals with a 3% increase from 2014 to 2022.

We expect our alignment to continue accelerating as evidenced in 2020 and 2021, reflecting Eaton’s strategy.

Invest 3 billion in sustainable research and development between 2020 2030.

Reduce Scope 3 emissions 15% by 2030 relative to our 2018 baseline.

Emissions from product use (Scope 3, category 11) represent more than 95% of Eaton’s total Scope 3 emissions.

Our Board Members jointly oversee all corporate activities and targets.

Led by our CEO, the Global Inclusion Council (GIC) and four Regional Inclusion Councils (RICs) meet regularly to determine our strategy, objectives and initiatives.

Our Global Inclusion Council, made up of the Senior Leadership Committee members, leads our efforts by working with our four Regional Inclusion Councils.

Regional Inclusion Councils are comprised of business leaders from each region who tailor their efforts to the region in which they work.

Regional Inclusion Councils engage with and support the work of our Inclusion Eaton Resource Groups.

Our vice president of Global Inclusion and Diversity, who reports to the chief human resources officer, leads a team that provides direction, expertise and coordination for all our inclusion and diversity efforts.

This team engages with the Global Inclusion Council on a biannual basis and the Board of Directors on an annual basis.

All leaders are responsible for ensuring their functions and organizations are inclusive and diverse and every employee is responsible for creating an inclusive environment.

All leaders have access to global and regional inclusion and diversity tools to ensure their functions and organizations are inclusive and diverse.

Eaton's Global Inclusion Council develops goals for inclusion and diversity.

Regional Inclusion Councils are responsible for executing on global goals and setting regional goals for measuring progress on regional priorities.

All leaders determine specific goals and targets for their function or organization, based on high level priorities determined by the Senior Leadership Committee and Regional Inclusion Councils.

These include action based inclusion goals, which are part of the performance goals for leaders.

Inclusion ERGs provide enterprise wide and site level support to attract, retain and develop talent in support of business goals.

All Global Inclusion Council members are executive sponsors for an iERG.

To continuously improve our program, Regional Inclusion Councils and all leaders gather feedback on opportunities for improvement in creating a more inclusive culture.

Successful initiatives developed by the iERGs or Regional Inclusion Councils may be escalated to the corporate level Global Inclusion Council for consideration as a best practice to pilot in other areas or enterprise wide.

The Global Inclusion Council meets biannually, and reviews the annual progress update from the Global Inclusion Diversity team, which includes representation metrics, iERG metrics and other measures of progress, such as employee and exit surveys.

Periodically, sector, business and Regional Inclusion Councils present their accomplishments and progress to the Global Inclusion Council.

Annually, the vice president of Inclusion and Diversity, who heads the global inclusion and diversity team and reports to a member of the Senior Leadership Committee, reports progress to the Board of Directors, including diversity representation, iERG participation and projects, and progress on inclusion and diversity initiatives and programs.

Key actions We remain committed to putting diverse perspectives to work, today and in the years to come, to benefit all those we serve.

This is not a new journey for us, and we know there is more work to do.

We simplified our online tool for requesting flexible work and encouraged employees to decide what worked best for their roles with their managers.

Employees who use our flexible work options continue to increase.

By the end of 2022, the number of employees participating in a flexible work solutions program was 7,808, which is 9.5% of our global workforce.

Flexible solutions, which were in place well before the global pandemic, include compressed work weeks, remote work, job sharing, part time, flextime and telework.

Telework, which is defined as working some days at an Eaton location and other days at a non Eaton location, continues to be the most utilized solution, with more 58% of our employees who use a flexible work solution opting for it.

Such inclusive programs improve the lives of our employees at work and at home and help us remain competitive in attracting and retaining the best talent.

We now highlight flexible solutions on our careers website and in job postings.

Eaton’s focus on supporting and growing our Inclusion Eaton Resource Groups (iERGs) brings together employees who share a common purpose, interest or background.

They identify priorities, build cultural competency, engage in business projects and get involved in talent initiatives.

Members also provide feedback and ideas on how we can drive inclusion and diversity.

Everyone at Eaton is encouraged to participate in an iERG, and anyone can join any number of them.

Each group has at least three executive sponsors from our global leadership team who meet quarterly.

In 2022, our iERGs grew 17% (or by one percentage point) from 11,600 members to more than 13,500.

They also helped Eaton attract talent, with more than 25% of referrals for new hires coming from iERG members.

Additionally, nearly 800 iERG members served as talent scouts at recruitment events for campus recruiting.

Internally, our members engaged employees on a global scale with nearly 125 learning events.

Topics covered everything from career building to the importance of using personal pronouns in the workplace.

Finally, our retention rate and career progression rate of iERG members were higher than non iERG members.

Eaton global employment diversity the Valuing Inclusion and Diversity at Eaton The Power of Perspectives (VID) course.

This experience is offered globally and targets leaders of people to increase awareness of personal biases, develop inclusive leadership skills and advance a culture of inclusion.

This learning solution was piloted with 500 participants in 2019 and has helped leaders identify and label five types of bias and develop behaviors to mitigate this in decision making.

The goal is to stop bias at its source and reinforce inclusive leadership behaviors.

The four week sprint format was so well received that in 2022, we offered an additional 500 licenses across our sectors and business units to leaders who completed VID learning.

Figure 15: Eaton global employment diversity, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Maintain or exceed current representation of women and U.S. minorities on our Board of Directors and senior leadership team.

Increase representation of salaried10 U.S. minorities to 34%.

Achieve an inclusion index score of 80% or higher.

Number should reflect the total number of employees that are a part of an ethnic minority (excludes White (Not Hispanic or Latino) and Not Specified ).

Figure 16: Eaton global employment by age, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Talent development is the responsibility of managers of people, with the executive vice president chief human resources officer (CHRO) leading our talent development strategy.

Our Global HR Function and the Global Talent and Learning Center of Excellence (COE) advise leaders on the attraction, engagement and development of employees.

Our Global Total Rewards COE develops compensation and benefit programs that are integral to the attraction, engagement and retention of employees.

The CHRO and COE leads regularly engage with the Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board on talent and total rewards and with the Board of Directors annually on the development of talent for succession planning.

The Global Talent and Learning and Total Rewards COEs set the approach for executing our strategy to attract, engage, develop and retain talent in a growth culture in an integrated talent model.

The Global Talent and Learning COE and the Total Rewards COE work in partnership to execute integrated services and processes designed to create a positive and growth oriented experience for our employees’ entire life cycle.

This enhances our competitive ability to engage employees in building their careers at Eaton.

Employee listening surveys and formal talent reviews are among the processes we use to assess progress.

Employee listening surveys help us monitor the employee experience (from onboarding through exit) and how it influences our success.

Leadership, in partnership with the HR Function and Global Talent and Learning COE, monitors the results and uses them to inform our approach to talent and development.

Based on feedback from employees, actions in 2022 focused on enabling employees to grow and develop for the future.

Enabled our leaders to further support employee growth through two leadership development learning sprints, one focused on deliberate development and another on enabling careers.

Created and deployed a digital mindset curriculum to support employees’ continued development in this important space for our business.

This curriculum was accessed by 7K employees in 2022.

In 2022, we expanded our formal global mentoring program to include over 900 mentees, 53% of this population are women and 34% of them are U.S. minorities.

To be competitive in the marketplace, we focus on attraction, engagement, development and retention targets.

Success is measured through key performance metrics focused on outcomes mentioned above.

The team takes feedback seriously, using it to continuously improve the function by acting on opportunities gathered from surveys of our candidates, new hires and hiring teams.

Our 2030 sustainability target is to provide an average of 12 training hours per employee, annually.

Eaton is committed to equal opportunity, pay equity, inclusion and diversity and has established processes that drive equitable pay decisions.

At Eaton, we analyze internal and external pay data as well as the structure of our compensation programs, policies and practices to ensure employees are paid appropriately.

When we do find instances in which individual employees are not paid commensurate with their job duties, experience, qualifications and performance, we address them to ensure employees are paid equitably for equal or similar work.

Care of our employees and the environment is the responsibility of all leaders.

The corporate environmental, health and safety (EHS) team provides functional and thought leadership and is led by the chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (EBS), who is a member of the Senior Leadership Committee.

Each business is supported by EHS business leaders who regularly engage with EHS regional leaders to support site level activity.

The Eaton MESH Management System global minimum standards implement the company values and commitments outlined in the Environmental, Health and Safety Policy and are deployed across Eaton.

Eaton defines MESH as its management system to address environmental, health and safety and security (EHS) related activities.

The foundations of MESH are the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards and MESH is established in conformance with both standards.

The management system provides a framework for systematically identifying and managing EHS risks, impacts and opportunities.

It also guides the businesses on integrating the management system into their strategic planning and operational processes to drive accountability, results and continual performance improvement.

Working safely is a condition of employment at Eaton.

We require employees to follow established safety procedures.

Our safety principles and expectations are detailed here.

Our Safety Principles require everyone to be responsible and accountable for recognizing and correcting at risk behavior or unsafe conditions.

The company will not permit retaliation against an employee who in good faith reports a safety violation.

Employees who violate core safety requirements may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.

We consider these expectations to be absolutes, because a violation could result in serious injury or even death.

In support of overall business goals, the environmental, health and safety team determines EHS goals with guidance from the CEO and approval from the Senior Leadership Committee.

The Senior Leadership Committee regularly receives the results of operational EHS performance assessments, including any severe injuries and the recordable incident rate.

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president of EBS, who is a member of both the corporate environmental, health and safety team and Eaton's Senior Leadership Committee, reports to the Board of Directors on various EHS matters monthly, quarterly and annually.

In 2022 we continued focus on our Zero Incident Safety Program.

We strategically select the sites based on recent health and safety performance and existing safety culture.

The program seeks to improve the health and safety of our employees while rigorously nurturing a Zero Incident Safety Culture.

Eaton’s Safety Awards program honors those sites with outstanding safety performance.

These awards recognize sites that practice outstanding safety performance.

We also focus on environmental regulatory compliance with the deployment of our Environmental Excellence focus site program.

Our 2022 Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR) of 0.40 is below what we define as a world class safety rate.

Our 2030 goal is to reach 0.25 TRCR (also known as TRIR).

Total recordables incident rate (total recordable incidents per 200,000 hrs.

Eaton's executive vice president, Supply Chain Management leads our One Eaton Supply Chain Management philosophy, which reflects our core values and our commitment to doing business right.

Our expectations for suppliers serve as an extension of these principles and our shared commitment to responsible sourcing practices.

The EVP, SCM oversees the policies and procedures that govern Eaton's supplier management and sourcing practices and is also a member of Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee.

The EVP, SCM reports periodically to the Board on critical matters related to Eaton’s supply chain management activities.

Eaton's Supply Chain Management function works with our supply base to ensure suppliers can efficiently and effectively support our businesses.

Create value to our shareholders by driving effective cost management and operational efficiencies.

Provide risk management, governance and compliance.

Train and communicate to increase awareness and understanding.

Supplier diversity opportunities for both Eaton and our suppliers.

As part of our One Eaton Supply Chain Management philosophy, Eaton’s Supply Chain Management organization undertakes rigorous annual examination processes in order to identify and mitigate a broad spectrum of supply chain risks, including critical supply and or critical materials.

Our Risk Assessment Process includes a risk scan of external sources, intelligence gathering and internal alignment of the risk landscape.

We evaluate risks based on severity and probability and develop specific mitigation strategies to address these risks.

We identify risks at the issue level and apply our evaluation across the spectrum of our business activities.

For each identified risk, we explain how we are currently mitigating it based on specific activities.

We monitor this process quarterly to account for any changes.

Additionally, SCM has established risk identification and contingency planning guidelines.

These guidelines may be used for an ongoing sourcing process or to assess the stability of an existing supplier.

Provide an overview of the approaches to identify potential risks within the supply base.

Introduce processes and templates to validate potential risks and impacts resulting from supplier failures.

Provide a recommended checklist to initiate contingency planning and actions.

At Eaton we strive to engage a diverse supply base reflecting the communities where we live, work, and serve.

We actively seek to provide opportunities to businesses that include small, veteran owned, disabled owned, minority owned, LGBTQ owned, women owned, and historically underutilized business zone suppliers.

Eaton believes that our corporation, our communities and our customers benefit from providing equal opportunities for diverse enterprises to compete for Eaton business.

Our suppliers are our business partners, and it is important that these partnerships reflect the communities where we live, work and serve.

Active solicitation of diverse suppliers helps us realize our aspirational goal of becoming a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry and operationalizes our belief in the power of diversity.

Supplier diversity takes root as part of the procurement infrastructure and seeks to create an inclusive supplier pool for contracting, purchasing and outsourcing, using various proactive strategies.

An Advisory Council and supplier diversity team responsible for implementing a corporate wide diversity program and process.

An evaluation of existing supply chain to identify significant opportunities for diverse suppliers (inclusive of e procurement online bidding activity).

A diversity supplier directory and policy posted on the Eaton intranet.

The development of strategies by product line and establishment of strategies to cultivate alliances with targeted suppliers (mentorship program).

The participation in diversity business organizations and councils.

In addition to our efforts with our Tier 1 suppliers, Eaton supports a Tier 2 Program through which we work with our suppliers to create more opportunities for diverse owned businesses.

Eaton requires all suppliers who participate in our Tier 2 Program to submit reports detailing their purchases from diverse suppliers every quarter.

We believe that our company, our communities and our customers benefit from providing equal opportunities for diverse enterprises to compete for Eaton business.

We ask suppliers to affirm our supplier code of conduct and track their status in addition to their acceptance as part of Eaton’s standard contractual terms and conditions.

We also ask for adherence to all local and regional trade management regulations.

We have updated and simplified our Supplier Site Assessment (SSA) process.

This process provides a deeper analysis of supplier performance and includes evaluations of supplier EHS and product stewardship practices.

The SSA results are reviewed to identify any gaps which may exist in the supplier operations and a formal corrective action plan addressing the identified gaps, if any, is required prior to conducting business.

Hosted a supplier engineering and sustainability event with key plastics suppliers to discuss innovation and opportunities for carbon reduction.

Leveraged the Responsible Business Alliance's (RBA) responsible labor toolkit to perform gap analysis of contingent labor provider agreements.

Deployed training on modern slavery and human trafficking to all functions within Eaton.

Added the topic of sustainability to the Supply Chain Management (SCM) annual bootcamp, ensuring SCM teams understand their role in meeting company 2030 sustainability targets.

Hosted continuous improvement event and learning workshop in Pune, India, on product stewardship, conflict minerals and center for sustainability, identifying areas of overlap in our processes and sharing best practices for due diligence and achieving supplier compliance.

Continued executing our fleet electrification strategy with policy updates published and driver surveys completed.

In 2022, we strengthened our supplier diversity program, purchasing approximately 1.7 billion in goods and services from small and diverse suppliers, increasing our spend with minority owned businesses by over 10% and nearly doubling our spend with LGBTQ led suppliers.

Our overall spend with small and diverse suppliers represented 32% of our overall spend with U.S. suppliers.

Targets and metrics: Eaton’s Supply chain function has targets related to environmental and social impacts including 20% supplier diversity spending and a 15% reduction in Scope 3 emissions by 2030.

Eaton has internal KPIs related to supplier engagement on sustainability and fleet electrification.

Figure 19: Annual diverse supplier spend by percentage U.S. supplier spend and in USD.

Each year, Eaton donates to organizations in our communities around the world.

These donations support arts and culture, community and economic development, education, environment, health and human service programs and more.

Grants reflect the focus defined by each local involvement team, address a community need, and support employee involvement.

Nearly 75% of donations go to health and human services organizations, with 20% supporting education and 5% to cultural and arts organizations.

Eaton charitable contributions are made possible by donating a portion of our pretax revenue to worthy causes.

Charitable contributions in the U.S. are granted through the Eaton Charitable Fund, which is overseen by a Corporate Contributions Committee consisting of senior Eaton executives appointed by the CEO.

This Committee also evaluates and approves charitable contributions made outside of the U.S. and are paid through the business in each country.

The Community Affairs function responsible for these programs reports through the Corporate Human Resources team and, ultimately, the chief human resources officer.

Eaton encourages community involvement, believing that doing so creates healthy, sustainable communities and business facilities.

The talent, energy and skills that our employees donate to community projects hold significant value for us as well as the communities we serve.

Our volunteers benefit from the satisfaction of accomplishing necessary work, expanding their social connections, learning creative problem solving and increased well being.

We find that employees who volunteer with local organizations are more committed to their community and feel more fulfilled at home and work.

Many of our facilities have created community involvement teams, which tailor site activities to the needs of their local communities.

Our community involvement teams foster higher employee participation and a strong sense of pride.

Their individual efforts and contributions directly benefit the places where they live and work.

ESG Disclosures where our employees serve on the Board.

Eaton Charitable Fund grants are also made available to our sites, commensurate with facility size.

Our approach helps ensure local employees decide how to allocate resources where they are needed most.

Our employees take pride in determining where we invest our time and money.

In 2022, we donated approximately 10 million in charitable contributions around the world.

Supporting United Way for more than 100 years: Philanthropy and involvement in our local communities is a fundamental component of our identity.

Eaton’s founder, Joseph O. Eaton, helped create the Cleveland Federation for Charity and Philanthropy in 1913.

Inspired by his leadership, our giving strategy is intensely local by design.

In the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, we commit to the United Way through an annual campaign.

And for every dollar pledged by an employee, Eaton contributes 50 cents.

Annual Stover Awards recognize volunteer accomplishments: Every year, we recognize the accomplishments of employees who volunteer in their communities with the Stover Award for community service.

Any Eaton employee can nominate full time employees who demonstrate leadership or service in community organizations.

The senior vice president within each business unit appoints a selection committee to review nominations.

Positive impact of the employee's involvement in both the organization and the community.

Extent to which the nominee has demonstrated leadership or unwavering dedication to the organization.

Volunteer service with other nonprofit community organizations.

Letter(s) of commendation from the organization for which the employee volunteers.

Stover Volunteerism Award recipients each receive a commemorative award, a check for U.S. 5,000 payable to the nonprofit organization of their choice, and special recognition by our chairman and CEO at a formal ceremony.

The Eaton Charitable Fund: The Eaton Charitable Fund supports arts, education, culture and social service programs that improve the quality of life in our communities.

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of Directors meets annually with the vice president of Public Affairs to review our policy on political spending to ensure compliance with our policies.

We commit to disclose political donations and or lobbying expenditures.

Eaton political activity and advocacy is guided by our Code of Ethics which specifically states: We do not make contributions on behalf of Eaton to political candidates or parties, even where lawful.

We operate a federal political action committee, and use our employee contributions to support candidates we feel can help advance a business community agenda.

Eaton does not, however, make contributions to 527 groups or make independent expenditures directly related to candidates or campaigns.

From time to time, Eaton will support issue campaigns that have an impact on the communities in which we live and work.

No such contributions are made without the approval of the vice president of Public Affairs and chief human resources officer.

These contributions are never based on political preferences of our executives.

Eaton does support lobbying initiatives in alignment with issues of importance to the company through personal contact by employees, contact by lobbyists under contract to Eaton, and by trade associations of which Eaton is a member.

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of Directors meets annually with the vice president of Public Affairs to review our policy on political spending to ensure compliance with our policies.

We commit to disclose political donations and or lobbying expenditures.

In 2022, we endorsed the Global Memorandum of Understanding propelled by CALSTART calling for 30% of new Medium and Heavy Duty Vehicles (MHDV) to be emissions free by 2030 and 100% of new MHDV trucks to be emissions free by 2040.

As part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work with its industry partners to overcome strategic, political and technical barriers accelerate zero emission vehicle production and deployment and increase investment and economies of scale to make the transition faster and more cost effective.

CALSTART is a national nonprofit that focuses on activities to accelerate clean transportation.

Worked with industry stakeholders at the state and federal level to advance electric vehicle and EV infrastructure adoption.

Advocated for tax incentives in the Inflation Reduction Act including Commercial clean vehicles (Sec.

EV passenger and commercial federal tax credit extension and expansion.

Participated in state government working groups to drive energy efficient building codes, electrification, emissions reduction and renewable energy resources.

Advocated for state building decarbonization and energy efficiency policies including extension and expansion of the energy efficient commercial buildings (Sec.

Advocated to support transportation, electrification, grid modernization, resiliency and reliability as part of federal and state infrastructure and stimulus discussions including energy efficiency and renewable energy resources in the IIJA and IRA.

Joined business community partners to advocate for state government action on climate change and emission reduction.

Collaborated with industry partners to advocate state level investment of federal infrastructure to address climate change and public health.

Europe Euro 7 VII CO2 and NOx regulations that drive adoption of standards that increase emissions reductions.

Electric vehicle safety regulations that ensure safe deployment of zero emission vehicles.

Development of hydrogen fuel technologies for adoption in the heavy duty vehicle segment.

Engaged in the dialogue around the DU Energy Efficiency and Alternative Fuel Directives to promote development of policies and regulations that facilitate deep flexibility markets to accelerate the energy transition to renewable fuels and energy.

Advocating for the phaseout of SF6 switchgear to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The Quality Function relies on its Quality Management System (QMS), which is designed to monitor and evaluate the sites’ QMS risk profile, which includes, but is not limited to, product safety.

Based on the risk assessment results, qualitative and actionable priorities are established and deployed.

Our sites complete an annual self assessment to comply with corporate QMS requirements, industry standards and regulatory requirements.

Additionally, Eaton performs internal annual audits to evaluate continuous compliance to the QMS requirements.

Consumer Safety and Quality Councils a forum to manage product safety concerns, corrective actions, and best practices are deployed at all levels of the corporation.

Our Eaton Quality Management System (EQMS), part of the Eaton Business System, works because our quality and operational excellence teams have created a proactive culture at all levels of the organization.

We make sure the customer’s voice is fully integrated into our design, manufacturing, supply chain and field processes.

We leverage our scale in quality management by identifying and implementing best practices and lessons learned throughout our diverse businesses.

Our quality management system helps Eaton sites implement process discipline, identify risks and opportunities, take necessary actions, quickly address issues and achieve efficiency and effectiveness.

Our system has requirements above and beyond the different industries we serve, with ISO 9001 applicable for most of our sites, IATF16949 applicable for sites serving our automotive customers and AS9100 applicable for sites serving our aerospace customers.

It also includes customer specific requirements and corporate procedures as well as businesses and site specific procedures.

Our quality manual, policies and procedures are frequently reviewed and updated, and we have several processes to assess the management system suitability and compliance.

On an annual basis, our sites perform internal audits and execute a QMS risk analysis at least twice per year.

We engage with third party certification bodies to audit our sites every year to ensure QMS compliance and effectiveness.

Aligned to operational performance, we conduct Validated Operations Assessments (OpA) to strengthen EQMS implementation and maturity, as well as overall deployment of our Business System.

Each of these components does not independently constitute a comprehensive QMS, but together they create an integrated, holistic system designed to meet all requirements.

The Eaton specific QMS policies are defined based on Eaton practices, industry best practices, international standards and other sources.

In support of overall business goals, the Quality Function establishes Quality goals with guidance from the Senior Leadership Committee and final approval from the CEO.

Figure 24: Product quality KPIs 12 The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected.

Eaton’s Code of Ethics is the policy that covers protecting assets and information.

It states that employees should use Eaton property, information and opportunities for Eaton’s business purposes and not for unauthorized use.

We properly maintain the confidentiality of information and employee data entrusted to us by Eaton or others.

A documented, systematic set of Information Security Policies and Standards and supporting procedures are used to protect Eaton’s operations, assets, data and services and to defend against, respond to and recover from cyberattacks.

These policies and procedures are supported by standardized infrastructure and application service practices, protective and detective cybersecurity systems and security monitoring, threat hunting and incident response capabilities including: firewalls, intrusion detection, web proxies, anti virus anti malware, identity and access management, multi factor authentication, privileged account management, endpoint detection and response, e mail and network malware detection and sandboxing, security information and event management and threat intelligence platforms, e mail forgery protections, vulnerability management, user entity and behavior analytics, phishing exercises, cybersecurity tabletop exercises, an active security awareness program, and a vetted and well trained cybersecurity staff.

Policies are closely aligned to relevant security control frameworks such as NIST 800 171, NIST 800 53, NIST CSF, ISO 27001, and COBIT.

At Eaton, cybersecurity is an integral consideration, with strict protocols placed on the people, processes and technologies within our Secure Development LifeCycle process (SDLC), the program that integrates security protocols at every phase of product creation.

ESG Disclosures maintenance, enforcing cybersecurity best practices via training, threat modelling, requirements analysis, implementation, verification and ongoing support.

Additionally, our cybersecurity best practices extend beyond our own labs to help keep our customers informed about potential vulnerabilities and provide industry insights well as tools and other educational content.

Eaton’s emphasis on cybersecurity extends to partnerships with universities to attract and prepare the next generation of engineers to develop new security strategies for connected devices.

For example, we’ve established the Eaton Cybersecurity SAFE (Security Assessment and Forensic Examination) Lab at Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) to provide students with hands on experience in solving cybersecurity challenges.

A dedicated, global team manages the receipt, investigation, vulnerability remediation and public reporting of security vulnerability information related to Eaton products.

We are prepared to work in good faith with individual researchers, ICS CERT, security intelligence gathering agencies, customers and field personnel who might discover and submit a vulnerability report on our products.

Vulnerabilities can be reported on our Report an Issue page.

Eaton utilizes a Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) to filter and route traffic from the public internet and to host externally facing resources.

Third parties, remote users, and partner networks are required to VPN into the organization to gain access to resources.

Multifactor authentication in the form of RSA tokens (contractors partners third party vendors) or Active Directory credentials (employees) and a user specific PKI certificate generated uniquely for each device is required to access the organization's internal resources.

Perimeter security defenses such as firewalls, proxies, and IDS IPS systems are employed as security controls.

Micro segmentation is utilized widely in the organization’s DMZ and the internal networks are selectively air gapped or segmented based on business need.

Information security management system: Security requirements for the product are identified based on industry standards NIST SP 800 53, NIST 62351, and UL 2900.

These requirements provide a unified way of developing a product compliant with multiple security standards.

Eaton is also the first company to partner with UL on a Cybersecurity Client Lab Validation Program to test Eaton products to key aspects of UL 2900 1 1 Standard.

Compliance to GDPR: The product review helps establish security best practices and recommendations while the product is in its infancy.

After this review, the product completes a threat modeling and security requirements analysis.

Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances of finding flaws in later stages.

Additionally, the cost to fix in an early stage is significantly less.

A product review is used to walk through the concept of the product.

Based on the review, a data flow diagram is created to depict the overall flow of data in the product, and an architectural analysis is performed to identify criticality of components.

Additionally, sensitive and personal data are identified to ensure compliance with applicable data protection regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Employee awareness on cybersecurity: Targeted Eaton employees take the Data Protection and Privacy Basics course as part of Eaton’s Ethics and Compliance training through Eaton’s online learning platform.

This training is chosen for employees based on their job functions.

Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances of finding flaws in later stages.

Additionally, the cost to fix in an early stage is significantly less.

The information contained in this report, including but not limited to any facts or forwarding looking statements, should not be interpreted as a decision by Eaton that such information is material information as that term is used or understood in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or as that term is defined by the Supreme Court in TSC Industries v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976).

Many statements in this report are forward looking statements related to projections and future plans that are based, and inherently subject to, on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns.

Such forward looking statements may be identified by words such as may, expect, could, goal, will, plan, intend, anticipate, target, potential, and other similar phrases or words that convey a future or prospective nature.

These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements: the course of the COVID 19 pandemic globally and government actions related thereto geopolitical tensions, unanticipated changes in the markets for the company’s business segments unanticipated downturns in business relationships with customers or their purchases from us competitive pressures on sales and pricing supply chain disruptions, unanticipated changes in the cost of material, labor, and other production costs, or unexpected costs that cannot be recouped in product pricing the introduction of competing technologies unexpected technical or marketing difficulties unexpected claims, charges, litigation or dispute resolutions strikes or other labor unrest natural disasters the performance of recent acquisitions unanticipated difficulties completing or integrating acquisitions new laws and governmental regulations interest rate changes changes in tax laws or tax regulations stock market and currency fluctuations and unanticipated deterioration of economic and financial conditions in the United States and around the world.

We do not assume any obligation to update these forward looking statements.

Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is an intelligent power management company.

Eaton’s mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services.

We recognize that a company should be defined by more than financial results it should also be defined by its commitment to the environment, its contributions to society and the strength of its governance.

In 2017, The Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board, published a set of voluntary recommendations for use by companies in providing information to investors, lenders and insurance underwriters about their climate related financial risks.

In 2021, The International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) released its Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) detailing that all plausible climate change scenarios show global warming exceeding 1.5 C by around 2030.

However, it also advises that quick action can keep that exceedance minimal and temporary.

To do that, global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions need to fall by more than 40% by 2030, followed by global net zero emissions by 2050 (Figure 1).

Eaton is responding to the urgent need for climate action and stakeholder expectations of transparency by implementing our sustainability strategy.

Our 2030 sustainability targets include a 1.5 C science based greenhouse gas reduction target, along with a commitment to transparently communicate our sustainability progress.

We have joined the United Nations Race to Zero to affirm our commitment to science based climate action.

A vital part of that commitment is understanding and disclosing our climate risks using the TCFD disclosure framework.

Eaton is proud to be among the more than 3,800 organizations officially supporting TCFD.

Since we published our first TCFD report in 2020, we have seen some of our reported climate risks and the ongoing opportunities come to bear.

Less predictable and more extreme weather, wildfires and geopolitical issues have resulted in supply chain and workforce challenges globally and, to some extent, for our company.

At the same time, we are seeing unprecedented growth in electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, renewable energy, energy storage and plans for investing in the utility grid of the future all strong advantages for Eaton.

While we cannot control all these forces, we have a strong plan to mitigate our greenhouse gas emissions and execute on our business strategy related climate opportunities: electrification, digitalization and the transition to renewable energy.

Figure 1: Core elements of recommended climate related financial disclosures.

Reducing our value chain emissions with science based and carbon neutral operations targets.

Advancing our carbon offset strategy, which includes offsetting emissions with certified renewable energy credits and verified high quality carbon offsets that focus on additionality and carbon removal.

Role of the Board: Eaton’s Board of Directors oversees Eaton’s business strategy.

Our Board works with management to consider specific issues relevant to the overall conduct of our businesses, including strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, acquisitions and other strategic alliances.

Our Board and company are focused on meeting the needs of all our stakeholders our employees, our customers and suppliers, our communities and our shareholders.

Eaton’s enduring commitment to inclusion and diversity is exemplified in the composition of our Board.

Our Board recognizes the value of nominating director candidates who bring diverse opinions, perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to Board deliberations.

As of December 31, 2022, our Board was comprised of 11 members, and as a result of the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially ethnically diverse.

In order for a director candidate to be recommended by our Governance Committee, a candidate must have the following minimum qualifications: personal ability, integrity, relevant business background, independence, experience, expertise in areas of importance to our objectives, and sensitivity to our corporate responsibilities.

In addition, our Governance Committee looks for individuals with specific qualifications so that the Board as a whole has diversity in experience, international perspective, background, expertise, skills, age, gender and ethnicity.

These specific qualifications may vary from year to year, depending upon the composition of the Board at that time.

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, while our management is responsible for the day to day management of the material1 risks facing Eaton.

Our Board has chosen to retain overall responsibility for risk assessment and oversight at the Board level in light of the interrelated nature of the elements of risk, rather than delegating this responsibility to a Board committee.

The Board is also responsible for oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management program, which identifies, assesses and mitigates our top risks, including climate related and other ESG risks.

As noted above, our Board has ultimate oversight of our risk management and Eaton's strategic direction, both of which drive our efforts related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

The Board’s oversight of ESG includes review of environmental, community affairs, corporate governance, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, culture and human capital management matters.

Our Board regularly considers ESG issues at full Board and committee meetings.

In addition, at Eaton’s annual strategy sessions, our Board regularly conducts a detailed review of Eaton’s sustainability strategy with management.

The Board has the following committees which meet regularly throughout the year: Audit Compensation and Organization Finance Governance and Innovation and Technology.

As part of the Board’s ultimate oversight of Eaton’s ESG strategy, the Board, through its committees, considers specific risks and opportunities, including climate related risks and opportunities, that fall within certain of the committees’ areas of responsibility.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures updates to our full Board on the activities of their respective committees.

Chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System: The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (CSO), is a member of Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee (SLC) and is responsible for reporting climate related and environmental issues to the SLC on a quarterly basis.

The CSO also discusses climate change issues regularly at Board and committee meetings.

The CSO leads Eaton’s Environmental, Health and Safety function, which manages environmental metrics tracking and reporting, as well as Eaton Business System, the core operating system for the organization.

Through Eaton Business System, we have procedures for continuous improvement and sharing best practices across the enterprise.

We align our greenhouse gas accounting methodology with the GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our practices are aligned with global standards.

Our businesses report on environmental performance, including greenhouse gas emissions targets, to the chief executive officer and the chief operating officers annually during Environmental Operations Reviews.

Audit committee: The Audit Committee reviews Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including any related to the environment and climate, and ESG matters generally.

The committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for specific ESG related public disclosures.

Compensation and organization committee: The Compensation and Organization Committee is responsible for reviewing relevant matters related to the social pillar of ESG, which may include matters such as employee engagement, culture, training and development, inclusion and diversity and pay equity.

The committee is also primarily responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, succession planning and compensation matters, and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance committee: The Governance Committee is responsible for considering relevant matters related to the environmental and governance pillars of ESG, as determined by the committee.

Eaton’s chief legal officer regularly provides updates to the committee on corporate governance and related matters.

Eaton’s chief sustainability officer briefs the committee on environmental, health and safety matters.

Eaton’s vice president, Public Affairs provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs.

Historical weather and climate observations show that the climate is changing and global mean temperatures have already increased by about 1 C.

According to IPCC, the global mean sea level has risen by about 20 cm since 1900.

Sea and land ice is decreasing, permafrost is thawing and rainfall and flooding events are becoming more extreme.

Global Change Research Program states that the climate is changing at a rate not seen for at least the last 2,000 years and scientists agree that human activities, especially greenhouse gas emissions, are the main cause of warming.

Future projections from climate models indicate that, unless very drastic measures are taken to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and its footprint on nature and the climate, these trends are very likely to continue and some additional amount of warming is inevitable.

If measures are taken to reduce and eventually eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from human activities, global temperature increase could be limited to 1.5 2 C of warming whereas without intervention toward greener energy production global average temperature could increase by 5 C (higher scenario).

In 2023, we conducted a quantitative analysis of both our climate physical risks and transition risks as part of our updated climate scenario analysis.

TCFD recommends modeling at least three scenarios at 1.5 degree below 2 degree and a higher temperature future.

Climate Change (IPCC) Shared Socio Economic Pathways (SSPs) higher temperature scenarios.

For our transition analysis, we used three International Energy Agency scenarios: Announced Policies (2.1 C scenario), Stated Policies (2.6 C scenario) and Net Zero (1.4 C scenario).

The IEA scenarios were chosen because they use IPCC MAGICC 7 climate model from the IPCC’s 6th Assessment Report (IPCC, 2021).

All changes in temperatures are relative to 1850 1900 and match the IPCC 6th Assessment Report definition of warming of 0.85 C between 1995 2014.

Details for the 4 IEA Scenarios are found in Annex A of the IEA 2021 World Energy Outlook.

For transition risks and opportunities, we define medium term as five years and long term as 10 years.

For our physical climate risks, we used an integrated planetary intelligence platform, developed by Earth Knowledge, Inc., designed to be a digital twin of the Earth.

Economic growth emphasizes human well being and lower resource and energy intensity.

Economic growth emphasizes human well being and lower resource and energy intensity .

Announced nationally determined contributions are implemented.

Actions taken to enforce policies affecting energy markets (policies adopted by 2022).

Quick global economic growth and high energy intensity.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures such as soil moisture, evapotranspiration, and surface water runoff, as well as climate indicators that range across seven themes.

This solution modeled 1 km2 granularity across 23 indicators, spanning seven risk themes, to identify climate risk and opportunities related to 211 of Eaton’s physical assets in 35 countries, including manufacturing locations, distribution centers and warehouses, headquarters, labs and other significant sites.

For physical climate projections, we define medium term as 2030 and long term as 2050.

Climate projections differ from weather predictions in that instead of providing a probabilistic estimate of an event occurring, climate projections consider a range of plausible future scenarios, from ones where the world complies with the Paris Agreement targets to ones where greenhouse gases are emitted at close to current rates.

Two climate scenarios, a lower temperature scenario (SSP1 2.6) and a higher temperature scenario (SSP5 8.5), run for three different climate models (IPSL CM6A LR15, MIROC616, and MRI ESM2 017) provide forward looking climate projections, which were used as input to calculate the 23 climate indicators globally.

Projections were calculated for 10 year periods (decadal trends) at each asset location from 2020 through 2050 for each indicator.

Compared to a baseline period from 1960 1989, an exposure index was given based on the severity of the change in each indicator on an asset by asset basis.

Any change relative to the baseline period is considered an adaptation challenge.

The exposure indices represent statistical trends over a range of years (decades).

Because the projections are calculated from monthly values and are aggregated over a ten year period, extreme acute events are not captured in this analysis, which summarizes changes in chronic exposure rather than short term acute events.

Summary of climate transition risks and opportunities The findings of the scenario planning exercises identified a range of potential impacts.

As reported in Eaton’s 2022 10k report, there are potentially material operational risks from the effects of climate change, including weather disruptions and regulatory market reactions, which create uncertainties that could negatively impact our business.

Global increases in greenhouse gas emissions are linked to climate change, and there is consensus that dramatic emissions reductions are needed to avoid severe climate impacts.

Extreme weather events are linked to climate change, and include hurricanes, flooding, wildfires, high heat, and water scarcity.

These are potential physical risks to Eaton’s operating locations and supply chains.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures extreme weather events, political instability, and workforce migration, ultimately increasing Eaton’s cost of doing business.

Regulatory reactions to climate change may pose more stringent obligations on Eaton’s operations and change customer demands.

While Eaton is already gearing its portfolio towards products that will reduce carbon and adapt to climate change, there is a risk that Eaton may not innovate quickly enough to meet changing regulatory or market demands.

Increasing demands for metals as the world electrifies may lead to scarcity and increased costs, as may uncertainty over carbon taxes and grid stability during a renewables transition.

Despite these uncertainties, we believe Eaton is well positioned to capitalize on secular trends and market opportunities arising from these risks.

Across the three IEA scenarios analyzed18, overall Eaton market growth is relatively unchanged out to 2030.

In the mid term and the long term, across all three scenarios, CAGR varies by 0.2%.

Total addressable market size is also relatively unchanged at the company level across all three IEA scenarios through 2030.

In the 1.5 and 2 C scenarios, there is more dispersion across end market growth with renewables, EVs, EV infrastructure, utility grid, residential EV charging, energy efficiency and more efficient and alternative fueled airplanes showing more growth compared with the Stated Policies scenario.

Oil and gas, traditional power generation, air travel and total automotive internal combustion vehicles show somewhat slower growth in the 1.5 and 2 C scenarios compared to the higher temperature scenario.

The above analysis assumed no change to Eaton's portfolio over time.

However, as Eaton executes on our strategy related to electrification, digitalization and energy transition, we expect these portfolio shifts to continue to mitigate transition risks and create new low carbon climate opportunities for our company.

Eaton examines how physical climate risks could affect our operations using our business continuity frameworks.

Through this process we integrate a number of risks such as hurricanes, high heat, increasingly unpredictable weather patterns, and flooding into our business continuity management (BCM) planning.

Our climate scenario analysis results will be incorporated into our BCM activities.

Although our risk modeling was focused on chronic physical climate risks using decadal averages, we understand that the event based, shorter term and acute physical climate risks will also be part of Eaton’s adaptation and resiliency challenge.

Based on our 2022 climate scenario analysis of physical climate risks in the medium term (2030) and the long term (2050), we found some differences between the two future scenarios.

Figure 8: Summary table comparing the increase in the number of Eaton assets that have high or extreme risk exposure ratings in 2030 and 2050 in the SSP126 and SSP585 scenarios.

Increase in temperatures driving significant change related to drought and wildfire and moderate impacts in water availability to Eaton’s assets.

Increase in cooling degree days19 driving potential for electrical grid instability that could impact 81% of Eaton’s assets by 2050 under the higher temperature scenario.

Other than temperature, drought, and wildfire, in the near term (2020 2040) there are little deviations between the lower temperature (SSP1 2.6) and higher temperature (SSP5 8.5) climate scenarios.

This is because science shows notable differences skew after 2040.

For this report, for comparison purposes, we’ve included more detailed risk charts for the top three identified physical risks at the 2030 and 2050 timeframes across both temperature scenarios.

Increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere over the past century have caused increases in surface air temperature across the globe.

The present concentration of atmospheric CO2 is higher than any time in at least the last two million years (IPCC, 2021).

In the near term (2020 2040), for both SSP scenarios, warming is generally expected to continue.

As observed over the last several decades, warming is expected to be higher over land areas than over oceans with the largest degree of warming happening at higher latitudes in the northern hemisphere winter season (IPCC, 2021).

For the 2040 2060 period, projected warming diverges across different scenarios with little excess heating for the lower SSP1 2.6 scenario, compared to the near term, and continued increased heating for the higher SSP5 8.5 scenario.

It compares the average daily temperature with a standard threshold temperature (here 18 C).

The number of degrees the average daily temperature is higher than the threshold temperature is the cooling degree days for that day.

Cooling degree days are accumulated over each year and can be used as a measure of how much energy is needed for cooling buildings to a comfortable temperature.

Potential impact to industry: Increased frequency of high heat days caused by climate change can create safety and productivity challenges for manufacturing and field service work.

Longer term, population migration and related social issues could impact workforce availability.

High heat temperature allowances for hourly staff in related working areas can lead to increased costs, higher employee turnover and worker shortages.

Potential government mandates to stop working on high heat days could impact production and on time deliveries.

An increased spread of high temperature related diseases and illnesses can impact workforce availability.

High temperatures may damage sensitive components and materials in operations and also cause energy shortages, increased cooling costs and brownouts that may disrupt operations.

During the 2020 time period, about 50% of the Eaton assets analyzed have moderate risk exposure to temperature and 49% have a high exposure to temperature.

The large number of assets that are already at moderate or higher exposure is related to the fact that temperature has already increased significantly in many parts of the world since the baseline period of 1960 1989.

By 2030, under the lower temperature scenario, the number of assets that change from a low and moderate hazard index to a high or extreme level increases dramatically with 3% of assets projected to have an extreme exposure related to temperature and 86% projected to have high exposure.

By 2050, analysis forecasts a 93% increase in the number of assets exposed to temperature related physical risks at the high or extreme level compared to the present time.

The assets projected to experience the highest impacts are in the southwestern U.S., southern and eastern Europe, and the Middle East.

Under the higher temperature scenario, by the 2030 decade, nearly 6% of assets are projected to have extreme exposure to temperature by 2030 and 80% are projected to have high exposure.

By 2050, for the higher scenario, the number of assets with extreme exposure to temperature related indicators is projected to increase to 62% with all continents represented at this exposure level.

Droughts occur when the amount of water evaporating from the surface and transpiring from plants into the atmosphere exceeds the amount of water available on the surface and in the top soil layers.

Lack of precipitation and a warm atmosphere are both drivers of drought.

Prolonged droughts can have devastating effects on ecology and agriculture and have impacts on water available for human needs.

Historically observed warming of the atmosphere and changing precipitation patterns have already contributed to increased water stress and droughts in regions on all continents (IPCC, 2021).

Continued warming under the lower temperature scenario is expected to increase drought severity and duration in some areas whereas a similar, but more amplified, effect is projected under the higher temperature scenario.

A rough generalization is that areas that have historically been affected by drought are becoming drier and areas not historically affected by drought are becoming wetter.

Potential impact to industry: Drought has the potential to impact supply chain in terms of water intensive upstream materials that can be impacted by droughts.

Materials such as pulp, cardboard, plating, coating, foundry cooling and machined part washing could be impacted.

Second order impacts to communities, public health and food systems could also impact regions experiencing drought.

For the 2020 decade, the majority of Eaton’s assets have very low or low exposure to drought, relative to the baseline period.

Some assets distributed throughout North America, Africa, Europe, Saudi Arabia and China have a moderate exposure, and 3% of assets, all located in the western and southern U.S. and northwestern Mexico, have high exposure.

Under the lower temperature scenario and the 2030 decade, 6% of analyzed assets are projected to have high or extreme exposure.

By 2050 7% of assets are projected to be subjected to high or extreme exposure.

Figure 9: Temperature risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

Figure 10: Drought risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

Notably, the proportion of assets with moderate drought exposure rises from 13% to 20% between the 2030 and 2050 timeframes.

Sites with high and extreme drought exposure are located in the western U.S., Mexico, Morocco and Saudi Arabia.

Some exposure is projected to moderate slightly under the lower scenario, which is to be expected because the SSP1 2.6 scenario assumes global average temperature change will peak around 5 C warming by mid century before decreasing slightly toward the end of the century.

In the higher temperature SSP5 8.5 scenario, by 2030, nearly 6% of analyzed assets are subject to high to extreme drought exposure.

By 2050, nearly 9% of analyzed assets are high or extreme and are located in the southwestern U.S., the Middle East and South Africa.

Notably, the number of assets with moderate drought risk exposure rises from 13% in 2020 to 43% by 2050.

The Water Conditions risk exposure is a combination of indicators for water availability (positive or negative change from baseline) and aridity.

In general, this is not a high exposure for Eaton under either temperature scenario.

In all decade and scenario combinations, there is only one site that reaches a high exposure, which is in the Caribbean.

For areas that are already arid, most likely small changes have a big impact, but that may not be reflected in the exposure ratings and further site level analysis may be warranted.

Potential impact to industry: Wildfire exposure is projected to rise across a variety of regions in the coming decades across both temperature scenarios.

Second order impacts to energy systems, suppliers and logistics networks can be disrupted by wildfire.

Eaton has sites that are potentially at risk for increased wildfires causing poor or dangerous air quality, road closures, and employee health, safety and housing concerns due to fires and smoke paths.

Figure 11: Wildfire risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

During the 2020 decade, no assets are subjected to extreme exposure to wildfire related physical risks, but 29% of assets analyzed are subjected to moderate through high exposure with all high exposure assets located in western and southern U.S. and northern Mexico.

Under the lower temperature SSP1 2.6 scenario, by 2050, the number of assets projected to have extreme exposure related to wildfire drops compared to 2030 because in this scenario temperatures peak before 2050.

However, the number of assets at moderate and high exposure risk increases.

Assets with moderate or higher exposure by 2050 for both temperature scenarios are spread throughout all continents.

Under the higher temperature scenario by the 2030 period, 5% of analyzed assets in the western U.S., northern Mexico, Saudi Arabia, and India are projected to have high to extreme exposure to wildfire with more than 40% of assets projected to have moderate exposure.

By 2050, 12% of assets are projected to have high to extreme exposure occurring in the western U.S., North and South Africa, the Middle East and India.

Variations between the SSP1 2.6 and SSP5 8.5 scenarios reflect the high variability in land conditions that contribute to wildfire exposure.

Also, in the SSP5 8.5 scenario continued increases in temperature is the major driving force of wildfire.

During the 2020 time period, under either temperature scenario, no assets are subjected to high or extreme exposure for precipitation related physical risk.

Under both temperature scenarios by 2050, less than ten assets have moderate exposure in Brazil, China, Puerto Rico, India the Philippines and Taiwan.

Potential impact to industry: Inland flooding can impact manufacturing operations, power generation, suppliers’ property and manufacturing equipment, and logistics networks may be particularly impacted.

The flood theme indicators include moderate and peak monthly runoff, which are driven by changes in precipitation.

Therefore, similar to the precipitation indicators, flood indicators are not projected to experience significant change between 2020 2050 for either future scenario.

Under both temperature scenarios, 22 24 assets projected to have moderate to high exposure to flood related physical risk are located in the northeastern U.S., Puerto Rico, Brazil, India, East Asia (China and Taiwan), and the Philippines.

By 2050, the number of assets exposed to moderate and high flood risk declines, but new regions, including some in Texas are projected to have increased exposure.

The higher temperature scenario shows a similar number of assets in similar regions with moderate to high risk exposed compared to the lower temperature scenario.

By 2050, the number of assets exposed to moderate and high flood risk declines, but new regions, including in Texas are projected to have increased exposure.

Potential impact to industry: The global mean sea level is projected to increase under all future climate scenarios mainly due to increased temperatures causing melting of glaciers and the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets in addition to thermal expansion of ocean water as it warms.

Under lower scenarios, the global mean sea level is expected to rise between 0.1 0.4m by 2050, relative to 1995 2014 levels, whereas under higher scenarios, the range is between 0.1 0.6m by 2050 (IPCC, 2021).

Locally, relative sea level rise differs from the global levels due to a variety of factors, including ocean currents, winds, and local vertical land movement due to tectonic movement or extraction of oil and gas underground.

Although hurricane models are still maturing and local projections of storm tracks are difficult to simulate, hurricane models point toward an increase in hurricane intensity and associated rainfall.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures the order of 10 15% for rainfall rates for a 2 C global warming scenario (NOAA, 2023).

While most models show either no change or a decrease in hurricane frequency in a warmer climate, projected increases in sea surface temperatures along with a warmer atmosphere capable of holding more water are likely to fuel stronger storms, with a greater proportion of hurricanes reaching Category 4 or 5 resulting in greater impacts and bigger and costlier disasters when they make landfall (NASA, 2022).

Hurricane risk combines a number of climate risk themes including precipitation and sea level rise.

Because modeling of climate related hurricane activity is still maturing, Eaton did not do a site level decadal analysis of hurricane exposure for this climate scenario analysis.

Eaton sites and suppliers are at risk of amplified hurricane activity in the medium to long term.

Eaton has manufacturing operations in the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, U.S. Gulf Coast and U.S. Atlantic Carolinas coast, Philippines and Southern China that are geographically located where hurricane intensity may increase.

Potential operational risks include employee safety and on time deliveries and loss of power, communications system disruptions, customer disruptions and damage to property.

Potential supply chain related risks include supplier, logistics and utility network disruption, and to refining and chemicals suppliers and import export logistics networks.

Across both temperature scenarios, during the 2020 time period, all analyzed assets have very low exposure to sea level rise related physical risk due to their local distance to the coast and elevation from sea level.

Although assets might not be directly impacted by increases in sea level rise, disruptions from local inundation may still affect productivity due to loss of access, communication, or power.

By 2050, between 8 and 11 assets will have low exposure to sea level rise related physical risk located along the east coast of the United States, the eastern United Kingdom and coastal China.

By 2050 under both scenarios, 100% of Eaton’s assets analyzed have low to very low exposure to sea level rise.

In general, climate science shows sea level rise is projected to have greater impact inlater decades and for assets located closer to the coasts.

In our operations: Mitigating climate change through reduced greenhouse gas emissions can provide operational savings in the long term, as well as cost savings related to current and emerging regulation around mandated reporting and future carbon pricing.

Since 2018, Eaton has reduced Scope1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 27% and has a science based target of 50% reduction by 2030 (Figure 11).

Throughout our organization, Eaton is continuously working to further reduce our energy, emissions, water and waste footprints.

Figure 12: Illustration of Eaton's transition plan for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

We will continue to implement capital projects that reduce electricity through more efficient and automated manufacturing equipment and technologies as well as building envelope and sytem improvements.

We will implement alternative solutions to reduce fugitive emissions from refrigerants and sulfur hexaflouride (SF6) from our systems and processes.

We will deploy on site solar panels, energy storage and microgrids in key Eaton locations.

We will add new renewables to the grid through off site utility scale solar and wind projects.

We have committed to deploy electric vehicles, charging infrastructure and more efficient fleets for our sales, service and other operational vehicles.

We will switch to sustainable fuel sources where possible for processes that combust fuel on site.

Where we can’t, we’ll electrify processes with renewables.

We will continue to ensure efficient operations by implementing a strategy to right size the square footage of our buildings and manufacturing operations globally.

We will offset emissions that aren’t addressable through other levers with certified renewable energy credits and verified high quality carbon offsets that focus on additionality and carbon removal.

Figure 13: Eaton's Scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction levers.

We are working to both reduce our energy demand and green our energy supply.

We are focusing on the first six primary levers (Figure 13) to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

In the near term we are not prioritizing the use of carbon offsets, but we may use credible carbon offsets in the future to meet our carbon neutral aims.

From 2023 2025, we are prioritizing energy efficiency, fugitive emissions and renewable energy procurement that prioritizes additionality adding new renewable energy to the grid.

We are guided by our commitment to do business right, to operate sustainably and to help our customers manage power today and well into the future.

By capitalizing on the global growth trends of electrification and digitalization, we're accelerating the planet's transition to renewable energy, helping to solve the world's most urgent power management challenges, and doing what's best for our stakeholders.

Eaton’s businesses are well positioned to take advantage of secular growth trends related to the energy transition from fossil fuels to renewables.

We are responding to these trends by innovating solutions that transform the electrical power value chain, investing in electrical vehicle markets, increasing our focus on electrification, and employing digital technologies for power management.

Eaton’s innovations are expected to enable the integration of renewables and sustainability solutions, with new types of equipment, services and software.

These strategic focus areas are an important part of our response to climate change.

Across our value chain: Eaton has committed to reducing our upstream and downstream emissions 15% by 2030.

In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions were reduced 23% since 2018.

Product use emissions represent 95% of our Scope 3 emissions.

There are two primary drivers for the reduction of this category.

The first is a shift in the sales mix of our solutions to more efficient technologies and lower carbon intensity products as well as some impact from the greening of the grid.

The second is sales volume decline related to the ongoing impact of the pandemic on certain industries.

We expect some of these reductions to be more permanent and some to change as industries recover and our company grows.

Scope 3 emissions for all other categories were reduced 5% from our 2018 baseline.

We are targeting 3 billion in sustainable research and development by 2030.

Since 2020, Eaton has invested 900 million in R D to grow our sustainable Positive Impact solutions.

We have integrated our Positive Impact Framework into our new product introduction system to embed sustainable design into our core innovation processes.

We are improving our carbon accounting for product materials and use to meet our customers’ needs and to drive faster results toward our targets.

We are engaging our suppliers in climate action and are consistently a leader in CDPs supplier engagement scores.

We are one of 35 stakeholders participating in the development and piloting of the WBCSD Value Chain Carbon Transparency framework for the calculation and exchange of product level carbon emissions data across value chains.

Financial planning: Eaton is actively managing its portfolio and expects to deliver higher margins and more consistent earnings supported by secular growth trends: sustainability, intelligent and connected products, and electrification and energy transition.

Climate transition opportunities position Eaton to deliver an incremental 8 10% EPS growth between 2021 2026.

Eaton has been working to formalize integration of ESG risk considerations in its M A activities.

Jiangsu Ryan Electrical: Eaton recently acquired a 49% interest in Jiangsu Ryan Electrical, which manufactures power distribution and sub transmission transformers in China, focusing on dry type transformers that are a booming market amid an increasing renewable energy base and rising electricity consumption globally.

Innovative Switchgear and Ulusoy Electrik: In 2019 Eaton acquired Innovative Switchgear, and a 93.7% controlling interest in Ulusoy Electrik, to expand Eaton’s offerings in medium voltage switchgear and other equipment for utility customers, including more environmentally friendly SF6 free solutions.

Sunbank Connection Technologies in 2019 to enhance offerings of highly engineered electrical interconnect solutions for harsh environments in the aerospace, defense, industrial, energy and transport industries.

Harsh environments will be more frequent as customers mitigate climate risks, making harsh environment solutions more important in the future.

Lite expands and strengthens Eaton’s single phase, uninterrupted power supply system and data center solutions, product lines that support growing demand for reliability, edge computing and distributed information technology in the face of increased energy challenges.

Green Motion SA, a leading designer and manufacturer of electric vehicle charging hardware and related software.

This acquisition complements existing energy storage and power distribution offerings, and positions Eaton to grow with the global energy transition to electric vehicles.

Figure 15: Eaton's annual cumulative sustainable research and development investment.

Reactive Technologies: In August 2021, Eaton made a strategic investment in the UK and Finland based grid technology company, Reactive Technologies Ltd. Eaton is collaborating with Reactive on supporting utilities to cost effectively increase renewable energy capacity.

Royal Power Solutions: Eaton’s 2022 acquisition of Royal Power Solutions, a U.S. based manufacturer of high precision electrical connectivity components used in electric vehicle, energy management, industrial and mobility markets, enhances our ability to capitalize on growth opportunities tied to electrification.

Cubenergy: Eaton’s 2022 strategic investment in Cubenergy, a China based energy storage company, also marks the beginning of a strategic commercial partnership on energy storage systems in the Asia Pacific region.

Eaton recently signed an agreement to acquire 50% of Jiangsu Huineng Electric’s circuit breakers business in China.

The partnership will offer an attractive portfolio of breakers, including tailored products for renewable energy applications.

Avoided emissions: Eaton’s goals to reduce and neutralize our greenhouse gas emissions is fundamental to addressing climate change.

We have the added responsibility of decoupling business growth from greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

But, for a power management company like Eaton, the impact of that mitigation is far surpassed by the potential of our growth strategy to address the global decarbonization challenge.

Avoided emissions, done well, allow companies to make credible, consistent and transparent assessments and claims on GHG emissions that are avoided in society as a result of the use of a company’s low carbon solutions.

For this reason, we have been working collaboratively to create standard guidance for companies to credibly measure their contribution to a global net zero carbon future.

We are a part of the World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Carbon Value Accounting working group that recently published guidance for credible accounting and reporting on avoided emissions.

Business Continuity Management: Eaton examines how physical climate risks could affect our operations using our business continuity frameworks.

Through this process we integrate a number of risks such as hurricanes, high heat, increasingly unpredictable weather patterns and flooding into our business continuity planning.

As a result of this exercise, Eaton plans to integrate additional risks, including wildfires, into its future planning.

Acute and chronic physical risks are included in our business sector risk assessments.

Eaton develops risk mitigation plans for extreme weather events exacerbated by climate change through its Business Continuity Management (BCM) process.

BCM is an Eaton process that requires each business sector to identify risks and establish mitigation and recovery plans for key buildings and infrastructure equipment manufacturing personnel tooling suppliers customers and IT to provide effective mitigation and recovery for Eaton’s key assets and revenue, while maintaining competitive advantage and value system integrity.

BCM takes key inputs and risks and creates mitigation and recovery strategies to direct business recovery efforts in the event of a disaster.

BCM is refreshed annually, with site and business sector leadership approving BCM mitigation plans.

Eaton continues to grow this process to improve resiliency.

Climate related risks have been expressly included in BCM planning since 2019, resulting in backup power assessments and deployment to higher risk sites in 2020.

We identify key buildings, infrastructure, customers, suppliers, manufacturing equipment, products information or documentation, and tooling as part of site specific BCM plans.

Business sectors ensure that their facility level plans are current and complete, with a focus on backup power generation, hardening, efficiency and resilience of assets, systems, infrastructure and equipment including air filtration systems, HVAC systems, building materials and design, insurance coverage and site inspections.

In 2022, Eaton conducted site level tabletop exercises for 57 locations to validate new or refresh business continuity plans.

All of Eaton’s sites deemed high risk for hurricanes were verified for hurricane readiness in 2022.

These 14 sites were selected based on rating for wind hazard and wind speed.

Hurricane readiness is defined as the site’s capability to implement the approved Business Continuity Plan (BCP).

Eaton mitigates the impact of high heat through its Environmental Health and Safety program.

All sites impacted by elevated ambient temperatures, either from climate or operational equipment, are required to assess and control health risks associated with working in high temperature environments.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures radiant heat are deployed as needed.

In addition, administrative controls, including employee training, mandatory rest and hydration breaks, modifying work schedules to cooler periods and supervisory monitoring are implemented.

We are continuing to build on site solar to increase the resilience of selected sites.

BCM Compliance Report to track completion of each step in the annual BCM process at the site and business group level.

Quarterly Dashboard Report to monitor closure and resources dedicated to corrective actions identified during the business continuity planning process, table top exercise or actual events.

Supply chain resilience: In 2022, we increased our supply chain resiliency with the adoption of digital risk management tools to geospatially map our supply chain's critical suppliers, ports and logistics routes.

These solutions sense and monitor current operational, geographic and climate risk across 5,000 suppliers and logistics nodes.

These current risks may be amplified by future climate change.

We completed various risk simulations for supply chain operational, geographic and climate risks.

In addition, we increased our focus on building a more resilient supply chain with increased investments in multi sourcing and near shoring and a focus on leadtime reduction.

Implementing energy efficiency audits and projects, executing on site and off site renewable energy strategy, green fleet strategy and fugitive emissions reduction.

Updated climate scenario analysis, Positive Impact Framework in New Product Innovation process, ESG due diligence in M A, electrification, digitalization and energy transition strategy.

Integrate learnings from climate scenario analysis with ERM, BCM, real estate and planning efforts.

Continue to deploy health and safety high heat programs.

Understand climate risks and opportunities related to acquisitions and site assessments.

Continue to deploy SCM resilience activities focused on suppliers and logistics.

Investments in Sustainable R D, capital expenditures for energy efficiency, issued a Sustainability Linked Bond tied to our achievement of our science based GHG target.

Periodically monitor supplier and site specific future climate impacts to reduce risks from acute and chronic material climate hazards in the medium and long term.

The IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board recently integrated.

The SASB Standards identify the subset of sustainability issues most relevant to specific sectors.

SASB Standards were developed based on extensive feedback from companies, investors and other market participants as part of a transparent, publicly documented process.

Eaton reports under the Resource Transformation sector under the Electrical Electronic Equipment industry.

Target 1: By 2030 we plan to have 10% of our operations be certified zero water discharge.

We will focus this target in water stressed areas.

Target 2: Reduce water consumption annually by 2%.

As global demand for water grows, we continue to reduce our water consumption and implement responsible water practices.

Our processes are not particularly water intensive, but water is critical to many of our operations.

And as water stress becomes more pronounced in some areas in which we operate, this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

Eaton encourages near miss (NM) and employee concern reporting as part of our safety management system (MESH) and promotes reporting as part of our Zero Incident Safety culture.

NM are used as a leading indicator to identify areas of risk and opportunity for continuous improvement.

NM reporting is tracked as a measure of employee engagement.

In 2021, we identified potentially severe incidents (PSI) as part of our proactive approach to reduce serious and fatal injuries.

Eaton does not track products containing IEC 62474 declarable substances by revenue.

Scope 3, Category 11 and 12 have been restated with updated methodology.

Statement of use Eaton has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 with reference to the GRI Standards.

For 2019 the number reflects net sales that met at least two of our six attributes in our Positive Impact Solutions framework.

The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected.

This recall amends and supercedes the existing recall: FL 856 (NHTSA Campaign No 20V 404).

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report We make sustainable solutions for our future work.

We’re focused on making a difference in the world improving people’s lives, the communities where we live and work, and the planet future generations depend on.

All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.

Follow us on social media to get the latest product and support information.