This Environmental, Social Governance Report was published in February 2023.

Unless otherwise noted, this report covers Broadcom’s fiscal year 2022 ended October 30, 2022 (referred to herein as 2022).

We intend to continue to report on our environmental, social and governance (ESG) programs and initiatives annually.

For additional information, visit Broadcom’s Corporate Citizenship page.

To provide feedback or obtain additional information about this report and Broadcom’s corporate social responsibility program, please contact esg broadcom.com.

We prepared this report leveraging the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards (core option), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors and Software IT Services Industry Standards and the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

When we use the terms Broadcom, we, us, our and the company, we mean Broadcom Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise indicates.

The terms material and materiality as used in this report and in the ESG priorities assessment are different from those terms as used in the context of filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Issues deemed material for the purposes of this report or the ESG priorities assessment may not be deemed material for SEC reporting purposes.

Broadcom is recognized as a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions.

Through both our cutting edge semiconductor solutions that move data around the world and our business critical software solutions that enable scalability, agility and security, we take pride that our customers, employees and communities are Connected by Broadcom.

As Broadcom continues to evolve, so does the world around us, which presents new challenges that companies must address to stay ahead.

Our 2022 Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) Report reflects the steps we have taken on our ESG journey.

In recognition of our shared responsibility in combating climate change, we are proud to announce our commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our operations by 38% by 2030.

Our target goal is in line with the UN Paris Agreement and Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) goal to limit global warming to 1.5 Celsius above pre industrial levels.

We have also disclosed four categories of our Scope 3 emissions in our 2022 ESG Report.

Broadcom has an engineering first, innovation centric culture, and our approach to ESG is no different.

Through our holistic and innovative design and development process, we are continuing to meet customer needs for energy efficient high performance products.

By taking action now both in our operations and with our products, we are planning for the future and trying to do our part to effectively mitigate the impacts of climate change.

As always, we remain committed to conducting our business with integrity, maintaining strong corporate governance, respecting human rights and supporting a strong and diverse workforce.

In 2022, we published our Human Rights Principles, which makes clear the commitments and values we hold throughout our company, operations, supply chain and communities.

As we work to build one of the world’s leading infrastructure technology companies, we recognize our responsibility to connect not just products and businesses, but also communities and people.

We strive to ensure our customers, employees and communities in which we work and live remain Connected by Broadcom.

Hock E. Tan President and Chief Executive Officer Broadcom Inc.

Broadcom Inc. is a global infrastructure technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions.

Recognized for our innovation, collaboration and engineering excellence, we deliver to our customers proven, mission critical technologies.

Our cutting edge networking, infrastructure, broadband and connectivity semiconductor solutions ensure that our customers, employees and communities stay Connected by Broadcom.

Our over 50 year history of innovation dates back to our diverse origins from Hewlett Packard Company, AT T, LSI Corporation, Broadcom Corporation, Brocade Communication Systems, CA Technologies and Symantec Enterprise Security.

Our culture of technological innovation continues today due to our talented and dedicated employees across the Americas, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

We take pride in our highly efficient operating model.

We strive to maximize value for our stockholders while providing flexibility in how we invest our resources.

In 2022, we were awarded the Best Financially Managed Semiconductor Company by the Global Semiconductor Alliance for the third time in four years.

Our disciplined management, operating and acquisition strategies have allowed us to increase our dividend every year since we began paying dividends in 2010.

ESG environmental, social and governance at Broadcom starts at the top with our Board of Directors and executives.

Our Board, through its Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (NESG Committee), oversees our ESG program, including our environmental sustainability, human rights supply chain, and diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) programs and initiatives.

The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from our executives on ESG matters and updates the Board at least quarterly.

The feedback we receive from our stakeholders on ESG matters is also regularly communicated to the NESG Committee and the Board.

Our Board is engaged in the preparation of and reviews our ESG Report.

Our ESG Steering Committee is led by the President of our Semiconductor Solutions Group, who reports to our Chief Executive Officer.

Our ESG Steering Committee also includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, and senior leaders in Global Operations (including supply chain and procurement), Human Resources, Legal and Workplace Services.

The ESG Steering Committee meets quarterly and is responsible for preparing the ESG Report, providing status updates to the NESG Committee and engaging with our ESG Working Groups who champion our ESG initiatives across Broadcom on behalf of the ESG Steering Committee.

We currently have three main ESG Working Groups that focus on DEI, environmental sustainability and human rights supply chain issues and initiatives.

Our ESG priorities, which are validated by our ESG Steering Committee and reviewed by our NESG Committee and Board, are the ESG issues that we deem most relevant to our stakeholders and to our ability to create long term value.

We periodically review and refresh our ESG priorities as appropriate.

Global reporting guidelines, such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) (see the Appendix for a more detailed mapping of our ESG disclosures aligned with GRI, SASB and TCFD).

Market trends and standards in the semiconductor and software industries, including focus areas set forth by the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA).

Perspectives and feedback from our stockholders and customers on their.

Engagement with key internal stakeholders, including our employees, senior leadership and internal subject matter experts, to identify and prioritize the ESG issues with the most significant potential impact on our business.

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) represent a call to action to address the most pressing social and environmental issues facing our global community, including quality education, equality and climate change.

We believe technology has the power to transform lives and that our mission critical technologies have an important role to play in the realization of the SDGs.

Our 2022 ESG priorities are mapped below to the SDGs we believe our activities support.

We engage with our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, suppliers, public policymakers, communities, non governmental organizations and industry bodies, to collect valuable input on issues relevant to Broadcom and to help identify our ESG priorities and initiatives.

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer engage with our stockholders throughout the year, and our Lead Independent Director participates in our annual stockholder engagement efforts.

In 2022, our Lead Independent Director and the Chairman of our Compensation Committee engaged with investors owning approximately 49% of our then outstanding stock.

Over 1 million in matching employee charitable donations.

STEM education and digital literacy through Broadcom Foundation.

Industry association participation and representation.

One on one meetings with stockholders on ESG topics.

Survey significant global suppliers on human rights.

Quarterly business reviews, including updates on ESG initiatives.

Respond to inquiries related to product regulatory compliance, supply chain and sustainability.

Policy engagement and outreach with government officials.

Discussions with industry peers and stakeholder organizations.

Collaborate in U.S. government led public private initiatives.

We design, develop and supply a broad range of leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions.

We deliver these infrastructure technology products to the world’s largest business and government customers.

Our broad portfolio of products enables our customers to bring people together and keep them connected.

Our products have been designed and optimized for end to end integration and deliver the best possible performance.

We invest extensively in research and development (R D) to help our products obtain and retain their technology leadership, competitive advantage and performance differentiation.

We estimate that more than 99% of all internet traffic passes through one or more of our technologies.

We are proud that our customers, employees and communities are Connected by Broadcom.

Our corporate responsibility is to deliver semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions to improve the everyday lives of people all over the world and to connect people and businesses responsibly.

For example, our infrastructure software solutions help accelerate digital transformation for the enterprise while protecting and connecting people and data.

Broadcom is focused on developing innovative methods that minimize power consumption in our products for our customers.

Moreover, we support our customers' efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through our products, such as our industrial products that support green energy systems and ezPyro SMD pyroelectric detector products that support the use of more environmentally friendly refrigerants.

Over the past 12 years, Broadcom switch silicon has increased in bandwidth by a factor of 80x while delivering unmatched power efficiency.

One of our latest Tomahawk5 switches replaces 48 Tomahawk 1 switches in the network, resulting in over 95% reduction in power requirements.

Tomahawk 5 with co packaged optics that uses Broadcom’s Silicon Photonics Chiplets in Package (SCIP) platform also provides more than a 50% decrease in the power needed for optical connectivity.

For 15 years, our engineers have minimized both active and idle power consumption that optimize mobile phone battery life for customers.

They do this through low power circuit design and with intelligent software that turns off parts of the chip that are not needed.

For example, reducing GNSS power consumption is crucial to extending the battery life of phones, smart watches and tablets.

Our BCM4778 the world's lowest power L1 L5 GNSS receiver chip consumes five times less power, which increases the battery life on a smart watch by 30 hours, compared to the previous generation chip.

The modern mainframe offers opportunities for our customers to accelerate their environmental sustainability initiatives.

Beyond the hardware benefits, the right software stack can improve mainframe energy efficiency.

Our Mainframe Application Tuner helps customers identify and eliminate unnecessary CPU cycles.

Our Mainframe Operational Intelligence and SYSVIEW products help customers identify ongoing anomalies and avoid mainframe overloads, resulting in lower energy consumption by the mainframe.

Our Mainframe Software Division is also a member and sponsor of Making our Strong Community Stronger (MSCS) the first ever, executive level initiative on DEI in the mainframe industry.

Our Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Mainframe Software Division, Greg Lotko, represents Broadcom on MSCS and is a leader in DEI in the mainframe industry.

Due to regulatory changes and increased focus on reducing GHG emissions, many businesses are moving away from using established refrigerant gases, such as chlorofluorocarbons, hydrochlorofluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), and moving towards alternative refrigerants that are more environmentally friendly.

However, one of many challenges in adopting these alternative refrigerants is flammability.

Broadcom’s ezPyro SMD pyroelectric detector products are implemented in gas detection systems and support our customers’ movement towards alternative refrigerants and sustainability.

These sensors allow for the detection of small and large flames, nearby or over larger distances.

As a leader in infrastructure software solutions, our Broadcom Software Group is uniquely positioned to help customers drive key initiatives that increase their operational efficiency and support their sustainability efforts.

Our infrastructure software solutions support customers by improving monitoring processes, monitoring scale, network configuration management practices, optimizing resource utilization, and reducing manual efforts involved in finding and fixing performance, availability and network security issues quickly.

Our reputation for product excellence is built upon innovation, quality and reliability.

We continue to achieve this by establishing strict quality standards and continuously improving the effectiveness of our quality management system, processes and products to enhance value for our customers, stockholders and employees.

Our Vice President of Quality reviews quality issues, including customer returns, every month.

The President of our Semiconductor Solutions Group also reviews quality issues on a quarterly basis with our Vice President of Quality.

We expect our employees to provide products that meet legal requirements and are safe for their intended markets and applications, as outlined by our Product Safety and Regulations Policy and Quality Policy.

Our quality management system and processes are aligned with the requirements of International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001, and we choose suppliers with quality management systems of equal rigor.

We expect our suppliers and partners to comply with our Suppliers Partners Quality System Requirements.

For more information, please refer to our certificates: ISO 9001 Certificate and International Automotive Task Force (IATF) 16949 Certificate.

At Broadcom, we understand that climate change poses an immense challenge for society and that a collective effort is required to effectively mitigate the impacts.

We seek to manage our business in a sustainable manner that considers the impact of both our direct operations and supply chain on the planet.

We also strive to continuously improve our operations by managing resources effectively and finding innovative ways to produce our products more efficiently.

Our semiconductor solutions business primarily operates through a fabless production model where we outsource the vast majority of the manufacturing of our semiconductor products to trusted third party suppliers and foundries.

Managing our environmental impact allows us to be prepared for climate related risks and capitalize on climate related opportunities, making Broadcom more resilient to climate change while allowing us to increase operational performance and reduce costs.

In this report, we have disclosed four categories of Scope 3 emissions.

We have also increased our efforts to collect and analyze utility and other environmental data from our globally owned facilities, such as non hazardous waste data.

Our 2022 total Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market based) GHG emissions decreased by 17% from 2021 GHG emissions levels.

The decrease was primarily driven by abatement activities at our Fort Collins, Colorado manufacturing facility, procurement of renewable energy certificates (RECs) and energy efficiency initiatives at our global facilities.

Because it is important that we share the responsibility of combating climate change, we continue to evaluate additional Scope 3 GHG emissions categories that are relevant to our business for data collection and reporting in future ESG Reports.

We are also carefully reviewing additional climate and environment related goals.

We leverage the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to communicate our approach to addressing climate related risks and opportunities through governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.

We have an integrated, collaborative and cross functional approach to addressing climate change.

Employees from our Global Operations, Workplace Services, Legal, Government Affairs, Sales and manufacturing and product division groups are responsible for managing climate related activities, initiatives and policies.

Committee and Audit Committee review climate related risks and opportunities and related strategies on an annual basis.

We describe our overall risk management processes in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and we describe our climate related risks and opportunities in this report, in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10 K and in our CDP Climate Change survey.

A more detailed mapping of our climate disclosures aligned with the recommendations of TCFD and the SASB framework (Semiconductors and Software IT Industry Standards) is included in the Appendix.

Since 2005, our Singapore and Penang, Malaysia facilities have maintained a multi site ISO 14001 certification for environmental management, and our Charlotte, North Carolina manufacturing facility has maintained ISO 14001 certification since 2006.

This rigorous international certification is focused on continuous improvement to resource efficiency, preventing negative environmental impacts and building employee awareness among employees in reducing their environmental footprint.

Energy use and efficiency, water management, GHG emissions reductions and waste management represent Broadcom’s priority environmental impact areas, both directly at our proprietary manufacturing locations and indirectly through our outsourced manufacturing activities.

Ensure our products and operations comply with applicable environmental legislation and other related compliance obligations.

Operate and continually improve an environmental management system that strives to align with our business practices and set objectives that enhance environmental performance.

Conduct our operations in a manner that supports recycling, conservation of resources, prevention of pollution and protection of the environment.

Responsibly manage the use of hazardous substances in our operations and products.

Inform our suppliers, partners and contractors of our environmental expectations and encourage them to adopt sound environmental management practices.

Promote environmental stewardship and sustainability within our organization.

Publicly communicate our environmental priorities and performance annually.

Our environmental management system, which serves as a framework for our global operations, is aligned with International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 and guides our efforts in achieving the expectations set forth by our Environment and Sustainability Policy.

We also monitor and track our environmental data, such as GHG emissions, energy consumption, water with drawals and waste generated.

We continuously look for ways to improve our environmental performance over time.

Our Fort Collins facility was one of the early adopters of point of use abatement units and installed these abatement units as early as 2008.

Since 2012, we have installed 27 abatement units, resulting in an overall reduction of approximately 59% of Scope 1 GHG emissions at our Fort Collins facility from 2016 to 2021.

By 2025, our goal is to have abatement units installed on all GHG emitting tools at our Fort Collins facility.

Our Fort Collins facility is our largest manufacturing facility.

We are proud that our Fort Collins facility has been recognized as a Gold Environmental Leader by the Colorado Department of Public Health Environment since 2010 for going beyond compliance requirements and has been a Platinum ClimateWise Member of the City of Fort Collins Sustainability Partnership since 2000 for voluntarily reducing our carbon emissions.

Our Fort Collins facility routinely reviews the efficiency of equipment, technologies and processes to reduce our energy consumption, water consumption and GHG emissions.

In 2021 and 2022, we implemented an industrial water reuse project to redirect process rinse water from our water purification system to three wet scrubber systems, instead of using fresh water.

This initiative is expected to result in approximately 4.7 million gallons of water being reused per year.

In 2022, we installed five new abatement units on individual dry etch and chemical vapor deposition (CVD) tools, which mitigate GHG emissions.

This installation is estimated to have achieved Scope 1 GHG emissions reductions of 6,000 tCO e in 2022 compared to 2021.

In 2022, we refurbished a chiller to increase energy efficiency and provide greater capability, with an anticipated savings of approximately 78,200 kWh of electricity per year.

In 2022, we started to replace and convert a heat transfer fluid used in certain specialized manufacturing equipment to a fluid with a significantly lower global warming potential.

We recognize that climate change is a serious concern for the state of Colorado and western U.S. regions.

Our Fort Collins facility has installed improved outside air filtration to overcome increased particles in the air from wildfires and other particles, such as dust from winds and dry soil.

We have also optimized HVAC systems through incoming air damper adjustments, increased use of carbon filters for odor reduction and introduced high efficiency pre filters to minimize outside particulates from entering the office space and manufacturing areas.

We actively monitor and collect data on the electricity and fuel we consume in our facilities and the process gases, including perfluorocarbons (PFCs) used in equipment, which are the primary sources of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions.

For this report, we calculated GHG emissions associated with our electricity, natural gas, fuel, refrigerant, PFCs and other process gas consumption for our global facilities and operations where we have operational control.

PFCs and other process gases are required for certain tools in the semiconductor manufacturing process, including CVD chamber cleaning and etching equipment.

Semiconductor manufacturing process chemicals include PFCs, HFCs, nitrogen trifluoride, sulfur hexafluoride, fluorinated heat transfer fluids and nitrous oxide.

Electricity usage at our facilities accounts for approximately 75% of our total energy consumption and approximately 65% of our overall Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location based) GHG emissions.

Our second largest source of GHG emissions is PFCs, which are used in processing equipment at our manufacturing facilities, and account for approximately 25% of our overall Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location based) GHG emissions.

The following table summarizes our fuel and energy consumption for our global facilities in 2022 and 2021.

See Environmental Metrics in the Appendix for more information on the calculation methodology.

BROADCOM 2022 ESG Report Environment The following table summarizes our greenhouse GHG emissions for our global facilities in 2022 and 2021.

See Environmental Metrics in the Appendix for more information on the calculation methodology.

The reduction in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions was primarily driven by GHG emissions abatement activities at our Fort Collins facility.

We also sourced 28,000 MWh of Green e certified renewable energy certificates (RECs) for our Fort Collins facility, which reduced our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by an additional 14,625 tCO e.

Our Breinigsville, Pennsylvania manufacturing facility installed a variable frequency drive control panel on our ultra pure water system pump motors.

We expect to save up to 148,500 kWh of electricity and reduce emissions by 44 tCO e annually from this initiative.

Our San Jose Ridder Park, California office replaced our fluorescent lighting with LED lighting.

We expect to save approximately 181,000 kWh of energy and reduce emissions by 42 tCO e annually from this initiative.

Our San Jose Ridder Park, California office replaced several inefficient rooftop units.

We expect to save approximately 157,000 kWh of electricity and reduce emissions by 37 tCO e annually from this initiative.

Our Singapore Depot manufacturing facility replaced our fluorescent lighting with LED lighting.

We expect to save approximately 49,000 kWh of energy and reduce emissions by 19 tCO e annually from this initiative.

Our Irvine, California office implemented building management system programming to adjust the heating and air conditioning settings in our labs to unoccupied’ during after hours and weekends.

We expect to save up to 1,300,000 kWh of electricity and reduce emissions by 304 tCO e annually from this initiative.

Our Colorado Springs, Colorado office replaced our old air conditioning systems with new energy efficient HVAC units.

We expect to save more than 244,000 kWh of electricity per year from this initiative.

As part of our efforts to modernize, optimize and reduce our carbon impact, our cloud services that previously operated in a combination of co located data centers and a third party cloud platform migrated to a new cloud platform that uses 100% renewable energy.

This transition has provided significant customer value and increased software efficiencies for our various software business units and product portfolios, and helps support our customers’ sustainability goals.

In 2022, Broadcom received the Switch Sustainability Certificate for using 100% renewable energy within the Switch ecosystem, which houses our largest data center in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Our co located data center in Singapore also received both LEED Gold Certification and the BCA Green Mark Platinum award for our outstanding achievements in environmental sustainability.

We recognize that water scarcity and quality are challenges that many communities encounter around the world, and we strive to use water responsibly in our operations.

Semiconductor manufacturing uses a significant amount of water.

We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing model, with over 85% of our semiconductor wafer manufacturing performed by third party foundries.

We also outsource the substantial majority of our assembly and test operations to third parties.

Our contract manufacturers and other supply chain suppliers are expected to abide by our Supplier Environmental and Social Responsibility Code of Conduct, which requires water management.

We regularly monitor our own water use at facilities where we have operational control and make efforts to conserve and use it efficiently in our facilities.

Water is monitored and managed locally, and we have implemented various technologies to reduce water consumption.

At our global facilities, these efforts reduced our water use by approximately 5 million gallons in 2022.

In the U.S., our Fort Collins facility is the primary driver of our water consumption.

We actively monitor our water consumption and evaluate our water efficiency efforts at this manufacturing facility.

We continue to invest in substantial improvements to conserve, recycle and reclaim water used at our Fort Collins facility.

Our installation of a water reuse system in 2022 at the Fort Collins facility is expected to save an additional 4.7 million gallons of water each year.

The following table summarizes our water withdrawals at our global facilities in 2022 and 2021.

Water withdrawals based on actual data where available.

Where actual data was not available, water withdrawals were estimated using square footage intensity factors by facility type.

In 2022, our Charlotte, North Carolina manufacturing facility received the Water Environmental Excellence Platinum Award from the City of Charlotte in recognition of five consecutive years of good stewardship in the management of our process wastewater stream.

We monitor our processes that generate waste as part of our overall environmental impact management.

Our facilities around the world are focused on reducing and recycling waste as well as diverting waste from the landfill.

In 2022, we used more reusable plates, utensils and containers at our North American facilities to reduce waste from single use kitchenware at the facilities.

We expect to save approximately 11% in cost per year from this initiative.

We also aggregated our waste and diversion data across our globally owned facilities, which was previously managed at the local facility level until 2021.

We now track waste and diversion data across all of our globally owned offices and manufacturing facilities and e scrap waste data across all of our global facilities.

We actively monitor hazardous waste and industrial process waste streams at our global manufacturing facilities.

In 2022, our manufacturing facilities diverted nearly 99% of all hazardous waste from landfill through reuse, recycling, incineration or other means.

The elimination of hazardous substances from products is a global initiative.

We offer a broad portfolio of RoHS compliant products.

Rigorous testing procedures ensure the performance integrity of our portfolio of products, regardless of the materials and processes employed.

Our efforts are outlined in our Product Material Environmental Specifications and General Specification for the Environment.

The following table summarizes our waste data in 2022.

We partner with a third party service provider to decommission and recycle all of our e waste.

In 2022, we recycled over 48 metric tons (100,000 lbs) of e waste from our facilities globally.

To celebrate Earth Day in 2022, we sponsored an e waste recycling initiative at 30 of our global sites and collected approximately 26 metric tons (over 57,000 lbs) of e waste.

Hazardous and industrial process waste data is based on reported data from all global manufacturing facilities.

E scrap data is presented separately here for visibility into e scrap waste generation at all global facilities.

E scrap waste generated at all global owned offices and manufacturing facilities is also included above in Total Waste Generated in the Non Hazardous Waste table.

At Broadcom, we understand that our workforce is the foundation of our success.

Having a talented, engaged and diverse workforce, many of whom have joined Broadcom via acquisitions, makes us a strong, resilient and innovative company.

We are able to recruit and retain our highly skilled and dedicated workforce due to our workplace culture, which encourages our employees to push for excellence and innovation, and rewards and supports them for giving their best.

We measure our employees’ engagement by our voluntary attrition rate and our annual Employee Ethical Culture Survey.

We use this important feedback to continuously improve and create a supportive environment for our employees where they feel their contributions are valued.

Our global voluntary attrition rate in 2022 (which does not include employees who left as a result of restructuring, divestitures or involuntary terminations) was 6.5%, which is below the technology industry benchmark (AON, 2022 Salary Increase and Turnover Study Second Edition, September 2022).

In 2022, we were recognized as one of the American Opportunity Index’s Best Workplaces to Stay and Thrive at One Company and Best Workplaces to Advance without a College Degree.

These awards reflect the opportunities and growth potential for our employees at Broadcom.

At the end of 2022, Broadcom had approximately 20,000 employees in 30 countries around the world.

Our EEO 1 report for our employees in the U.S. can be found at the Corporate Citizenship webpage on our external company website.

Here is a snapshot of our workforce as of October 30, 2022.

Broadcom is a global company that employs people of many different nationalities, ethnicities, cultures, abilities, backgrounds, faiths and beliefs.

Our goal is to create a welcoming and inclusive culture, which empowers our workforce to give their best, collaborate and contribute to our collective success.

We recognize that the greatest ideas can come from a diverse workforce and the need to continue to champion these different perspectives to foster our culture of innovation.

Our Diversity Broadcom initiative encourages a diverse, equitable and inclusive community at Broadcom.

Our DEI Working Group launched the Diversity Broadcom initiative in 2021 with our executive sponsor Sally Doherty, who is Vice President and General Manager of our PreAmp Components Division.

The Diversity Broadcom initiative is also supported by a steering committee that is comprised of several of our executives and general managers who lead business units at Broadcom.

Our Lean In Circles program provides our employees with peer mentorship and a safe space where they can share their experiences, build new skills and lead.

Our Lean In Circles cover a range of identities and experiences.

We are proud to continue to support this important community network for our employees.

International Women's Day (March 8) is a global holiday that celebrates the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women.

Our Broadcom team in India conducted a series of programs, including sessions on financial independence, leadership and professional development, to support the holistic development and empowerment of our female employees.

Through our Diversity Broadcom initiative, we host global Leadership Talks featuring Broadcom executives and other industry and community leaders.

The Leadership Talks provide a forum for leaders and our employees to share their experiences and discuss leadership and DEI within Broadcom and our industry.

In 2022, we hosted Leadership Talks to recognize the contributions of military veterans in the workplace and to celebrate Black History Month, Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Hispanic Heritage Month.

We also featured an inspirational disability awareness advocate who spoke to our employees about overcoming perceived limitations and tackling challenges with courage and creativity.

Dr. Brown, who has degrees in electrical engineering and computer science, is currently the Director of Space STEM and Workforce Policy in the Office of the Vice President of the United States.

In recognition of Black History Month, Dr. Brown shared her professional journey and her work to promote DEI in STEM.

In honor of U.S. Veterans Day, Dr. Doherty (Vice President and General Manager of our PreAmp Components Division and U.S. Air Force veteran) led a panel discussion with other Broadcom military veterans to highlight the unique and valuable skills that military veterans bring to the workplace and how to best support their transition from military to civilian job roles.

Jessica Cox, a well known disabilities rights advocate, shared her inspirational journey from being born armless to earning the Guinness World Record for being the first armless airplane pilot.

She spoke about her passion for overcoming perceived limitations and tackling challenges with courage and creativity.

In Jessica’s words, disability does not mean inability.

Frank Ostojic (Senior Vice President and General Manager of our ASIC Products Division) shared his leadership journey, noting that overcoming language and cultural obstacles helped create resilience and a drive to excel.

Mr. Ostojic spoke to the importance of DEI in the workplace and having multiple viewpoints at the table to make us a better and stronger company.

Broadcom takes a thoughtful and comprehensive approach when integrating workforces from our acquired companies and businesses.

We spend a lot of time learning about the values and culture of our acquired companies and businesses.

We are proud that many knowledgeable and talented employees from our acquired companies and businesses, such as LSI, Brocade, CA Technologies and Symantec Enterprise Security, have decided to join us at Broadcom.

We do not take this challenge of integrating our workforce lightly.

Our Chief Executive Officer, executives and many different groups, such as Human Resources, Finance, Legal, Global Technology Organization, Global Operations and Workplace Services, are actively involved in planning integration and ensuring a supportive transition upon closing the acquisition.

We provide employees who have decided to join us with orientation, compliance and product trainings, and assistance with onboarding and transition so that they can quickly integrate into Broadcom and be part of the Broadcom team from day one of closing the acquisition.

We also look for ways to create professional opportunities and growth for the employees who join us.

Leaders from the acquired companies and businesses have joined Broadcom upon the closing of the acquisitions, and they are important in ensuring that employee morale is maintained and attrition is limited.

Currently, 47% of our executives and general managers who lead business units within Broadcom have joined us through acquisitions.

When I first learned that Broadcom was acquiring Symantec, I was a bit nervous a lot of changes, the unknown... And really at the end of the day, it’s working with the same great people that I like working with, and still having that family culture where I don’t just work with other coworkers, I work with friends.

Once I joined Broadcom, I had more responsibilities and a more diverse portfolio.

I got to try new things and do things that I might not have had the opportunity to do had we not been acquired.

Charlie Kawwas, Ph.D., President of our Semiconductor Solutions Group and executive chair of our ESG Steering Committee, joined Broadcom through our acquisition of LSI in 2014.

As an integral member of our executive management team, Dr. Kawwas oversees our broad semiconductor portfolio in addition to overseeing our worldwide semiconductor sales and global operations.

Kirsten Spears, our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our ESG Steering Committee, joined Broadcom through our acquisition of LSI in 2014.

Ms. Spears was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2020 and is responsible for all financial functions and investor relations at Broadcom.

We strive to recruit and hire diverse candidates and advance qualified women, minorities, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

We are continuing our efforts to increase our goal of building a diverse pipeline of Broadcom employees through our science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education programs and scholarships.

We regularly monitor and assess our various programs and policies related to employment decisions, equal opportunity and affirmative action to identify and address areas of potential improvement.

We integrate diversity, inclusion and belonging principles in how we attract, retain and motivate our employees.

We developed and launched in 2022 Inclusive Leadership toolkits for our executives and managers to help us accelerate DEI at Broadcom and provide a strong foundation for future progress.

These toolkits empower our leaders with practical guidance and resources and raise awareness of important DEI issues, such as unconscious bias, in recruiting, hiring, onboarding and retention.

Our HR Group also provided one on one trainings to our executives and hiring managers and created a checklist so that these toolkits can become an integral part of the hiring process.

In 2022, we provided scholarships focused toward electrical engineering and computer science students from underrepresented communities at San Jose State University, Colorado State University and Spelman College’s Center of Excellence for Minority Women in STEM, all of which are located near some of our larger locations in the U.S.

In addition, we sponsored scholarships with the Society of Women Engineers.

At the end of 2022, approximately 64% of our employees worldwide were in R D roles.

It is important to Broadcom that we improve the representation of women and people from underrepresented communities in technical roles in our pipeline of candidates.

We partner with Broadcom Foundation, a non profit organization established in 2009 and funded from our subsidiary Broadcom Corporation, to advance STEM education for women and underrepresented youth.

We and Broadcom Foundation believe that cultivating interest in STEM, achieving digital literacy, providing equitable access to STEM education and preparing students to be college and career ready to succeed in STEM fields is key to creating the engineers, scientists and innovators of tomorrow.

Broadcom Foundation has made a four year commitment to support a STEMNext Opportunity Fellow for two years at the Executive Office of Science and Technology Policy and two years at the U.S. Department of Labor.

The Fellows use their knowledge, skills and expertise to advance DEI and access to STEM education and workforce development.

With annual grants of over 4 million, Broadcom Foundation has supported regional, national and international science fairs, code clubs and after out of school programs for middle school students.

Our employees volunteer their time to mentor, participate in Broadcom Foundation sponsored STEM education programs and judge science fair competitions.

Broadcom’s success depends on its continued ability to attract, motivate and retain our workforce.

Competition for talented employees is significant in many locations where we operate, such as Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia.

The health and well being of our employees is important to Broadcom.

We offer a range of benefits to our employees beyond the traditional healthcare benefits and insurance.

As a result, we provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to our employees, including performance based compensation (such as our annual cash bonus program, sales incentive plans and spot bonuses) and equity awards.

Broadcom is different from its peer companies because a vast majority of our employees receive equity awards that vest over time.

We grant equity to our employees because we want our employees to share in Broadcom’s success.

We believe that equity compensation aligns the interest of our employees with our stockholders, is a key factor in recruiting and retaining top talent, and assists in the successful and rapid integration of our employees who join Broadcom through acquisitions.

Employee Assistance Programs, including mental health services.

Paid parental leave, including maternity, paternity and adoption leave.

Increased sick leave flexibility in response to COVID 19.

To help reduce stress and encourage mindfulness, we provide wellness and prayer meditation rooms.

We also subsidize our on site cafeterias that feature healthy dietary options, including vegetarian and halal options where available.

As part of our effort to ensure employee equality and pay equity, we engaged a third party firm to conduct an annual pay equity evaluation focusing on subsets of our global population, including the U.S.

After accounting for factors such as job and location, this evaluation in 2022 revealed that, on average, pay was equitable for employees in the same job doing the same work when comparing women to men globally, or when comparing Asian, Black African American or Hispanic Latinx to White Caucasian employees in the U.S.

To assist and guide employees in their physical, emotional, social and mental wellbeing, we partnered with 1 to 1 Help and launched counseling week for our employees in India.

The initiative provided over a hundred counseling sessions to employees, gave them a glimpse of how counseling can help with their wellbeing and reduced the barrier of receiving counseling and mental health support from a professional.

We encourage our employees to continuously learn new skills and to strengthen their existing skills.

We provide structured, job specific technical training and testing for our manufacturing and operational employees.

We also provide numerous technical product trainings to our sales personnel.

All of our employees (including part time employees) and contractors are required to complete trainings that support Broadcom’s values and culture, such as our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, harassment prevention, cybersecurity and data privacy, human rights, anti corruption and anti trust.

Our managers have multiple opportunities throughout the year to provide performance feedback to their team members, including feedback on career and skill development.

Our reviews and decisions on annual salaries, bonuses, equity award grants and promotions occur in different quarters throughout the year, and at each of those times managers are required to evaluate their team members’ performance and provide them feedback.

Our Educational Assistance Program is available to all employees (including part time employees) and provides them with financial assistance to take academic classes or relevant degree programs that are work related and provide knowledge and skills to enhance their job performance.

During 2022, we reimbursed employees approximately 520,000 in tuition expenses under this program.

In 2022, our employees and contractors completed a total of over 100,000 assigned learning hours, including over 41,000 assigned learning hours of technical training.

Each of our divisions has the ability to create and customize its own training and development programs, including intern and mentor programs.

Our Agile Operations Division (AOD) Learning and Development Program provides employees with opportunities to learn and grow at work through activities such as knowledge share events, mentoring programs and a variety of learning communities.

Over 93% of AOD employees participate in this program.

AOD invests in our current and future leaders through an extensive leadership program Unleashing Your Leadership Potential that provides them with practical tools and experiences, like peer coaching sessions, to drive real business results.

AOD’s Unleashing Your Leadership Potential program was shortlisted as a DEI Initiative of the Year at the Women in IT Awards USA 2022 organized by DiversityQ.

Maintaining a safe and healthy work environment is important for the well being and productivity of our employees.

We continue to make strides in engaging our employees to design and implement safe work processes that eliminate hazards and reduce occupational health and safety (OHS) risks in our operations.

Our Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) management system and processes apply to all of our facilities globally, and we maintain third party ISO 14001 certification at certain sites.

To drive EHS compliance across Broadcom facilities, we assign site coordinators and develop and implement site specific EHS Compliance Plans that consider local OHS risks in our operations, the environment and legal requirements.

EHS Compliance Plan implementation is tracked and regularly reported to senior management.

Our Occupational Health and Safety Policy is aligned with international and Singapore OHS management system standards (ISO 45001:2018 and SS 651:2019).

Our EHS intranet site provides information to our employees, including COVID 19 pandemic information, emergency action plans, work related injury reporting systems, EHS Compliance Plans and other EHS programs, procedures and guidelines.

We also provide self paced online EHS training courses to help our employees understand their responsibilities and the resources available to them.

In 2022, we updated and deployed company specific EHS training courses.

We have standard processes for reporting occupational injuries and illnesses so global rates are consistently managed and tracked.

Once an occupational injury or illness is reported, we conduct an incident investigation and root cause analysis, as needed, to determine appropriate corrective and preventive actions.

Our semiconductor manufacturing and laboratory operations represent our most significant health and safety risks, due to higher potential exposure to chemicals and equipment related hazards at such sites.

Continued focus on managing and reducing OHS risks has helped us maintain U.S. occupational injury and illness lost time case rates significantly below the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) occupational injury and illness incidence rate averages for the semiconductors, computer system design and software publishers industries in which we operate over the last five years.

In 2022, we had 26 recordable cases and 12 lost workday cases representing a total of 122 lost workdays globally.

In 2022, global total injury and illness case rate was 0.13 cases per 100 employees, and our global lost workday case rate was 0.06 cases per 100 employees.

There were no work related fatalities globally in 2022.

For most of 2022, we have been able to return to the office and maintain on site operations because we have implemented and continue to implement numerous additional proactive measures to protect and invest in the health and well being of our workforce.

Deployed portable HEPA filtration units for conference rooms and limited the number of people permitted in a conference room at a time.

Provided mental health support to our employees through our EAP and various health insurance provider sponsored initiatives.

Provided masks, gloves, hand sanitizers and disinfecting cleaning supplies for all on site personnel, and mandated that personnel wear masks.

Maintained thermal scanning cameras and infrared contactless thermometers at all locations.

Required regular COVID 19 rapid antigen testing for employees, sub tenants and visitors at most sites.

Reconfigured work space arrangements to reduce employee density in our facilities and promote social distancing.

Significantly enhanced cleaning protocols, including frequent intraday sanitization of high contact common areas and surfaces and daily electrostatic disinfection of common areas and conference rooms in many of our locations.

Maintained HVAC systems to meet or exceed American.

Beginning in March 2018, our Fort Collins facility has partnered with UCHealth to provide our employees with access to medical care through an on site health clinic.

The clinic is open during hours that overlap all employee shifts and is staffed by a physician assistant and a medical assistant, who can provide both personal primary care and occupational surveillance and treatment.

Since September 2020, the clinic has had over 5,500 employee visits covering a range of services such as workers' compensation injury illness evaluation, treatment and medical surveillance, medical consultation and COVID 19 mitigation.

The clinic also provides personal primary care such as immunizations, blood draws, rapid diagnostic testing and drop in vital sign measurements.

Beginning in June 2022, our onsite third party contractors could access the clinic in addition to Broadcom employees, resulting in almost 3,000 employee and contractor visits in 2022.

We are committed to supporting ethical business conduct, respecting human rights and responsibly sourcing materials throughout our global supply chain.

Our Supplier Environmental and Social Responsibility Code of Conduct (Supplier Code), which reflects the Responsible Business Alliance’s Code of Conduct, is the foundation of our responsible sourcing practices.

Our Supplier Code, along with our contract and purchase order terms, establish our expectations regarding workplace standards and business practices for our suppliers including with respect to labor and human rights, health and safety, the environment and anti corruption.

We outsource most of our manufacturing and strive to work with responsible supply chain partners that are leaders in the industry.

Our integrated approach in managing human rights in our business and supply chain is set forth below.

In 2021, Broadcom became a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA).

We are committed to upholding RBA’s vision of a global electronics industry that creates sustainable value for workers, the environment and business.

As a member of RBA, we have leveraged some of RBA’s tools in our supplier assessment program, including their Self Assessment Questionnaires and Validated Assessment Program.

We conduct supplier human rights surveys and assessments on an annual basis and when onboarding suppliers.

We regularly audit our suppliers on human rights issues, including interviews with workers.

We communicate our human rights related activities in our ESG Report and in our Statement Against Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.

In 2022, we published our Human Rights Principles, which reflects our commitment to respecting human rights and avoiding complicity in any human rights abuse throughout our company, operations, supply chain and communities.

Our employment and supply chain practices and policies, including our Supplier Code, support the fundamental human rights principles of freely chosen employment, non discrimination, the elimination of forced and underage labor, and the rights of workers to engage in peaceful assembly, organize, freely associate and bargain collectively, as articulated in the International Labour Organization Conventions.

Respecting human rights, particularly the rights of people in vulnerable communities (women, children and migrant workers) is a shared responsibility, and we strive to align our approach and actions with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Our Human Rights Supply Chain Working Group conducted a human rights impact assessment (HRIA) to identify our most salient human rights concerns that could impact our supply chain.

The assessment included input from and collaboration with key stakeholders, risk assessments and results of our internal audit of our supply chain.

Forced labor (including recruiting fees and retaining worker identification documents).

Worker disciplinary practices (e.g., use of wage fines as punishment).

On an annual basis, we identify and survey our significant suppliers globally (that were not part of our prior surveys) for human rights related issues.

The suppliers surveyed in 2020, 2021 and 2022 collectively represent over 99.9% of our supply chain (based on our 2021 supplier spend).

All new suppliers are also screened for potential human rights issues as part of our onboarding process.

We found no instances of forced labor, child labor, slavery or human trafficking among Broadcom’s suppliers.

However, through the 2022 screenings, we identified a supplier in Japan with a policy that allows its employees to be fined as permitted by local laws.

While this practice is legal in Japan, we have engaged with this supplier and requested the discontinuance of this practice.

Through this survey process, we have identified suppliers that we can support in developing more robust human rights programs, policies and or training and have begun to engage with those suppliers.

All surveyed suppliers, as well as certain categories of new suppliers, are placed in our third party continuous monitoring program to alert us to emerging human rights issues that might arise with the suppliers.

Our Global Operations and Internal Audit teams regularly audit our suppliers’ operations and compliance with various Broadcom and human rights related requirements.

In their audits, our teams review wage and hour labor laws, working conditions, employment agreements and recruitment fee payments.

In addition to publicly reporting on human rights annually in our ESG Reports, we publish an annual Statement Against Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking in compliance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the U.K. Modern Slavery Act and the Australian Modern Slavery Act.

While these audits are typically on site audits at the supplier location, many audits were still conducted remotely in 2022 due to the COVID 19 pandemic.

The audits that were conducted on site included worker interviews.

The human rights related findings from these audits in 2022 identified three suppliers that required remediation.

Two suppliers needed to improve their worker hours tracking systems to ensure their workers did not work beyond permitted hour limits.

Another supplier needed to provide clearer communication with its workers on employment agreement terms.

We required action plans for these suppliers and the findings have been remediated.

As part of our ongoing efforts to educate and raise awareness of forced labor and human trafficking issues, we require annual human rights awareness and forced labor prevention training for relevant employees in our Global Operations, Human Resources, Legal, Procurement and supply chain functions who have a direct responsibility for supply chain management.

Our employees working with our U.S. government customers complete combating trafficking in persons and prevention of forced labor training on an annual basis.

In 2022, we achieved a 100% completion rate for both of these trainings.

Anyone inside or outside of Broadcom can communicate with Broadcom’s Compliance Officer and Compliance Team via our Ethics and Compliance Hotline (available in all relevant languages) to report any human rights related issues.

We take all reported issues seriously, and we promptly investigate and take disciplinary actions as appropriate (which may include senior management discussions, employee communications, trainings, process and controls improvements and corrective action measures).

We are committed to socially responsible sourcing of conflict minerals (cassiterite, columbite tantalite, gold, wolframite, and or their derivatives tin, tantalum and tungsten) that are included in our products.

We also strongly support our industry’s efforts to expand the smelter certification program and the audit process, including expanding these efforts to include cobalt.

We are a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), and leverage RMI’s resources to conduct our conflict minerals supply chain due diligence, including using RMI’s database of suppliers that are listed on the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) Conformant Smelter List.

Because we outsource most of our manufacturing, we do not typically have a direct relationship with the smelters and refiners (SORs).

In 2021, 93% (243 out of 260) of the active SORs potentially in our supply chain were certified conflict free under the RMAP audit process.

This high level of conformance is due to our on going efforts to identify conflict minerals risks in our supply chain and encourage our suppliers to purchase materials only from SORs that are certified as conflict free in compliance with RMAP protocols.

For more information, see our Conflict Minerals Policy and 2021 Conflict Minerals Report.

We provide relevant employees with training on supplier diversity and integrate supplier diversity considerations into our supplier onboarding process.

We seek to source goods and services from minority owned, woman owned, historically underutilized businesses, veteran owned, service disabled veteran owned, small and disadvantaged businesses that are able to provide quality goods and services in a timely and competitive manner.

As the COVID 19 pandemic continued in 2022, we worked closely with our supply chain to safeguard their workers’ health and ensure continued supply of products and services.

As we enter into 2023, we will continue to monitor and engage our supply chain to ensure human rights are protected while focusing on business continuity.

At Broadcom, cybersecurity and data privacy form a core part of our corporate mission and are critical to protecting our customers, employees, company and the broader digital ecosystem.

Updates on cybersecurity and data privacy risks and initiatives are provided to the Board's Audit Committee on a quarterly basis by our Chief Security Officer.

Our Symantec cybersecurity solutions strengthen the defenses of global institutions against organized crime syndicates operating online.

In addition to providing the latest technical countermeasures against cyber threats, we frequently collaborate with law enforcement agencies and other partners around the world to help neutralize transnational cyber threats.

Our technical expertise and unique visibility into threat actors’ tactics have helped authorities break up cyber crime networks and successfully prosecute or disrupt criminal offenders worldwide, including actors responsible for prolific Trojans, ransomware, distributed denial of service campaigns and crypto mining hijacks.

The Symantec Threat Hunter team also has been vigilant in responding to cyber activity around the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

We were able to share indicators of compromise relating to Russian attacks against Ukrainian network infrastructure in the hours preceding the launch of the invasion, and, since then, have regularly published updates with new information on threats.

While our researchers aggressively pursue online thieves and spies, our Cyber Social Responsibility Policy imposes responsible and ethical guardrails on our collection and sharing of cyber threat intelligence and includes controls designed to prevent the misuse of our commercial cybersecurity technologies.

Broadcom is a member of the Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative (JCDC), a joint collaboration between U.S. federal agencies and the private sector to strengthen U.S. cyber defenses.

As a member of the JCDC, we are proud to help lead the development of cyber defense plans to protect our nation against cyber activity targeting U.S. critical infrastructure.

In 2022, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security recognized Broadcom for its contributions to the mission of the JCDC, including providing the JCDC with unique intelligence that alerted other national governments to the presence of cyber threat actors on their networks.

Actionable intelligence shared by Broadcom with government partners has also been credited with thwarting ransomware and other malicious attacks on critical infrastructure.

As a demonstration of our commitment to cybersecurity within Broadcom, we brought together dozens of engineers, security practitioners and compliance professionals from across business units for a first of its kind corporate Security Consortium in September 2022.

Over the course of three days participants from around the globe collaborated and shared insights about trends and best practices in product security.

We strive to incorporate cybersecurity and privacy into the full lifecycle of our products and to be transparent with our customers and other stakeholders about our cybersecurity and privacy policies and practices.

Our Secure Software Development Policy mandates the use of security and privacy by design principles throughout the software development lifecycle.

This enables us to improve the privacy enhancing capabilities of our products, to maintain accurate information as our products evolve and to improve the speed of our public disclosures as part of our regular transparency efforts.

We also assess the compliance of our products and processes with new laws such as the EU Digital Operational Resilience Act and the California Privacy Rights Act to ensure our readiness to meet our compliance obligations and our ability to offer sound and compliant solutions to our customers.

We maintain a Privacy and Data Protection Portal on our external company website that includes our privacy policies, standard contractual clauses for international data transfers and product specific transparency statements that disclose categories of data collection and processing, the identities and locations of sub processors and privacy enhancing product features.

We have a dedicated privacy group that reports to the Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and oversees all aspects of our corporate privacy program.

We also have an internal privacy working group that consists of global, cross functional employees from our Global Technology Organization, Legal and business units and works to promote a uniform and coordinated approach to various privacy challenges.

We log and track cybersecurity and privacy matters from emergence to resolution, including data subject access requests, data processor risk management, privacy impact assessments, records of processing activities, incident response activities and other privacy compliance issues.

We also actively engage in matters related to data governance by responding to regulatory consultations and providing public policy feedback based on our real life experiences across the regions where we do business.

We revamped our vendor risk management policy and introduced additional security and privacy reviews to ensure that personal and other confidential data that our employees and our customers entrust us with are handled to the highest standards by our own service providers.

As a part of our own enterprise security program, we maintain a comprehensive portfolio of information security management system policies designed around the ISO IEC 27001 standards, and we maintain an ISO 27001:2013 certification for the Customer Support infrastructure of our software businesses.

Our cloud based Software as a Service solutions also undergo routine audits for compliance with applicable security controls standards such as the American Institute of CPAs’ Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality and Privacy (SOC 2) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

We conduct third party penetration testing of our corporate and customer facing networks at least annually and routinely scan servers, applications, endpoints and network devices for vulnerabilities.

All issues identified as critical, high or medium risks are remediated in a timely manner.

In addition, we are actively involved in the international and professional communities and organizations that design the future standards that make tomorrow’s digital ecosystem a safer, more secure and more privacy friendly space, such as the United Nations International Telecommunication Union, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the Internet Engineering Task Force, and the European Telecommunications Standards Institute.

Conducting quarterly email phishing simulations that target a majority of our employees and provide them with crucial cybersecurity self defense skills.

Requiring all of our employees to complete annual data security and privacy awareness trainings that covers cybersecurity, phishing, data protection and privacy topics.

Conducting an annual cybersecurity tabletop exercise for our employees responsible for our data security.

Running a National Cybersecurity Awareness Month campaign in October, including providing additional guidance and resources, such as real life phishing examples and best practices in cybersecurity and privacy, and delivering targeted training to top executives.

We conduct an extensive, multi day, real life scenario tabletop exercise for our employees responsible for our data security to stress test our incident response procedures and response time.

Our annual tabletop exercise requires global, cross functional participation from our employees.

We have made updates to our incident response policy based on learnings from our tabletop exercise to ensure that we continue to effectively address the growing cybersecurity threat as our company and products evolve in a fast changing geopolitical environment.

We are committed to conducting business with integrity and maintaining the highest ethical standards.

Our corporate governance framework embeds accountability at the Board and executive levels and delivers transparency to our stakeholders.

Our Board is led by Chairman Henry Samueli, Ph.D. and Lead Independent Director Eddy Hartenstein.

Three of our nine directors are women, and four of our nine directors are underrepresented minorities, pursuant to the Nasdaq Stock Market’s listing standards.

Our Board has four standing committees: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and Executive Committee.

Our Board adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that cover various topics relating to the Board and its responsibilities, such as composition, overboarding, succession, performance evaluations and operations.

One of the Board’s responsibilities is to evaluate Broadcom’s business risks, including climate related risks and opportunities and cybersecurity risks, and enterprise risk management practices.

Our senior management team regularly reviews and discusses with the Board these risks and enterprise risk management, the measures in place to address these risks and the effectiveness of those measures.

The foundation of our corporate governance framework is our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (Code) and Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Policy.

It is important to Broadcom that our employees, officers, directors and contractors understand and comply with our Code and Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Policy.

Our Code guides our employees, officers, directors and contractors in how we conduct our business and work with each other.

Our Code reflects our values, standards and expectations.

Complying with the Code is a condition of continued employment or engagement with Broadcom.

Our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, who is our Compliance Officer, actively monitors and audits compliance with our Code and policies under the direction and oversight of the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit, with our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer, reports to the Audit Committee at each quarterly meeting regarding any alleged violations of our Code and actions taken to investigate, address and remediate alleged violations.

Our Compliance Team is continuously looking for ways to encourage a culture of ethical conduct and compliance.

Our Global Compliance Ambassador program strengthens our compliance culture at a local level.

Designated employees in our global offices serve as local Compliance Ambassadors, supporting our ethics and compliance culture in their offices and regions.

Our Compliance Team regularly updates the Compliance Ambassadors on upcoming trainings, policy updates or compliance developments, so the Compliance Ambassadors can communicate and engage with the local employees on these topics.

Broadcom’s quarterly newsletter is sent to all employees globally and includes a compliance section.

The compliance section provides an update on upcoming trainings and encourages our employees to ask questions and raise concerns, including potential violations.

Our compliance toolkit provides managers with additional information on how to foster a compliance culture, including useful links to our policies, videos and presentations.

If our workforce becomes aware of a potential violation of our Code, other Broadcom policies, human rights or applicable laws, it is their responsibility to report it to their manager, Human Resources or the Compliance Officer.

We provide a number of avenues to contact our Compliance Team, our Compliance Officer and the Audit Committee to report concerns or potential violations, including our Ethics and Compliance Hotline that is available in all appropriate languages and is hosted by an external firm not associated with Broadcom.

The Ethics and Compliance Hotline is available via telephone and online, and employees, contractors and any other third party can report concerns anonymously (where permitted by local law).

In 2022, we received inquiries on a range of topics such as human resource matters, conflicts of interest concerns and allegations of misconduct.

We address them promptly, investigate to the extent necessary and take disciplinary actions as appropriate (which may include senior management discussions, employee communications, trainings, process and controls improvements and individual corrective action measures).

The Audit Committee receives information on every allegation submitted via our Ethics and Compliance Hotline, as well as reports and updates on investigations that are in progress or completed.

We prohibit our directors, officers, employees and anyone acting on our behalf from engaging in corruption and bribery.

Our Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Policy is summarized in our Code, including the rules and procedures for providing or accepting gifts, meals and entertainment.

Internal Audit, with our Compliance Team, regularly assess our operations for corruption risks, including conducting audits of our distributors and resellers and on our partner program.

Our Compliance Team conducts anti corruption diligence on our new suppliers, distributors and resellers before onboarding them and on companies and businesses before we acquire them.

In addition, our Compliance Team and Internal Audit work with an external firm to biennially review our anti bribery and anti corruption compliance program.

The results and recommendations from the biennial review are discussed with the Audit Committee and reported to the Board.

We strive to create an environment where employees can speak openly about our business practices, including ESG related matters, and we encourage our employees to ask questions and raise concerns.

We have an Open Door Policy and make it very clear that retaliation for raising a concern in good faith or reporting questionable behavior or possible misconduct in good faith is prohibited.

We conduct an annual Employee Ethical Culture Survey with an external firm to better understand our employees’ engagement in and perception of our ethics and compliance culture and to find areas where we can continuously improve.

Through this survey, we know that our employees are aware of our ethics and compliance program and have confidence in and trust our management.

In 2022, we again scored above the external firm’s company peer group benchmark in all categories that were surveyed.

We require our employees and contractors to complete annual trainings that support Broadcom’s values and culture, including our Code, bullying and harassment prevention, anti bribery and anti corruption, protection of confidential information, data privacy and security, human rights, insider trading prevention, conflicts of interest and anti competition prevention, as applicable.

We also require our employee and contractors to certify that they understand and agree to abide by the applicable Broadcom policies, including our Code and Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Policy, when they complete their trainings.

In 2022, to make compliance trainings more relevant and engaging for our employees, we produced our own series of training videos customized solely for Broadcom employees.

We drafted scripts featuring our fictionalized character, Griffin Peabody, and then filmed the videos in our Broadcom office with Broadcom employees.

Our goal was to make our compliance trainings fun, relevant, memorable and create a lasting impact with our employees.

We included Griffin Peabody videos on bullying, anti corruption and insider trading in our 2022 annual compliance training to the delight of our employees.

In addition, our leaders and managers are able to select and use the other Griffin Peabody videos we created that cover a wide variety of topics, such as videos on expenses, side letters, books and records, phishing and competitive intelligence.

We provide our employees located in certain regions and working in certain business groups with additional customized in person or video conference trainings on specific topics such as harassment, anti corruption, anti competition prevention and conflicts of interest.

In addition, we provide live and online anti corruption and compliance trainings to our partners, distributors and resellers worldwide.

In 2022, we provided anti corruption training to over 500 employees and contractors of our partners, distributors and resellers.

On an annual basis, our Compliance Team evaluates the compliance trainings and makes appropriate adjustments, based on feedback from our employees, hotline data, the annual Employee Ethical Culture Survey and other compliance trends, to provide the most relevant trainings.

In 2022, our Compliance Team visited our largest manufacturing facility located in Fort Collins, Colorado to conduct live ethics and compliance trainings.

Over the course of several days, we trained over 1,000 of our manufacturing employees in small interactive groups on ethics and compliance topics tailored to their roles and job functions.

As part of our Connected by Broadcom mission, we engage with and support the local communities where we work and live.

We are proud to support causes that are important to our employees and their communities and that promote educational opportunities in the STEM fields to help develop the next generation of engineers.

Employees in our Global Technology Organization have helped hundreds of students (while simultaneously reducing our environmental impact) by refurbishing and donating corporate laptop computers to educational non profit organizations and schools.

Since 2018, we have donated almost 4,000 laptop computers around the globe and gave new life and new purpose to these laptop computers.

Through our employee charitable donation matching program, in 2022, we matched over 1 million in donations made by our employees to charities and non profit organizations around the world, including donations to Second Harvest Food Bank, Unity Care, Doctors Without Borders, UNICEF and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.

In 2022, Broadcom and Broadcom Foundation made a joint pledge to donate 600,000 over the next three years to the San Jose Aspires program.

The San Jose Aspires program provides financial awards to high school students located in San Jose, California who will also be first generation college students.

We are proud to sponsor a program that supports college and career readiness activities for these students.

In the face of the COVID 19 Omicron surge and at a time when blood donations declined and blood supply at blood banks dropped to critical levels, our employees at our Jitra, Malaysia manufacturing facility stepped up to help Hospital Sultanah Bahiyah Alor Setar raise bloodstock supplies.

Our Jitra employees held a blood donation drive to raise awareness and encourage employees to donate, resulting in dozens of donors being qualified to donate.

Since 2018, Broadcom has donated over 4.5 million to charitable causes in India.

While continuing to support the education of disadvantaged women and children in India, we expanded our focus areas in 2022.

We are proud to also support environmental sustainability that focuses on water conservation and clean water and young women's health and hygiene.

Broadcom has partnered with various organizations to expand education opportunities throughout India to disadvantaged women and children.

For example, we partner with Agastya, which provides hands on science learning through 90 science centers and over 200 mobile and iMobile labs across 22 states in India.

We also partner with Vidya, which focuses on addressing literacy with a multifaceted approach.

Vidya includes academics, vocations, mental and physical wellbeing, life skills and communication skills in its projects and initiatives at schools systems in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune.

We are supporting United Way of Bengaluru’s GENDHER program which provides reproductive health and gender sensitivity education at schools, creates safe spaces for young women at schools and provides young women with feminine hygiene kits.

We are proud to sponsor this important work as part of our efforts to support gender equality and education for young women.

Through United Way of Bengaluru, we are supporting the One Billion Drops program to enhance the depleting groundwater levels in and around Bengaluru by conserving rainwater.

The goal of the program is to build 10,000 percolation pits and thereby conserve 1 billion liters of rainwater every year.

In addition, we are sponsoring a project to provide access to safe drinking water to villages in rural areas.

BROADCOM 2022 ESG Report Investing In Our Communities Broadcom Foundation collaborates with community non profit organizations, non governmental organizations and universities worldwide to inspire and empower young people through team building, digital literacy and project based programs that help prepare them to enter careers in STEM fields.

In 2022, Broadcom Foundation expanded the number of science fair sponsorships to connect with more students in urban and rural communities as it shifts its focus to digital literacy through the Broadcom Coding with Commitment program.

The Broadcom Coding with Commitment program sponsors fifty regional science and engineering fairs and coding events to encourage using coding to solve STEM problems that impact the students’ communities, such as health, sanitation, energy, climate change and other challenges outlined in the United Nations SDGs.

Our employees volunteered as judges and helped award the winners of Broadcom Coding with Commitment at Raspberry Pi Foundation’s 2022 Coolest Projects Global and Broadcom MASTERS in Washington, D.C.

With Broadcom Foundation, we also participated on a panel at the United Nations SDG Media Summit panel to discuss the Broadcom Coding with Commitment program and highlight two of our students who code with commitment.

Broadcom Foundation completed its twelve year sponsorship of Broadcom MASTERS and Broadcom MASTERS International science and engineering fair competitions for middle school students around the world.

More than 10,000 middle school students were selected from regional and national science fairs to participate in Broadcom MASTERS sponsored competitions in 2022.

Broadcom Foundation partners with the Raspberry Pi Foundation (RPiF) as a lead sponsor in the international Coolest Projects exhibition that showcases the works of coders of all ages.

This partnership helps expand access to RPiF’s code clubs and coder dojos that offer online free resources, bringing greater diversity and inclusion to digital literacy by reaching more girls and underserved communities of color.

In 2022, Broadcom Foundation made a grant to the University of California, Irvine to create a Spanish speaker curriculum for RPiF code clubs and is working with RPiF to help build free Spanish language coding resources.

Broadcom considered the Global Reporting Standards (Core Option) when creating this report.

The index below indicates where information responsive to identified GRI disclosure categories may be found.

Connected by Broadcom About Broadcom Products Responsible Supply Chain There were no significant changes regarding the organization’s size, structure, ownership, value chain, or its supply chain since the previous reporting period.

Broadcom considered the SASB Semiconductors and Software IT Industry Standards when creating this report.

The index below indicates where information responsive to identified SASB disclosure categories may be found.

The entity's governance around the risks and opportunities related to the topic, including board oversight of and management's role in assessing and managing such risks and opportunities b.

The Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) developed a framework for companies to provide information to investors and other stakeholders on climate related risks and opportunities in their businesses.

Our Board of Directors (Board) oversees corporate social responsibility and ESG matters at Broadcom, including climate related issues, and is involved in the preparation of and reviews our ESG Report.

Our Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (NESG Committee) of the Board is responsible for reviewing and reporting to the Board on matters of corporate responsibility and environmental sustainability (including climate related risks and opportunities in our business), and our public reporting on these topics.

The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from our executives on ESG matters.

The feedback we receive from our stakeholders on ESG matters is also regularly communicated to the NESG Committee and the Board.

On a quarterly basis, the NESG Committee updates the Board on ESG matters.

In addition, our Audit Committee of the Board has oversight responsibility for enterprise risk management at Broadcom.

Enterprise risks are updated and discussed with the Audit Committee on an annual basis with additional updates provided for select risks throughout the year.

Our ESG Steering Committee is led by the President of our Semiconductor Solutions Group who reports to our Chief Executive Officer.

Our ESG Steering Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and senior leaders in Global Operations (including supply chain and procurement), Human Resources, Legal and Workplace Services.

The ESG Steering Committee meets quarterly and is responsible for preparing the ESG Report, providing status updates to the NESG Committee and engaging with our ESG Working Groups who champion our ESG initiatives across Broadcom on behalf of the ESG Steering Committee.

We currently have three main ESG Working Groups that focus on diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental sustainability and human rights supply chain issues and initiatives.

We have not identified any inherent climate related risks with the potential to have a substantive financial or strategic impact on our business in the short, medium or long term.

Potential physical risks in our supply chain are considered and integrated into our Global Operations Business Continuity Plans.

In addition, our response to the COVID 19 pandemic has shown our resilience to potential physical risks to our operations, including our employees’ ability to work remotely if needed.

Our company risk factors are described in our Annual Report on Form 10 K.

Products and Markets Developing new products, as well as evolving existing products, through research, development and innovation has the potential to increase revenue through higher demand for our products and access to new and emerging markets.

A key focus is to develop optimized products for each market segment, providing the right combination of high performance and low power consumption.

Our engineers use leading edge process technology and low power designs to develop innovative methods of minimizing power consumption in our products for our customers.

For example, reducing GNSS power consumption is crucial to extending the battery life of phones, smart watches and tablets.

Our BCM4778, the world's lowest power L1 L5 GNSS receiver chip, consumes five times less power, increasing the battery lifetime on a smart watch by 30 hours, compared to the previous generation chip.

In addition, as the world moves toward green energy systems and away from fossil fuels, our industrial products continue to help support these green energy systems.

We provide a wide range of industrial fiber optic transceiver, isolated gate driver, isolation amplifier and digital optocoupler products, which are used in wind turbines and solar energy systems.

These products support various functions inside these green energy systems, including power conversion, electrical current voltage sensing, battery bank charging and system control and status communications.

Resource Efficiency We strive to use our resources in the most efficient manner possible.

We have implemented a number of projects across the company, which have the effect of reducing our environmental impact and increasing our resource efficiency.

These efficiencies, including site consolidation and energy and water usage efficiencies, result in reduced operating costs.

We will continue to look for ways to further increase our operational efficiency, while reducing our environmental impact.

We have not conducted a formal scenario analysis, but will continue to assess approaches for incorporating climate scenario analysis into our existing risk and opportunity assessment processes.

As part of our enterprise risk management processes, various risks are assessed across the company by the relevant stakeholders and in collaboration with our Internal Audit Team, as needed.

Actual and potential risks, including the risk factors in our periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are reviewed by management and the Audit Committee at least quarterly.

Updates for select risks are also provided to the Audit Committee throughout the year.

In addition, on an annual basis, enterprise risks are updated and discussed with the Board and or the relevant committees of the Board, including the Audit Committee which has oversight responsible for enterprise risk management at Broadcom.

We manage actual and potential enterprise risks through various processes, polices and mitigation activities.

For example, our Global Operations, which includes our procurement and supply chain activities, use detailed Business Continuity Plans to manage potential climate related interruptions to its operations, among other risks.

All of our global sites have Site Control Plans, which provide our response plans in the event of various emergency situations, including climate related weather events, like wildfires, hurricanes, floods and blizzards.

We also proactively engage with our stakeholders to understand the potential impacts of both changing regulatory requirements and changing stakeholder expectations, including our stockholders, customers, employees and local communities where we do business.

Refer to the Environment section of this report for GHG emissions, energy use and water use data, as well as our GHG emissions reduction target.

For all environmental metrics, we apply an operational control boundary.

We use the methodology outlined in the World Resource Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s (WBCSD) GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) and the WRI WBSCD’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance an amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard to calculate Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions generated by our global facilities.

We calculate the GHG emissions associated with the fossil fuels we utilize for heating our facilities and operating our backup emergency generators, as well as the refrigerant losses from HVAC operations and PFCs and other process gases used in our manufacturing processes (Scope 1 emissions).

The GHG Protocol defines PFCs as one of the seven gases listed in the Kyoto Protocol, which also includes carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, HFCs, sulfur hexafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride.

To measure the other indirect emissions occurring in our value chain, we used the methodology outlined in the WRI WBCSD’s GHG Protocol: Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions (version 1.0).

GHG emissions are reported in metric tonnes of CO e (tCO e).

The 2021 historical data and associated Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been restated due to improvements in data availability.

Our energy consumption is limited to natural gas, diesel, liquefied petroleum gas, kerosene and electricity use.

Emission factors used in Scope 1 emissions calculations include the U.S. EPA’s Climate Leaders, Emissions Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (published April 2022).

Specific to PFC emissions, the IPCC Second Assessment Report (SAR) guidance was used.

Emission factors used in Scope 2 GHG emissions calculations include the U.S. EPA’s Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) 2020 (published February 2022), IEA’s Statistics Data Service: Emission Factors (published September 2022) and the Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB): European Residual Mixes 2021 (published June 2022) Residual Mix factors.

In 2022, Scope 2 emissions take into account the procurement of Green e certified RECs at the Fort Collins, Colorado facility.

We follow the hierarchy outlined in Table 6.3 of the WRI WBSCD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance for selecting appropriate emission factors for Scope 2 market based method.

Scope 2 emissions include colocation data center electricity consumption, estimated using a 8760 energy model.

Emissions from Fuel and Energy Related Activities (Scope 3, Category 3) capture emissions from fuel and energy (market based) consumption not already included in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions calculations.

Grid loss percentages and emission factors are from the U.S. EPA’s eGRID 2020 (published February 2022) for U.S. locations and the IEA (published September 2022) for international locations.

International grid loss percentages are from the World Bank Electric Power Transmission and Distribution Losses.

Emissions factors used in the calculation of emissions from Scope 3 Categories 5 7 include the U.S. EPA's Climate Leaders, Emissions Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (published April 2022), and 2021 (published January 2022) Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs ( DEFRA ).

The waste emissions boundary includes data outlined in the Waste Management section: non hazardous waste from global owned facilities, e scrap waste from global owned and leased facilities, and hazardous waste data from global manufacturing facilities.

We calculate energy consumption and GHG emissions based on actual data when.

We exclude activity data related to hotel nights incurred during business travel from available.

When actual consumption data is not available, we estimate utilizing square footage intensity factors by facility type.

Other fuels include diesel, liquefied petroleum gas and kerosene.

The 2021 historical data and associated Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been restated due to improvements in data availability.

Employee commuting emissions are calculated by multiplying average commute distances by emission factors from typical transportation modes.

We currently exclude emissions related to remote working (optional emissions) from Scope 3 Category 7.

Emissions factors used in the calculation of Scope 3 Category 7 include the U.S. EPA’s eGRID 2020 (published February 2022), and the U.S. EPA’s Climate Leaders, Emissions Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (published April 2022).

This report contains forward looking statements and are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions.

Actual results could differ materially from those statements.

Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations are set forth in the Risk Factors section in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q filed with the SEC.

Non financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data.

The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements.

Broadcom and the pulse logo are among the trademarks of Broadcom.

The term Broadcom refers to Broadcom Inc. and or its subsidiaries.