From the geopolitical uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine and the volatility in financial markets to the risks associated with climate change and the digital changes underway because of technology innovations, leaders in every sector and geography are faced with a challenging operating environment and difficult choices.

It is also true that we live in a time of great opportunities.

In this period of turbulence, S P Global’s purpose Accelerate Progress unifies our culture and offers a clear guide to decision making across the organization.

Everything we do is intended to provide the insights to spur business expansion and create sustainable value for all our stakeholders.

To complement our shared sense of purpose, we updated our vision for S P Global in 2022.

Completing our merger with IHS Markit last year allowed us to step back and reflect on our vision, which we express as Powering Global Markets.

By helping our customers manage risk and uncover opportunities, we’re driving markets forward and helping to build a more equitable, inclusive and sustainable world.

A unifying purpose and clear vision of the future drive our ambitions for serving all our stakeholders.

To hold ourselves accountable for delivering value to our colleagues, customers, community and supply chain partners, and shareholders, we disclose the progress we’re making on sustainability initiatives across the organization in this latest edition of our Impact Report.

Throughout the following pages, you will learn about the steps we’re taking to make a positive impact on the communities where we live and work and with everyone with whom we do business, including endowing the S P Global Foundation and launching our net zero energy, waste and water targets.

As I think about the rest of 2023 and the years ahead, even in this challenging macroeconomic environment, I remain optimistic about S P Global’s prospects.

My optimism about the future stems from our people around the globe.

Their enthusiasm, expertise and enduring commitment to our purpose and vision are a tremendous source of inspiration and pride.

Finalizing our merger with IHS Markit brought about new business synergies and value that we can now offer as a combined company.

I am pleased to note that corporate responsibility was at the core of our integration.

It allowed us the opportunity to shape our future and aspirations.

What are the policies we want to keep and take forward Are our sustainable practices fit for the future Are we focusing on the most material topics where we have impact These were just a few of the strategic questions we considered.

Of course, all of this change was within the larger context of geopolitical challenges and disruptions, including the war in Ukraine, inflationary and economic pressures, and climate related extreme weather events across the world.

With the COVID 19 pandemic not yet fully behind us, this is a time that has tested not only the resilience and ability of governments, companies and individuals to respond and pivot in the short term, but also our commitment to build a more sustainable, inclusive future.

Our stakeholders, internal and external, are increasing their expectations for what good looks like in corporate sustainability.

We continue to listen, learn and adjust our practices, while keeping a keen eye on the ultimate goal of a sustainable ecosystem and a sustainable company.

We are especially proud to share that we have added a third report to our current Impact and Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) reports.

Please visit here to review our new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Report, which contains more complete information about our DEI strategy, programs and commitments.

We believe that responsible businesses are the foundation of sustainable development, and we appreciate your joining in this journey with us.

We welcome your feedback please reach out to cr spglobal.com.

Headquartered in New York City, S P Global is the world’s foremost provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the global capital and commodity markets.

We provide intelligence that is essential for companies, governments and individuals to make decisions with conviction.

S P Dow Jones Indices is the largest global provider of index based concepts, data and research, and home to iconic financial market indicators, such as the S P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average .

More assets are invested in products based on S P DJI indices than products based on indices from any other provider in the world.

Since Charles Dow invented the first index in 1884, S P DJI has been innovating and developing indices across the spectrum of asset classes and helping to define the way investors measure and trade the markets.

S P Global Commodity Insights is a trusted connector that brings together thought leaders, market participants, governments and regulators to create solutions that lead to progress.

Vital to navigating commodity markets, their coverage includes oil and gas, power, chemicals, metals, agriculture, shipping and energy transition.

Platts products and services, including the most significant benchmark price assessments in the physical commodity markets, are offered through S P Global Commodity Insights.

S P Global Market Intelligence understands the importance of accurate, deep and insightful information.

This team of experts delivers unrivaled insights and leading data and technology solutions, partnering with customers to expand their perspective, operate with confidence, and make decisions with conviction.

S P Global Mobility provides invaluable insights derived from unmatched automotive data, enabling our customers to anticipate change and make decisions with conviction.

This expertise helps customers to optimize their businesses, reach the right consumers, and shape the future of mobility.

S P Global Mobility opens the door to automotive innovation, revealing the buying patterns of today and helping customers plan for the emerging technologies of tomorrow.

S P Global Ratings is the world’s leading provider of independent credit ratings.

These ratings are essential to driving growth, providing transparency and helping educate market participants so they can make decisions with confidence.

S P Global Ratings has more than 1 million credit ratings outstanding on government, corporate, financial sector and structured finance entities and securities.

They offer an independent view of the market, built on a unique combination of broad perspective and local insight.

Ratings also provides opinions and research about relative credit risk market participants gain independent information to help support the growth of transparent, liquid debt markets worldwide.

The information and data in this report cover S P Global’s sustainability and corporate responsibility performance for calendar year 2022.

The merger with IHS Markit successfully closed on February 28, 2022.

Unless otherwise noted, all information herein is representative of the company as of December 31, 2022.

Unless specified, data for previous years is for S P Global on a stand alone basis prior to the merger.

CARFAX, a wholly owned subsidiary of S P Global acquired through the merger with IHS Markit, is not included in the scope of the 2022 Impact Report, except the inclusion of its energy related emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2.

CARFAX employees represent fewer than 4% of our total global employee workforce.

S P Global is a majority owner of CRISIL, which is governed by its own board and management team.

It is not included within the scope of the 2022 Impact Report, except for the inclusion of its energy related emissions in Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 Business Travel and Water Consumption.

CRISIL has issued its own sustainability report, which can be found here.

However, this report's scope does not include CARFAX, CRISIL and Taiwan Ratings Corp., except for the calculated Scope 1 and 2 emissions (market based) per employee, which are inclusive of all subsidiaries.

Therefore, demographic data in this report accounts for 34,206 employees.

This report includes information on management and performance related to S P Global’s material topics (as defined by the Global Reporting Initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) across our full value chain.

This report has been prepared with reference to the GRI Universal Standards and the SASB Standard for Professional Commercial Services.

Both content indexes, as well as our reporting against the World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, are located in the Appendix.

S P Global strives to provide data and information that is reliable and transparent.

For data reporting and information about our third party assurance, view the 2022 assurance statement here.

For a discussion of S P Global's businesses, including information about factors that could have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition, please refer to the company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.

At S P Global, responsibility for sustainability starts at the top of the organization and is fully integrated into our strategy and operations, with a focus on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can make the biggest impact.

This section outlines how we oversee and manage sustainability within the company, engage with key stakeholders, and ensure that our strategy and approach are aligned with their interests.

It also details how S P Global has worked to meet the needs of our people and other stakeholders before, during and after the merger with IHS Markit.

S P Global is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance.

Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and guiding the company’s direction and strategy, taking into account the interests of our shareholders as well as other stakeholders, including oversight of environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

Other than our CEO, all Directors are independent and elected annually.

Because we believe diversity is an important attribute of a well functioning board, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee works to ensure Directors bring appropriately varied backgrounds, perspectives, skills and experience to help guide the growth and performance of the company.

For additional information on our Board of Directors, including committees and assignments, please see our 2023 Proxy Statement.

The Board also oversees the management of our 12 member Executive Committee, comprised of executive leaders from across the company.

This committee includes four women and three persons of color.

ESG Oversight and Leadership engagement and retention.

The Board believes oversight and effective management of ESG related risks and opportunities are essential to the company’s ability to execute its strategy and achieve long term sustainable growth.

As such, the full Board receives regular updates on a variety of ESG topics, including sustainability and climate related matters, as part of its annual, in depth strategy and risk management sessions, as well as ongoing discussions and committee reports throughout the year.

The full Board also receives biannual updates on the company’s ESG products and offerings.

In addition to oversight by the full Board, the Board coordinates with its various committees to ensure active and ongoing committee level oversight of the company’s management of ESG related risks and opportunities.

Our ESG leadership structure at the management level also reflects our focus on ESG and sustainability issues, and our commitment to provide value to all stakeholders.

The Corporate Responsibility and DEI functions are managed by our Chief Corporate Responsibility Diversity Officer, who also serves as the Chair of the S P Global Foundation Board.

The Corporate Responsibility team directs the company’s efforts to minimize S P Global’s impacts on our material topics of sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion, in coordination with other key internal stakeholders across the business.

Along with our Executive Committee, this team manages the company’s Impact and DEI reporting and regularly updates the Board on our strategy, activities and progress.

Other senior leaders also provide input through internal committees such as our Net Zero oversight groups, DEI Council and Environmental Health Safety Committee.

For additional information, please see our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Our approach to sustainability performance is focused on the areas where we have the most positive and negative impact, potential or actual, as determined by our internal and external stakeholders.

We believe in viewing sustainability holistically and include both financial and non financial material impacts on the environment, communities, economies, people and our business.

In 2020, we conducted an extensive materiality assessment and identified eight material topics critical to our business success, as well as six responsible business imperatives.

In 2021, we reassessed and added Global Human Rights as a responsible business imperative, based on guidance from stakeholders including employees, suppliers and investors.

For 2022, the eight material topics and seven responsible business imperatives remain unchanged.

However, we recognize that there is much more intersectionality between topics, such as Human Rights and our material topics in Business Ethics and Integrity, Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, and Talent Attraction and Development.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is also integrated into our work with Responsible Products and Marketing, Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management and Talent Attraction and Development.

The table below identifies where in our value chain each material topic is relevant, and the stakeholder groups that are most affected.

Our approach to sustainability is informed by feedback from our key stakeholders.

Their views and input are critical to ensure that we are focusing and addressing the key material issues, while continuing to raise the bar on what it takes to be a responsible corporate citizen.

This year’s Impact Report is structured based on this philosophy, with our stakeholders at the core of what we do.

The Corporate Responsibility team presents the company’s sustainability performance, including risks, opportunities, ESG ratings and industry trends, to S P Global’s senior leadership and the Board of Directors at least once per year.

There is also regular interaction with the senior leadership team and our Chief Purpose Officer to make timely decisions on our sustainability strategy, target setting and related programs.

S P Global engages with investors at our quarterly earnings calls, as well as the Annual Meeting.

In December 2022, we hosted the Investor Day to share our new strategic direction and growth targets with our investors.

The company’s Investor Relations team and the Office of the Corporate Secretary also seek feedback and respond to queries from investors on the company’s sustainability performance.

Our people respond to VIBE (Voice, Insights, Belonging and Expectation) surveys at regular intervals throughout the year.

VIBE results and verbatim feedback help the company to respond to our employees’ needs and, over time, serve as a measure of accountability for senior leadership on key actions.

We also encourage employees to speak with their People Leaders and People Partners.

Through our People Resource Groups and Corporate Responsibility (CoRe) and Green teams, we are also able to tap into feedback from local markets.

Our customers engage with us via a wide range of platforms, including surveys, our corporate website, podcasts, webinars, dedicated events and divisional engagements.

Net Promoter Scores across respective divisions help us gauge our customers’ experiences and satisfaction with us.

Our senior leadership frequently engages key clients through virtual and face to face meetings to listen and respond to their direct feedback.

We engage with suppliers through our Procurement team.

All suppliers are required to sign the Vendor Code of Conduct (VCOC) when they begin providing products or services to us, and we expect them to contribute to our long term goals on supplier diversity and environmental responsibility.

For more information, please see Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management.

We primarily engage with communities through the S P Global Foundation and our DEI partners.

These nonprofit partners serve as a proxy for the communities they serve and help us understand the best ways for us to make a positive impact in our key focus areas and to support the needs of our communities.

For more information, please see Community Impact.

The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a global blueprint toward a more inclusive and sustainable future.

As part of our role in the global markets and communities, we contribute toward the Goals with our business, as well as our corporate responsibility efforts.

Our commitment to gender equality is demonstrated through our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) efforts both for our people and with our grants to nonprofits through the S P Global Foundation.

Please see Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and our DEI Report for more details on our progress and performance.

Our People First approach guides us in how we work.

We have improved our people benefits over the years, including 26 weeks of paid parental leave and flexible recharge time.

To ensure that employees are able to pursue their career aspirations with the company, they can tap our Career Coaching program and promotions, which can happen at any time throughout the year.

For more details, please see Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing and Talent Attraction and Development.

We have updated our vision to be Powering Global Markets , especially in key areas of strategic growth in private and emerging markets, sustainability, climate, energy transition and credit and risk management.

Our merger with IHS Markit has given our business the breadth and depth across our business divisions to provide the essential tools, data and analytics to our clients to navigate their transition to an equitable and sustainable future.

We are committed to mitigating climate change in our value chain and across our global operations.

We updated our science based targets to be net zero for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030, with 100% renewable energy for office electricity and toward having 81% of our spend with suppliers that set their own science based targets by 2025.

For more detailed information on our progress to meet our targets, please see Energy and Climate Change.

We successfully closed our merger with IHS Markit on February 28, 2022, strengthening our position as a leading information services provider with a portfolio of highly complementary assets and an enhanced value proposition for our global customer base.

The world is fast recovering from the COVID 19 pandemic, but we see the rise of geopolitical tensions and volatility in the global markets.

There is also more scrutiny of ESG and sustainability, with regulations pending across different jurisdictions and increasing expectations from stakeholders.

We recognize that materiality is a dynamic process, and we will conduct a materiality refresh in mid 2023 that will include the latest global issues and trends, stakeholder expectations, and our company’s businesses and impacts post merger.

On February 28, 2022, S P Global completed its merger with IHS Markit, positioning the combined company as a leading information services provider with an enhanced value proposition across data and analytics, ratings, benchmarks, indices, commodities and energy, and transportation.

Ensuring the successful integration of the two organizations was a key priority throughout the last two years, requiring careful planning and execution at the enterprise, corporate and division level.

The Integration Management Office (IMO) and Value Capture Office (VCO) were established in January 2021 to plan and execute a comprehensive integration and financial synergies program to facilitate a successful merger between S P Global and IHS Markit.

Working with key stakeholders including integration leads, project owners and functional leadership, the IMO and VCO facilitated the completion of thousands of activities and dozens of major projects, creating a seamless experience for our people and customers and ensuring that the combined company would be greater than the sum of its parts.

Prior to the close, key activities included setting up the integration governance structure and reporting cadence, securing regulatory approvals, engaging with key internal and external stakeholders, preparing to unify key risk and audit practices, and planning for post close integration and synergy initiatives.

In the first 100 days after close, we continued working to ensure a seamless experience for our people and customers.

Key activities included working to enable cross company network connectivity and access to key applications, implementing change management initiatives and initiating a comprehensive Talent Redeployment program.

To help connect displaced team members with internal job opportunities, the Global Redeployment Team promoted awareness of these opportunities while incentivizing managers to hire internally and demonstrating the benefits.

By March 2023, the team had engaged with 83% of the displaced colleagues, by redeploying employees and sustaining our talent pipeline.

A key strategy involved consolidating the company’s global real estate portfolio.

Collaborating with our Organizational Design team and key functions and divisions across the company, we analyzed headcounts, location strategy, and implications of the hybrid working model to estimate occupancy rates and identify opportunities for consolidation.

After securing Executive Committee approval of the consolidation plan, we engaged proactively with landlords and employees in the impacted locations, and we worked closely with our People, Security, and Information Technology teams to ensure a seamless transition.

As a result of these efforts, we successfully consolidated 28 locations, and we continue to explore further opportunities.

In connection with our consolidation strategy, we are also developing Asset Sustainability Plans covering energy, water, waste and biodiversity for our properties.

We also undertook several large scale technology and systems integration projects, including updating and unifying key accounting, financial reporting, vendor and expense management applications, and HR systems for the combined company.

The IMO, integration leads and project owners ensured cross functional and divisional collaboration on major integration activities, end user engagement, risk mitigation strategies, and review and approval of key decisions.

Prior to rollout, we conducted extensive testing and established plans for pre and post rollout communications, support and stabilization, which helped significantly reduce transition periods and disruption to end users.

For the remainder of 2022, we focused on stabilizing operations across the organization, harmonizing key people and compliance policies, realizing value from revenue and cost synergy initiatives, and refining longer term integration projects for 2023 and beyond.

We also launched ongoing programs for cultural integration, enabled cross team data sharing, and completed integration of key financial and risk management functions.

We made significant progress on our integration priorities in 2022, including realizing meaningful new value and ensuring a seamless transition for our people and customers.

We are incredibly proud of all that our integration teams have accomplished, and excited by what the future holds.

Our people and our teams remain at the center of the integration, and we continue to keep our sights on delivering value to our global customers.

Priorities for the year include completing the integration of larger key systems, including technology and financial tools, along with enterprise policies and processes harmonization.

In addition, we remain focused on delivering further value realization via cross sell and development of new, enhanced and integrated offerings.

S P Global’s commitment to responsible business practices is rooted in our values, embedded throughout the company and essential to our purpose of accelerating progress by Powering Global Markets.

This section provides details on how we uphold high standards of ethics and integrity, safeguard essential data and information, protect human rights, and meet stakeholder expectations for transparency and responsible behavior across our value chain.

Trust is the foundation of our business and our brand.

We strive to maintain high standards of ethics and integrity in all that we do a commitment that is reflected in our core values, our culture and how we do business each day.

Our leaders set the tone from the top, and our expectations are reinforced through our governance structure, our Code of Business Ethics (COBE) and other key policies and procedures across our global business.

In 2022, we continued to amend and strengthen policies and expand training to help uphold our commitment to ethics and integrity across the enterprise.

IHS Markit corporate policies and procedures post merger, including the COBE, Acceptable Use Policy and Company Charitable Contributions to Non Profit Organizations Policy.

Added a new section on Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability in the COBE.

Sanctions, Anti Money Laundering and Other Financial Crimes Policy and hosted risk focused training sessions on anti bribery and corruption.

Continued to include a DEI focused module in our annual, all employee ethics training.

The COBE serves as a blueprint for all our actions.

Accessible in 11 different languages, it lays out clear expectations for ethical behavior within our own team and in our dealings with others.

All employees must complete COBE training and sign an annual affirmation statement, and noncompliance may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

Additional ethics training may also be required based on risk profiles, job roles and geographic locations.

The COBE is also a key focus for the company’s leadership, with the CEO closely monitoring the annual COBE training campaign and the Board of Directors receiving annual updates on completion rates.

The company also maintains a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors, which guides Board members on areas of ethical risk.

We strive to create a speak up culture within the company, encouraging our people to raise issues and voice concerns regarding unethical conduct.

To facilitate this, we offer multiple reporting avenues, including our EthicsPoint hotline, which is available 24 7 and offers comprehensive, confidential reporting on workplace fraud, abuse and other forms of misconduct.

The helpline is audited each year by a neutral third party, and annual data on reports and remedies is provided to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

S P Global has a zero tolerance policy for bribery and corruption.

Colleagues in relevant roles receive targeted training on bribery and corruption, financial crimes and sanctions.

We have mandatory reporting requirements related to potential conflicts of interest, including biannual certification for reporting possession of securities and outside activities.

S P Global is committed to complying with applicable requirements and obligations regarding financial crimes compliance.

This is achieved by establishing governing principles and standards and implementing appropriate controls to mitigate financial crimes compliance risks, including those pertaining to targets of economic sanctions.

S P Global’s financial crimes compliance program is subject to oversight from applicable U.S. and non U.S. regulatory organizations.

The company has strong internal controls to prevent corruption.

We carefully evaluate contracts with suppliers, including for potential reputational risks, and all vendors are required to agree to our Vendor Code of Conduct.

We also conduct due diligence on joint ventures through a review of the compliance policies and controls for the targeted company as part of the merger and acquisition process.

The company allows employees to make reasonable gift expenditures for colleagues and business contacts, which are modest in value, infrequent and appropriate to the business relationship.

However, under our Gifts and Entertainment Policy, S P Global employees may not give or receive anything of value directly or indirectly to or from any person, including government officials, customers or third parties, if it is intended or could reasonably appear to be intended to obtain or retain business, gain a business advantage, or influence a business decision or official action.

Employees must obtain preapproval from the Compliance department before providing larger scale gifts or entertainment, or anything else of value, to a government official.

Facilitation payments are not permitted, and this policy applies to all of S P Global, its divisions and its controlled subsidiaries.

S P Global defines a corruption incident as one that has been disclosed in its U.S. SEC public filings.

We experienced zero incidents of corruption in 2022.

The company also discloses material litigation and regulatory matters, including those related to anti competitive behavior and violations of anti trust and monopoly legislation, in accordance with its U.S. SEC disclosure obligations in its public filings.

These filings can be found on S P Global’s investor relations website and on the U.S. SEC’s website.

In 2023, COBE training will focus on our interactions with government officials and corruption risks.

We will also continue to improve our internal controls and strengthen our culture of ethical conduct to ensure fair and transparent engagements with all stakeholders.

S P Global’s commitment to high standards of ethics and integrity extends to how we meet our tax obligations.

Our approach includes strict compliance with the tax laws in every jurisdiction where we operate, as well as adherence to our Global Tax Policy, which was adopted in 2021.

Our international team of experienced and qualified tax professionals, with the support of global third party tax advisors, enables us to operate within a comprehensive tax control framework and to properly identify and manage tax risks and compliance obligations.

Where the tax law is subject to multiple interpretations or uncertainties, we balance the company’s duties of compliance and payment of appropriate taxes with its commitment to efficient operations.

We emphasize strong internal controls and transparency with investors and tax authorities and provide disclosure of tax information in periodic financial reports.

As a global data and analytics provider, protecting privacy and the security of information and related systems is fundamental to our business, and a key sustainability issue for the company.

Our customers, employees, partners and stakeholders rely on us to safeguard personal information and respect the individual right to privacy.

Data privacy is therefore a top priority and integral to the daily management of the company.

We take a multi layered approach to the governance and management of data privacy, working with multiple stakeholders to ensure that personal data is properly categorized and protected.

This helps mitigate data privacy risk while also ensuring compliance with global data protection and privacy laws.

In January 2022, S P Global split its Privacy Center into two distinct functions Privacy Legal and Information Governance and Privacy Compliance with the goal of enhancing legal oversight and implementation of data privacy policies across the company.

The Privacy Legal function is led by the Associate General Counsel, Privacy, and is responsible for providing enterprise level legal guidance on data privacy, information governance and data protection matters.

The Information Governance and Privacy Compliance function is led by the Head of Information Governance and Privacy and is responsible for operationalizing corporate level compliance with all S P Global privacy policies.

In 2022, we focused on strengthening our Privacy teams, reducing regulatory risk, enhancing awareness and compliance, and increasing operational efficiency.

Completed readiness projects for new and updated regulations in the United States and the People’s Republic of China.

Achieved operational compliance with client U.S. UK EU data transfers resulting from Brexit and changes in the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.

Partnered with Information Security to overhaul the Cyber Incident Response Plan and Data Incident Response Plan, to enhance efficiency and coordination of stakeholders.

S P Global is subject to a wide variety of legal and regulatory requirements related to data protection and privacy in the countries where we operate, and with growing concern about data privacy, many of these requirements are rapidly evolving.

Although the lack of regulatory consistency and harmonization is an increasing challenge for organizations like ours, it is important for us to stay abreast of these changes.

As such, we continuously monitor the legal and regulatory landscape, focusing on potential effects to our people, products and services, and adjust our policies and programs as appropriate.

For example, to meet the requirements of new and emerging privacy laws, S P Global has continued to mature our privacy governance tool, OneTrust, including automating individual personal information access request workflows by country and harmonizing cookie functionality across all websites.

We’ve also created a centralized OneTrust assessment process covering Privacy Impact Assessments, Legitimate Interest Analysis and Data Protection Impact Assessments.

Our Code of Business Ethics outlines key privacy related expectations, and all colleagues are required to complete annual training on privacy principles, policies and regulations.

We also provide additional data privacy training for colleagues in selected roles.

We also continue to provide training to our legal and procurement teams on new standards for cross border data transfers.

Harmonized key policies (Corporate, Candidate and Employee Privacy policies, Cookie Notice and Terms of Use).

Completed website unification, including branding, cookie compliance, joint policy references and harmonized user preference centers.

Integrated consumer rights management systems and privacy assessment processes.

Harmonized our approach to corporate vendor data protection appendices and standard contractual clauses.

Implemented a joint intercompany data transfer agreement with all affiliates.

We plan to continue making improvements to our Cyber Incident and Data Incident Response processes, update our vendor risk assessment workflow for enhanced compliance with contractual language tracking, enhance risk and escalation procedures to ensure consistency, and centralize our records of processing activities.

In addition, we continue our compliance with applicable privacy and data localization regulations.

Our commitment to privacy and data protection is formalized by the Global Corporate Privacy Policy, which outlines how we collect, share, use and protect personal information, and how users may exercise their privacy rights.

It also includes our commitment to notify affected stakeholders of any security incident involving their personal information, in accordance with applicable law.

Available in 12 languages, the policy is presented in a layered format for increased transparency and includes a Preference Center for each division to manage opt out requests and customer opt in preferences, as well as seven jurisdiction specific addenda covering jurisdictions such as China, Japan and Brazil.

The policy is reviewed annually and updated as needed in response to changing regulations and evolving best practices.

The company maintains a robust Cyber Incident Response Plan, which guides how we manage and respond to any actual or suspected cases involving unauthorized access, disclosure, misuse or loss of personal information.

Managed by the Cyber Incident Response Team and available to all employees, the plan lays out a clear process for escalation and procedures to follow in the case of an incident.

We also maintain a Data Incident Response Plan, which covers non malicious or accidental, actual or potential destruction, loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of or access to company or client data, including a personal data breach.

S P Global defines a breach of customer privacy incident as any such incident that has been disclosed in its U.S. Security and Exchange Commission public filings.

In 2022, the company experienced no breaches that had a material impact on its operations, including items impacting customer data.

As a data driven business, S P Global knows how important it is to have the right tools, controls and partnerships in place to safeguard our networks and systems from external threats, and to ensure that our data and content are protected.

This is why we continuously update our strategies, processes, training and technologies to mitigate risk, stay ahead of the evolving cyberthreat landscape and handle information in a secure and responsible way.

Our Cybersecurity organization works to identify technology and cybersecurity risks and to implement policies and procedures to keep our networks, systems and data secure.

In 2022, the organization underwent significant change, as key strategies, tools, processes and technologies were merged and updated in the context of the merger with IHS Markit.

S P Global’s leadership included cybersecurity in our 2022 Enterprise Goals, reflecting its continued importance to the resiliency of our business.

The Board, as a whole and through the Audit Committee, oversees our technology and cyber risk profile, enterprise wide technology, cybersecurity strategies and information security initiatives.

In addition, the Board receives updates at least twice yearly from the Chief Information Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer and is briefed on technology and cybersecurity risk management through committee updates.

Where appropriate, we align our policies and procedures with the best practice recommendations of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS ISAC).

To stay updated on new threats and continue a robust cybersecurity posture, our Information Security team participates in industry wide security training and receives ongoing threat intelligence from organizations such as FS ISAC.

S P Global is also an active partner with the World Economic Forum’s Centre for Cybersecurity, a global platform aimed at fostering international dialogue to address systemic cybersecurity challenges.

Our Cyber Incident Response Plan provides a framework for responding in the event of a cyberattack.

We also continue to improve and update the company’s security capabilities and resiliency.

Our people play a critical role in identifying, avoiding and mitigating cybersecurity threats.

All colleagues receive mandatory annual training on our information security policies and procedures, and our Information Security team works to ensure our training modules are continually updated to address new and emerging risks.

We also conduct simulations to test our defenses, including a monthly phishing simulation.

Continuous training and random phishing security testing in 2022 resulted in a decrease in susceptibility rate for our users, bringing our yearly average to 6%.

We are also revamping our phishing training program in 2023 to further enhance the vigilance of our people.

Moving forward, S P Global remains committed to investing in people, process and technology as part of a robust information security program to meet the new challenges of an ever changing cyber threat landscape, and as a key responsibility in maintaining the trust of our clients, investors and colleagues.

Effective risk management is essential to our ability to execute our strategy, deliver value to clients and shareholders, and operate a sustainable business.

We employ robust internal controls and processes to proactively identify emerging risks and opportunities, promote resilience and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

We also work to foster a risk aware culture by empowering our people to recognize and manage risk and make informed, data driven decisions in our day to day operations.

Created a steering group to evaluate and respond to the ongoing war in Ukraine, with a focus on ensuring the safety of our employees and compliance with all regulatory rules related to Russia.

Established risk committees for two new business divisions, Mobility and Engineering Solutions, resulting from the merger with IHS Markit.

The risk committees provide executive level forums for regular discussion and oversight of the management of risks for these new commercial organizations, and to promote a risk aware culture within day to day business and operational activities.

These new committees join several others throughout the company’s divisions, aiming to align enterprise and divisional risk awareness and governance across the organization.

Expanded risk committees for existing business divisions to include incoming leaders from the historical IHS Markit organization.

Completed harmonization of risk taxonomy language to establish a common language of risk across the merged entity.

Continued enhancements to the governance, risk and compliance (GRC) application to improve transparency and awareness around risks, issues, action plans and assessments, and to allow for the first Enterprise Risk Profile for the combined company.

Global Security and Crisis Management (Global Security) drives organizational resilience, with a focus on protecting our people, assets and reputation.

The team is composed of six centers of excellence: Crisis Management, Security Intelligence Protective Operations, Medical Safety Guidance, Security Operations, Security Technology and Administration Finance.

Working together, personnel from these areas are responsible for anticipating, assessing, tracking and responding to both actual and potential threats to our people or our operations.

A key operating principle for the team is that intelligence led solutions lead to better strategic outcomes.

To that end, in 2022, we continued to apply and update our Global Threat Monitor, an automated risk platform that ranks company exposure to a wide range of physical and security risks, and which thereby supports ongoing awareness and planning across our global operations.

We also deployed a new third party, AI driven early warning system to identify emerging extreme weather events before they develop into crises.

This helps us accelerate internal coordination, allocate resources and streamline data sharing before an incident occurs.

To further strengthen our preparedness, Global Security has also started systematically tracking extreme weather events in a dedicated natural hazards database.

In 2022, we monitored over 240 weather events that had the potential to impact our operations.

In addition to providing enhanced trend analysis, the database helps S P Global better understand asset exposure, while supporting improved capital allocation over both the short and long term.

In the event of an acute risk that may affect the company such as extreme weather or a security incident our Crisis Management Plan specifies robust protocols and procedures for management and escalation to the appropriate decision makers.

Real time monitoring and response are initially coordinated by our 24 7 Global Security Support Center (GSSC) and our network of regional security directors.

Depending on circumstances, this may be followed by activation of one or more additional groups, including Site Incident Management Teams, the global Incident Support Team or our CEO led Crisis Management Team.

Looking ahead, Global Security will continue to fuse anticipatory intelligence with data to ensure S P Global systematically identifies potential risks to our operations and implements resiliency measures to keep our people and communities safe.

As part of our wider effort to effectively prepare for and manage crises, we maintain active and dynamic programs for business continuity management and IT disaster recovery.

This not only protects our vital assets but ensures our ability to provide uninterrupted essential intelligence to our customers.

Designed in alignment with industry requirements and best practices, our Operational Resilience Management Program follows a strategic life cycle to implement appropriate business continuity and IT disaster recovery strategies for all critical business functions and technologies operating from our offices around the globe.

The management structure for business continuity and IT disaster recovery is composed of a steering committee, a working group and plan owners, with members of each group made up of senior leaders, while our Operational Resilience Management Team provides second line oversight of relevant programs and deliverables.

We perform regular testing of our plans and procedures at a minimum, annually to ensure their effectiveness and drive continuous improvement.

In 2022, we harmonized business continuity plans as part of the merger with IHS Markit.

Key steps included identifying and evaluating integration risks, developing action plans and reporting progress to leadership.

The Operational Resilience team implemented the harmonization plans, pulling together best practices from each historical business to establish an updated, comprehensive business continuity and IT disaster recovery program for the combined company.

Moving forward, we will continue to have a strong focus on risk management for the ongoing integration of our two organizations.

I appreciate GSSC’s outreach during a recent tornado in my area.

Thankfully, I was not impacted by this storm, but it was encouraging to see the responsiveness and outreach to me during this time and to know the company has a support system in place.

Changes in the legislative, regulatory and commercial environments in which we operate may materially and adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use and publish data and may impact our financial results.

We have short term impacts affecting data management policies and processes.

Long term impacts are still unknown and external, as global privacy, data localization and data protection legislation, enforcement and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment.

We also face increasingly significant costs of complying with and implementing privacy related and data protection measures.

In addition, an inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy related or data protection laws and regulations, despite our best efforts, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.

In addition, the EU and other jurisdictions, including the People’s Republic of China, are considering imposing or have already imposed additional restrictions, including in relation to cross border transfers of personal and other types of data.

S P Global is a global organization with business in these regions and others with similar developing regulations.

These requirements are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which could result in significant compliance risk and cost for us.

In addition, the future of ESG regulations is uncertain, and various jurisdictions are approaching this topic quite differently.

Further regulations, expected within the next two to five years, will increase process complexity and expenses.

Our reputation, credibility and brand are key assets and competitive advantages of our company and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.

Given our role in the financial and commodities markets, our ability to attract and retain customers is uniquely affected by external perceptions of our reputation, credibility and brand.

We provide credit ratings, pricing and valuation services, benchmark products, and indices, many of which depend on contributions or inputs from third parties or market participants.

Our customers and other market participants expect us to be able to demonstrate that our products and services are produced independently and are not readily subject to manipulation.

We believe our products and services are designed with appropriate methodologies, processes and procedures to maintain independence and integrity however, we may not be able to prevent third parties or market participants from working together or colluding to try to manipulate their inputs and thus the resulting outputs of our products and services.

From time to time, we are involved in third party investigations or litigation related to the commodities and asset classes our products and services serve.

Any failures, negative publicity, investigations or lawsuits that implicate the independence and integrity of our pricing and valuation services, benchmarks and indices could result in a loss of confidence in the administration of these products and services and could harm our reputation and our business.

Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects, regulators and the public generally, which could negatively impact, among other things, our ability to attract and retain customers, employees and suppliers, as well as suitable candidates for acquisition or other combinations.

We devote meaningful time and financial resources to compliance with current and future applicable international and U.S. privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, ESG and related laws.

We have made capital investments and other expenditures to address cybersecurity preparedness and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached.

Our dedicated privacy teams in both the Legal and Compliance teams work to comply with current regulations and prepare for future regulations.

We have defined data operations and infrastructure strategies to handle repeatability, scalability and flexibility, to comply with the evolving requirements.

To avoid any internal conflicts of interest, policies are in place to manage conflicts across divisions.

The Government Affairs and Public Policy team has proactively engaged in discussions with policymakers to understand and prepare for future requirements.

Projects are in place to enhance internal communications on regulatory and policy changes, as well as to build a mature compliance program to aid in monitoring.

We deploy resources and policies to ensure divisional independence and objectivity, to avoid the presence of any conflicts of interest between the various business divisions.

We have made investments to external consultancies to ensure we are meeting external stakeholder expectations.

Additionally, reputational and brand risks are considered as key inputs to our risk framework and are discussed at various levels of the organization, including executive risk committees.

We pursue close relationships with stakeholders, including clients, vendors and employees, to ensure we have strong governance and transparency around any issues that may have reputational implications.

Metrics are tracked related to net promoter scores, internal employee surveys and other reputational brand statistics to ensure we understand trends or changes in how the company is perceived.

The company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks emerge frequently.

Accordingly, the company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any risks identified herein, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made and only highlight certain risks, without regard to severity or probability.

The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made, except as required by applicable law.

Further information about the company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially affect its results of operations and financial condition, is contained in the company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.

S P Global believes that an essential part of being a responsible corporate citizen is caring for the people we interact with, including our colleagues, vendors and people who live in the communities where we operate.

Inherent in this belief is our commitment to prevent, mitigate and, where necessary, remediate the risks of modern slavery, and to respect human rights in our operations and supply chain.

While this section outlines our approach and progress in embedding respect for human rights across the value chain, we also recognize the interconnected nature of this issue across all of S P Global’s material topics.

We therefore include, where relevant, human rights related information elsewhere in this report, including the sections on Business Ethics and Integrity, Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management, and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI).

Additional details are also provided in the S P Global DEI Report.

Sustainability and Diversity, with a mandate to embed and expand human rights due diligence in the supply chain.

Engaged with Shift Project, a nonprofit and leading center of expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, to provide a gap analysis for the company’s human rights related programs and policies.

S P Global’s approach to human rights is guided by internationally recognized principles and standards including the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

In particular, we adopt the UNGPs as a framework for identifying and mitigating potential human rights impacts and risks, including but not limited to those related to freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, child labor, forced and compulsory labor, harassment and discrimination, working conditions, and digital security and privacy.

We also acknowledge our responsibility to ensure grievance accessibility if violations have occurred.

Our commitment to human rights is further embedded in key policies and standards deployed throughout the company, including our Global Human Rights Policy, Code of Business Ethics (COBE), Vendor Code of Conduct (VCOC), and Health, Safety and Environment Policy.

It is also reflected in other specialized policies including our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, division specific ethics policies and our internal Anti Bribery and Corruption, Economic Sanctions, and Anti Money Laundering and Other Financial Crimes Policy.

We explicitly prohibit the use of forced and child labor in our supply chain.

We also monitor and ensure our compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements related to human rights, including those specified by the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015, the U.S. Civil Rights Act of 1964 and others.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the S P Global Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the company’s management of its ESG matters.

At the executive level, the CEO, along with our full Executive Committee, is responsible for approving our corporate responsibility strategy and goals, including those related to human rights.

Our Chief Purpose Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for human rights issues within the company’s operations.

Where appropriate, S P Global engages, consults and collaborates with external experts, NGOs and others who can help improve how the company identifies and prevents potential human rights risks.

Key to our approach is continuously updating our understanding of human rights risks related to our business.

As an information services provider with a global workforce, one of our most significant areas of potential influence and risk is our role as an employer.

As a result, respect for fundamental human rights is central to our approach to labor relations, compensation and benefits, employee safety and wellbeing, DEI and other related issues.

Refer to our DEI Report for more details about our commitments to diversity, non discrimination and anti harassment.

Another area of potential influence and risk is our supply chain, on which the company spent more than 2 billion, with approximately 7,500 direct suppliers, in 2022.

Our VCOC, together with our COBE, sets out the standards and practices that S P Global expects its suppliers to uphold.

In 2022, Procurement worked with Shift Project to identify key areas of potential salient human rights risk in the supply chain and the development of more effective human rights controls in our procurement process.

The objective is to prioritize the top supply chain risks, identify areas of greatest impact influence and create action plans to implement due diligence efforts.

For more information, see Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain.

Data privacy and information security are increasingly relevant to global human rights, given the potential impact to rightsholders if ineffectively managed.

Our Human Rights Policy includes a section on data privacy, and our individual divisions have policies on data protection.

For example, S P Global Sustainable1's Use of Information and Confidentiality Policy includes information on the expectations for maintaining the security of customers’ information, as well as adhering to regulatory requirements in communities where we operate.

S P Global has a commitment to the right to privacy of our clients and employees.

As we continue to see the regulatory landscape progress, it is paramount that we, as an industry leader, continue to grow and evolve our privacy compliance program.

We encourage our people, suppliers and subcontractors to proactively report ethical and legal concerns, including potential human rights violations.

Our EthicsPoint Helpline is made available to employees and third party stakeholders to raise concerns, and all reports are promptly and thoroughly investigated.

Complaints raised to the helpline are reviewed and monitored for trends, with annual data on reports and remedies provided to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

For more information, please refer to page 7 of our COBE.

The COBE also includes provisions to ensure that anyone who reports a potential or actual misdeed is protected from retaliation, including being terminated, demoted, threatened, discriminated against or harassed in any way.

In 2023, we plan to further build our capacity through upskilling our People Leaders and expanding our saliency assessment to include downstream impacts across each of our business units and operations.

We are also in the beginning stages of creating a new human rights due diligence process across our enterprise risk management systems and legal compliance processes.

In the spirit of continuous improvement, we regularly work to facilitate awareness of the availability of the EthicsPoint Helpline amongst contract workers, employees of vendors and other individuals who may be impacted by any human rights violation.

S P Global believes an essential part of responsible corporate citizenship is constructive engagement with public policy.

We engage with policymakers and regulators on issues affecting our global business strategy and the development of transparent and effective financial markets.

Key policy topics we focus on include ESG, securities regulation, data and information policy, and trade policy.

In 2022, we continued to promote transparent capital and commodity markets through leading or participating in a variety of public initiatives and discussions.

Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) in developing international sustainability disclosure standards.

Led the American Chamber of Commerce to the EU’s (AmCham EU) dedicated Sustainable Finance Task Force, a cross sectoral forum for advice and engagement with policymakers to support implementation of the EU’s Action Plan on Sustainable Finance.

Supported the Network for Greening the Financial System’s work on the integration of ESG and climate related risk in credit ratings.

Supported work by the International Organization of Securities Commissions and its members to develop recommendations for enhancing ESG ratings and data products.

We make limited contributions via the S P Global Inc.

Political Action Committee (S P Global PAC) to the campaigns of candidates for U.S. federal office who align with our company’s business priorities and values.

The S P Global PAC is funded by voluntary contributions from eligible employees, and monthly reports of its receipts and disbursements are filed with the U.S. Federal Election Commission.

Our Political Contributions and Payments Policy prohibits the use of corporate treasury funds for making direct contributions to candidates or political committees at the state or local level, as well as independent expenditure committees known as super PACs.

The company has not contributed to local or state ballot measures or referendums.

S P Global is an active participant in several trade associations, including the Institute for International Finance and AmCham EU.

We monitor all memberships for consistency, transparency and alignment with our core values and policy positions.

The Board of Directors receives periodic presentations on the political activity and policies of the company, with additional reports as events may require.

S P Global advocates for global harmonization and consistency of new regulations supporting the effective integration of ESG and sustainability in financial markets.

Our efforts include providing relevant information and filing public comments to regulators and policymakers around the world.

Our internal ESG Policy and Regulatory Working Group works with executives and subject matter experts to identify issues, develop positions and ensure that all policy engagement is consistent.

Our internal experts are active participants in key dialogues and initiatives related to ESG, including the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures, the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s Climate Related Market Risk Subcommittee, and the SEC’s Asset Management Advisory Committee.

As a leading provider of sustainability data and analytics solutions, we believe in the importance of establishing globally consistent standards for high quality, transparent, reliable and comparable ESG and sustainability disclosures by companies.

Toward this end, we support the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Foundation and endorse the creation of the ISSB to deliver a comprehensive global baseline of sustainability related disclosure standards, and we continue to actively contribute our views and engage in public consultation in support of its work.

Our commitment to responsible business extends to our supply chain.

We carefully manage and collaborate with our extensive global network of suppliers, prioritizing legal and regulatory compliance, ethical behavior, supplier diversity and environmental sustainability.

These efforts not only benefit our business and suppliers, but also help to safeguard our brand and reputation.

S P Global’s supply chain is composed of professional and technical service providers, IT software sourcing and network, communications and hardware providers or licensors.

Our suppliers include: marketing, human resources, financial and other consultants and brokers maintenance, repair and operations facilities management and landlords information technology and business process outsourcing providers.

Suppliers specific to our industry include market data and research providers.

Our supply chain also includes travel providers such as travel agencies, airlines and hotel chains.

In 2022, we strengthened our approach by deploying full time, dedicated personnel to address responsible sourcing and supplier diversity.

Our Global Procurement group created a new role, Head of Procurement Sustainability and Diversity (HPSD), to set policy and integrate our environmental and social commitments within our supply chain.

The HPSD, together with a Procurement Sustainability Analyst hired in 2022 and a Supplier Diversity Manager hired in early 2023, is laying the groundwork for improved assessment and monitoring of the supply chain for human rights and environmental impacts, and continue to build upon the work in supplier diversity.

S P Global Procurement Human Rights Risk Salience Analysis laws and regulations of the countries in which they operate.

All suppliers are required to sign the VCOC when they begin providing products or services to us.

The VCOC has evolved to include ethical business conduct, data security and confidentiality, employee health and safety, environmental stewardship, child and involuntary labor, racial discrimination and supplier diversity.

Penalties for non compliance may include temporary sanctions or losing an S P Global account.

In addition, our Global Human Rights Policy and UK Modern Slavery Act Statement cover both our own operations and our suppliers.

With the appointment of new, dedicated personnel, S P Global is taking steps to enable more proactive management of human rights within our supply chain.

Guided by Shift Project, a nonprofit with expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, we reviewed our supply chain system and vendor categories to consider the likelihood and potential severity of impacts on people.

Eight vendor categories were identified and prioritized.

We then built issue guides for each area, including a description of the risks, risk identification questions, indicators and potential strategies to prevent harm and engage with vendors and communities when issues do arise.

Going forward, we plan to make our human rights due diligence process stronger by further defining risk domains for each area of concern.

Identifying, developing and sourcing products and services from diverse and traditionally underrepresented suppliers helps foster innovation, reduce the risk of supply chain disruptions and advance our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.

S P Global is committed to treating all vendors with integrity and in an ethical manner and to supporting and encouraging the aspirations of diverse groups.

Our U.S. based Supplier Diversity Program provides fair and equal procurement opportunities for all capable and competitive suppliers.

S P Global actively encourages and invites applications from businesses that are managed or led by members of underrepresented groups.

As a result of the merger, the supplier diversity team went through a reorganization and reprioritization in 2022, including the hiring of the company’s first full time Supplier Diversity Manager, to start in January 2023.

Under this new structure, the team will enhance supplier diversity by adjusting policy and governance to address areas of growth, reinvest in outreach and engagement with diverse groups, increase awareness internally, and build on systems for reporting and tracking.

Our percentage of spend with U.S. diverse suppliers grew to 7.3% in 2022 from 6.5% in 2021.

The number of U.S. diverse suppliers grew in 2022 to 295 from 175 in the previous year.

While the overall Supplier Diversity program was strong, organizational disruptions related to the merger presented some challenges.

The percentage of sourcing events that included diverse vendors, and awards made to diverse vendors at those events, declined.

However, with the new team in place, we are already seeing improvements, including significant new awards made to diverse suppliers in Q1 2023.

Supplier diversity is also part of our inaugural sustainability linked bond (SLB) issuance, with a key performance indicator tied to increasing supplier diversity to 10% by the end of 2025.

Sustainability is about treating people with dignity and ensuring natural assets are managed at least as carefully as business assets.

Supply chain sustainability ensures our partners are committed to the same principled approach as S P Global.

Our overarching goal is to have a successful Supplier Diversity Program both in the U.S. and globally.

To achieve this, we will implement a step by step approach to program expansion, beginning with expanding the U.S. program and then concentrating our efforts globally.

As we move forward, we will continue working to enhance sustainable procurement practices and human rights management within the supply chain.

Specific plans in 2023 include deploying our risk and vendor management tools to facilitate more rigorous assessment and management of potential human rights and environmental risks, including a sustainability risk review for Tier 1 and Critical non Tier 1 suppliers.

We are also planning to implement an ESG scoring model for vendors, and to work with S P Global’s Sustainable1 to ensure we are putting the company’s best tools and knowledge to use to protect people and communities that touch its supply chain.

In 2023, the Supplier Diversity team will work to establish a more strategic approach, with the goal of providing more access to opportunities for diverse suppliers.

Key priorities include streamlining procurement processes, enhancing collaboration and accountability, increasing supplier outreach and networking, and improving reporting and evaluation.

At S P Global, our people are our most essential asset, powering our success in knowledge and data driven markets.

This section covers our progress and performance related to efforts to attract a diverse, high performing workforce and foster an inclusive, agile and tech fluent culture.

S P Global strives to create an environment that encourages our colleagues around the world to feel a deep sense of belonging, where they feel empowered to contribute their unique insights within our company, with our customers and in our communities.

We invest in our company by investing in our people.

Our People First philosophy is the foundation of our DEI strategy.

It’s what drives our efforts to support our colleagues in reaching their full potential.

We commit to providing a level playing field, so that all of our people can access the training, development and connections that open the door to advancement.

We continuously seek feedback, and we are transparent about our actions, progress and where we are headed.

S P Global is proud to launch our first stand alone DEI Report, published alongside this Impact Report.

We encourage you to review the new report for further context and content on the company’s DEI strategy, management and key activities.

Our Board of Directors and senior management view DEI as critical to our long term success, driving business growth and innovation and empowering our people to achieve their full potential.

As such, the Board regularly engages with our CEO, Chief Purpose Officer, Chief Corporate Responsibility Diversity Officer and other members of senior leadership to provide oversight and direction on our DEI priorities and programs.

At the management level, our Chief Purpose Officer directs the development and execution of our People strategy, working with senior leaders across the company.

She oversees our People, DEI and Corporate Responsibility teams, as well as our Marketing and Communications functions.

In addition, the Chief Purpose Officer leads our DEI team in working with divisional and functional leaders in implementing governance to support effective execution.

We link executive compensation to specific DEI performance metrics on our balanced scorecards at both the enterprise and division levels to drive change and meet annual targets.

Our commitment to DEI centers on our global workforce, ensuring that our people are empowered to bring their whole selves to work but it doesn’t stop there.

We strive to better reflect and serve the communities in which we live and work, and advocate for greater opportunity for all.

As a purpose led company, we concentrate efforts where we have the most opportunity to drive progress across our people, customers and communities.

By focusing on our global workforce and aligning our priorities across our partner engagements and philanthropy, we strive for meaningful progress toward systemic equity.

We also understand the intersectionality between DEI and respect for human rights, both in our operations and supply chain.

In 2022, we expanded our Corporate Responsibility and DEI teams, deepening our commitment to DEI and refining our key areas of impact.

In line with our People First philosophy, we concentrated our efforts on our people strategic pillar, focusing on socializing the new DEI strategy across the combined organization, tailoring it for each of the distinct divisions, and consolidating and delivering established initiatives.

Our ability to attract and retain a diverse workforce is critical to our long term strategy, driving business growth and innovation and empowering our people to achieve their full potential.

We believe that increasing data disclosure in our external reporting demonstrates our commitment to transparency and helps guide our progress with concrete metrics.

We comply with all disclosure regulations, such as publishing our UK Gender Pay Gap Report and France Gender Equality Index Report.

Equal Employment Opportunity data can be found here.

Our reporting of global gender and U.S. race ethnicity representation data provides a comprehensive view of our people and uses an intersectional lens when analyzing our workforce.

In addition to 2021 data for the legacy S P Global company, this report includes data across our 34,000 1 colleagues in 44 countries as of the end of 2022, following our merger with IHS Markit.

This 42.8% growth in our workforce impacted the trajectories for some of our gender and diverse representation trends.

This combined view establishes a new baseline from which we will continue to build.

Increase female representation globally, currently 38.2%.

Further encourage self ID campaigns to increase disclosure of LGBTQ people, those with disabilities and veterans, and report globally wherever possible.

In 2022, 1.88% of our U.S. workforce self identified as LGBTQ , 0.38% disclosed a disability and 0.80% reported being a veteran.

Build on the modest growth in our U.S. Black and Hispanic Latine populations, currently 4.6% and 5.7%, respectively.

Across our U.S. critical roles, further extend the growth of female representation in commercial and in demand technology roles, currently 37.4% and 32.1%, respectively.

We have provided 2022 data as a snapshot of the newly combined S P Global baseline.

We will continue to provide insight on our workforce demographics in future reporting.

All of S P Global excluding CRISIL, CARFAX and Taiwan Ratings Corp. 2022 data is post merger and includes the IHS Markit employee population.

Data includes former IHS Markit CEO Lance Uggla and Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin.

As of December 31, 2022, 781 former IHS Markit employees were not assigned a comparable S P Global job family and level profile for this reporting, they were assigned a job family and level profile based on their historical job framework identification.

Among this group, 228 had no comparable job family assignment and thus were not assessed for the job discipline related measures such as Revenue Generating, STEM, Analysts Tech Sales.

Data reflects self identified ethnicity for U.S. employees as of December 31, 2022.

All of S P Global excluding CRISIL, CARFAX and Taiwan Ratings Corp. 2022 data is post merger and includes the IHS Markit employee population.

Data includes former IHS Markit CEO Lance Uggla and Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin.

As of December 31, 2022, 781 former IHS Markit employees were not assigned a comparable S P Global job family and level profile for this reporting, they were assigned a job family and level profile based on their historical job framework identification.

Among this group, 228 had no comparable job family assignment and thus were not assessed for the job discipline related measures such as Revenue Generating, STEM, Analysts Tech Sales.

Data reflects self identified ethnicity for U.S. employees as of December 31, 2022.

Other includes Other, Two or more Races, Native American.

Male and Female may not total All, because All includes those who did not disclose.

We recognize that equitable, competitive, fair and transparent compensation and reward programs improve outcomes for our people, our customers and our business.

The pay equity picture is constantly changing to incorporate movements in the organization, such as acquisitions, divestitures, hiring and promotions.

We continually review and enhance our compensation programs and practices to ensure fair pay for our people.

Our pay gap reporting highlights disproportionate representation at different levels of seniority throughout the company we remain committed to investing in women to reduce these gaps.

Our PRGs are the heart of our culture of inclusion, driving progress and accelerating our momentum.

Following our merger in 2022, our network of global PRGs is stronger and more essential to our work than ever.

People Resource Groups (PRGs) provide a safe space and community for our people across diverse geographic, business and cultural backgrounds.

Our mean gender pay gap is 14%, up from 5.8% in 2021.

This increase is mainly due to the integration of historical IHS Markit people in our workforce.

Our mean gender bonus pay gap is 29%, unchanged from 2021.

In our efforts to enhance transparency, we are reporting the ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men for the first time, which is at 84%.

We will continue to focus on identifying and addressing our gap through recruitment activities, talent planning, professional development and compensation.

Our gender pay gap reports are available on our Reports Policies site.

We also conduct regular pay reviews to ensure fair pay for our people.

Following the merger with IHS Markit, we will be examining pay equity across the combined organization during the course of 2023 and expect to report further on our progress.

To review our prior pay equity summary, read our 2021 Impact Report, published in May 2022.

This data reflects all S P Global people as of December 31, 2022, with the exception of CRISIL, Taiwan Ratings, S P Guild and union team members, which are excluded due to their different compensation structures.

Building on the earlier success of affinity networks and employee resource groups, the new PRGs remain committed to driving sustainable change, reinforcing our commitment to the social pillar of holistic sustainability to create safe spaces for people, educating and building awareness, supporting communities and accelerating inclusion.

Our PRGs support thousands of colleagues who come together based on shared life and career experiences to advance professional development, business success and community engagement.

S P Global now proudly supports nine PRGs focused on the acquisition, engagement and development of talent.

We welcome all allies, advocates, caregivers and friends.

Integrating these networks post merger was a priority for 2022.

Worldwide, more than 600 colleagues serve as global and regional board leaders across 80 chapters in 38 countries, and 33% of our people are members of at least one PRG.

In 2022, the company launched Communities to encourage colleagues with shared interests to collaborate and give and receive support in a social space.

In less than one year, more than 2,000 participants have connected on shared experiences such as running, cooking, gardening, coaching, HBCU alumni status, mindfulness, parenting children with disabilities, cycling and interests in wellbeing.

As we look to 2023 and beyond, S P Global remains firmly committed to continuing to drive DEI for our people, our customers and our communities.

Our newly combined company is united around our shared purpose and People First philosophy.

Accelerating meaningful progress requires intentional actions and a high level of accountability.

We are committed to advancing our DEI efforts and continuing to disclose and report with transparency.

Our DEI commitment includes learnings that promote our DEI focused culture, values and strategy.

Through continuous learning, colleagues across the enterprise explore how to recognize and mitigate bias, adopt equitable hiring and management practices, and become better advocates.

The company expanded access to Eskalera, a DEI learning and development platform, introducing it to more than half of the organization in 2022.

Eskalera is an interactive tool for detailed skill building and practice through self paced microlearning.

Content covers topics such as authenticity, empathetic listening, allyship and psychological safety.

Our Courageous Conversations series is designed to create safe spaces for our people to connect, raise their awareness of racial equity issues and current thinking, equip them to be allies and advocates, and inspire them to action.

The Inclusive Speaker Series complements Courageous Conversations by addressing issues of identity beyond race.

Both series aim to shed light on how a person’s intersectional identities their race, gender, sexuality and more impact their lived experiences.

King, Temple Grandin, W. Kamau Bell, Lisa Ling and Maria Hinojosa, and attracted as many as 2,200 attendees per session.

For information about the company’s DEI training and thought leadership, including information about the Diversity Research Lab and Investor Toolkit, please access the DEI Report.

Companies that thrive in a fierce talent market are those that attract the right people, invest in their development and equip them to adapt to change.

Having a talented, diverse global workforce in place and empowering them with the culture, resources, tools and skills they need for growth and success helps increase productivity, loyalty and the insights that fuel our success.

S P Global is a place where incisive, thoughtful people across the world find their purpose.

The individualized coaching we provide our people to grow, develop and build their careers truly sets us apart as a people first organization, helping us meet their needs and those of our business.

In 2022, we brought together the programming and expertise of S P Global and IHS Markit to strengthen our talent attraction and development initiatives.

In particular, we established Edge, our new enterprise wide learning team, to deliver to all employees programs and content that promote personal, team and leadership development.

We also expanded and adopted S P Global’s Thrive performance management program across the combined organization in 2022.

All employees are encouraged to undertake annual performance reviews and have weekly check ins with their managers to discuss performance and careers.

Launched three leadership development programs for women.

Supported more than 50 senior leaders across the merged organization with custom team building programming focused on developing a team charter and working norms, creating a shared vision and other topics.

Formalized long term recruiting engagements with four historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs).

Best Advancement in Performance Management at the 2022 Brandon Hall HCM Excellence Awards.

Along with creating and scaling our learning programs for leaders, consolidating and scaling programs across the combined enterprise was a major area of focus in 2022.

Moving forward, we are building on this strong foundation to resume historical levels of learning and development investment and engagement.

I chose to seek a new role at S P Global because I was grateful for the support the organization provided.

My career coach was not only my sounding board throughout my journey of exploration, but also helped me shatter my limiting beliefs.

Today, in this role, I feel far more connected to my values.

In 2020, the company introduced global Career Coaching, open to all S P Global people.

Through this industry leading approach, certified coaches offer confidential, customized and open ended support to help our people identify and fulfill their career aspirations.

Nearly 2,400 unique individuals have engaged in career coaching since its launch, and in 2022, we expanded the Career Coaching team to four coaches globally.

Our People Advisor role grew out of this program, providing a neutral and confidential way for our people to navigate workplace concerns, including career related matters.

S P Global also provides executive and leadership coaching through external vendors to support key leaders and managers.

Through our seven preferred external coaching firms, we have hosted more than 120 executive and leadership coaching engagements.

Our interactive Career Coaching dashboard enables real time insights for management reporting and offers relevant and targeted career training.

Featured in a May 2022 Harvard Business Review article as a best practice for cultivating more equitable access, awareness and support for internal mobility.

Award in the large enterprise category for India’s Top 100 Organizations.

Career Coaching also drew positive feedback from our employees who participated in the program, with 94% of colleagues recommending the initiative.

At S P Global, we are committed to being an inclusive employer of choice.

We aim to increase the pool of diverse candidates at all levels and to ensure that our hiring processes are fully supportive and equitable.

Investing in external DEI focused events, job fairs, partnerships and other recruiting interventions.

Participating in career fairs and partnering with external vendors to position the company as an employer of choice for underrepresented colleagues.

Partnering with v shesh, an award winning impact enterprise in India that supports job seekers with opportunities and organizations with disability inclusion, with the successful hire of 20 talents in 2022.

S P Global’s turnover rate remained in line with the industry average in 2022.

We continue to listen to our people, to understand their needs and ensure that we retain top talent.

The diverse characteristics and perspectives that our people bring to S P Global give us a real and vital competitive edge.

In 2022, we continued to build the partnerships and pipelines needed to attract colleagues across all backgrounds and lived experiences.

Our Early Careers Programs remain a strong pipeline of talent, allowing us to tap the next generation of diverse leaders by offering career and internship opportunities.

In 2022, we welcomed more than 300 interns into the enterprise wide S P Global 2022 Internship Program.

Hailing from 28 locations over four regions, our interns made valuable contributions in all six of our divisions and various corporate functions.

Worked with 10,000 Black Interns in the UK, a program offering paid internship opportunities across more than 25 sectors, in addition to training and development opportunities.

For several years in a row, we have proudly welcomed interns through this partnership.

Established long term engagements with four pilot HBCUs to improve our hiring of Black talent, while lending our philanthropy, market intelligence and subject matter expertise to bolster education and research at partner HBCUs.

New York Tri state area through the Year Up program to help bridge the gap for young adults from underrepresented backgrounds.

Through our People Resource Group Reach, we piloted a new internship program with Commodity Insights that hosted three students with disabilities at our New York and London offices.

Throughout the internship, we worked with VISIONS: Services for the Blind and Visually Impaired, a New York City based social service organization for the blind and visually impaired, as well as UK based EmployAbility, to ensure accessibility and a positive learning experience for them.

Emerging leaders of all backgrounds are the future of our organization.

In 2022, we continued to develop this important pipeline.

Create, our signature leader development program, provided crucial support and growth opportunities for People Leaders in 2022.

Create is designed to develop consistent foundational capabilities for People Leaders and provide support for challenges in uncertain times, with one on one support, interactive learning sessions and group coaching.

Conducted 200 workshops with 4,000 participants (1,500 unique attendees).

Created a monthly orientation session for the development of new leaders.

Hosted 76 coaching circles for 522 attendees (232 unique participants).

Redefined our People Leader Support Network to provide 1:1 confidential support and coaching to People Leaders.

Supported People Leaders by hosting 30 customized learning sessions for teams.

Introduced the Highly Effective Teams program in August, hosting 29 sessions for 335 participants.

Expanded our workshops library with topics including navigating difficult conversations, change management, effective communications, unconscious bias, wellbeing and full year performance management.

PILOT Coaching Program: A six month program that delivers virtual leadership and career development to 175 emerging leaders through individual reflection, manager feedback and live virtual group coaching sessions.

Cajetan Executive Coaching Program: A six month leadership and career development program for 44 of our senior women leaders.

Program: Designed for our women executives, this two year sponsorship program is virtual and customized to 20 individual participants, leveraging 360 degree feedback, regular sponsor check ins and tailored development plans to ensure the candidate’s visibility and success.

Senior leaders provide the vision, strategy and inspiration to grow our company and our people.

Following our merger in March 2022, we enabled the successful integration of 250 global senior leaders into our culture, with an in person leadership conference called Set the Bar.

This event established leadership expectations in the newly integrated organization, shared directional information on the strategy and key priorities, and offered ample opportunities for leaders across the enterprise to connect.

For 1:1 development, we provide targeted executive coaching sessions for senior leaders and executive leaders.

Select leaders engaged in a developmental 360 degree assessment and action planning on the insights they received.

The company also delivered customized leadership team interventions with more than 50 senior leaders across the newly integrated organization, focused on areas such as developing a team charter and working norms, getting to know the personality styles and strengths amongst the team members, creating a shared vision for the future and new leader assimilations.

In 2022, S P Global focused on expanding and adopting the Thrive approach across the combined organization.

It now becomes our business as usual framework and continues to incentivize ongoing learning and development.

In 2023, we look forward to incorporating a data driven approach to decision making for our talent attraction and development programs, building on baseline data we collected across our combined organization in 2022.

We will draw on this data as we continue to develop and scale our recruiting, talent retention and career development initiatives.

We will also be exploring more listening touch points in our listening strategy, with a focus on engagement drivers and leadership actions.

We will be enhancing our VIBE life cycle with the introduction of onboarding surveys.

This intervention will enable us to understand how newly joined colleagues are experiencing our culture and work environment.

Elevate, a virtual cohort program for mid level leaders enterprise wide and focused on developing inclusive leaders, leading change and delivering across the enterprise.

Propel, a highly selective 10 month experience through which senior leaders will engage in immersions to gain leadership insights from local businesses, community leaders and customers.

VIBE (Voice, Insights, Belonging and Expectation) is S P Global’s continuous listening program.

It is part of a holistic approach that includes annual engagement surveys, ad hoc pulse surveys, monthly polls and employee networks.

These allow colleagues to share feedback on their experiences, as well as our company strategy, development and culture.

We conducted our annual VIBE survey shortly after our merger in 2022, establishing a baseline for future surveys that will enable us to track progress in 2023 and beyond.

Our top priority with the 2022 VIBE Survey was to solicit feedback about company and culture integration and navigating change.

Data, including more than 165,000 comments, revealed that our merger brought increased workloads and uncertainty for some of our people.

Based on this knowledge, we increased our support, including implementing additional wellness days and increased pay transparency, and adjusted our CEO town hall meetings from quarterly to monthly.

Health and safety is a universal human right, and the health, safety and wellbeing of our people is one of S P Global’s top priorities.

The company is committed to extending comprehensive benefits that support physical, financial, emotional and work life wellness.

When we take care of our people, we are investing in our success as a company.

Protecting the health and safety of our people, clients and other stakeholders is our primary consideration.

We do this by focusing on building a safe and healthy work environment by training our people, enhancing their wellbeing through products and infrastructure, and relying on strong partnerships across internal teams to keep health and safety at the center of how we operate.

We also have an annual report on our health and safety performance to senior management, to ensure accountability and oversight on our practices.

To support a safe and healthy work environment, the company maintains a rigorous management system.

Our facilities worldwide follow internally and externally audited occupational health and safety policies in line with ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 standards.

All of our offices follow ISO 45001, with our London office formally certified in ISO 45001.

Of our office area, 49% is covered by ISO 14001 standards.

These practices also support our goal of minimizing our environmental footprint by improving operational efficiencies.

For additional information, please see our Global Health, Safety and Environmental Policy.

In 2022, the company continued to invest in Risk Management Plus software to help efficiently report and investigate any incidents that occur within our business.

This tool enables us to document all aspects of an incident in accordance with local regulatory requirements and provides the opportunity to review corrective and preventive actions to help mitigate the risk of future occurrences.

Our goal is to prevent all work related accidents and ensure the safety of our people worldwide.

We work to create a culture in which employees are expected to report incidents.

To help reduce risk, we have also developed a new ergonomic training course that will be launched in 2023 to cover work both at home and in the office.

S P Global provides colleagues with a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that includes a host of programs, resources and incentives to enable informed decisions and healthy lifestyles.

Our global benefits differ from country to country, but specific offerings include flexible work environments and programs designed to promote our people’s physical, financial, mental and emotional health.

In line with our People First approach, colleagues are encouraged to share feedback to help shape our policies and initiatives across the globe.

Five paid Wellness Days annually when all offices are closed, to enable our colleagues to rest and recharge.

Flexible recharge time, which allows colleagues to take as much personal paid time off from work as needed, consistent with fulfilling their duties and the company’s obligations.

LifeWorks Wellbeing Program, which provides culturally appropriate support, confidential information and tools, at no cost to our people and their family members.

It is important that our people take the time out to care for themselves and their loved ones.

Our Global Care Leave policy allows our people to take up to 10 days of paid leave per calendar year to care for a close relative or loved one who has a serious illness or health condition.

Our Global Sick Leave policy provides a minimum of 10 paid business days for sick leave per calendar year for our people to rest and recuperate.

In 2022, we expanded our programs to further support our people and promote health and wellness.

We added seven virtual fitness classes, for a total of 17 classes Monday through Friday.

Our new Mindful Meditation program consists of five minute breathing, meditation and light stretching sessions, led by meditation coaches and designed to help colleagues release stress and improve focus at work.

We also launched Life Speak, a wellbeing video platform that provides access to the world’s leading experts on topics including mental health, preventative health, family issues, DEI and professional skills development.

For additional information on benefits offered by location, please visit our website.

S P Global is committed to ensuring that its employees have every opportunity to grow in a dynamic technology environment.

The EssentialTECH and Essential Innovation teams bring opportunities to build skills, capabilities and mindsets to address the business and career development needs of today and tomorrow.

The aim is to accelerate people’s future readiness to support S P Global’s purpose, through essential learning, innovation and application opportunities.

We’re scaling innovation by helping people embrace new mindsets, adopt new technologies that create value in our products and ultimately impact customers.

And we’re inspiring talent inside and outside the company by showing our commitment to a people first culture and support for career growth.

To continue to accelerate progress and navigate rapidly evolving markets, S P Global fosters a culture of innovation, encouraging and challenging our people to disrupt how we think and operate, to drive productivity, improve agility and increase value for our customers.

Innovative thinking and doing enable us to continually seek to raise the bar.

The global pandemic and a large merger further challenged our people as we all moved from collaborating in offices to working virtually with new colleagues in hybrid, post merger teams around the world.

These shifts, along with the Fintech market’s emerging technologies, presented opportunities to leverage new tools and capabilities to bring value to the company and our customers.

Engaged nearly half of our people in 60 activities via the S P Global Innovation Platform, a cross divisional platform to house innovation and technology initiatives, and closed a key gap to enable engagement, transparency and tracking for these programs.

Hackathons: Opportunities beyond traditional business to foster innovation and creative problem solving, by bringing people together to collaborate and compete to solve a business challenge.

Gigs: A marketplace that connects expertise to where it is needed, giving employees an opportunity to apply their skills, develop capabilities and deliver real business value.

Battle of the Bots: A contest to drive engagement by recognizing our people who identified and delivered key robotic process automation projects, yielding efficiencies and improving time to market or data quality.

Ideas that Inspire Innovation (i3): A contest to help create growth, performance improvements and strategic value by bringing our Market Intelligence people together to promote and develop their ideas, with the best ideas moving from pitch to implementation.

Launched an in house Design Thinking learning path that not only provided a crash course in collaboration, synthesis, design research, prototyping and solution validation, but also gave our people an opportunity to become facilitators.

This offering has provided a flexible curriculum for problem solving, while also scaling the capability across our organization.

Hosted our SPARK Summit, a two day technology and innovation event, to explore how our teams, customers and external partners use technology and innovation to accelerate progress in the world.

The pre and post conference workshops provided hands on awareness building activities to put learning into action.

In addition, the S P Global Patent Program continues to foster a culture of innovation, by maximizing the commercial and competitive value of intellectual property rights.

Through a tiered, digital credentialing program, we are able to recognize and reward our inventors.

Moving forward, we will continue to connect the dots across the enterprise on shared capabilities, reusability of assets, cross pollination of ideas and creation of innovative approaches and projects.

Establishing strong connections with divisional innovation teams.

Building stronger connectivity with markets and customers.

Further developing and championing an innovation framework to support innovation across the entire business cycle.

At S P Global, we believe that everyone can be an innovator.

That’s why our Innovation Platform is designed to create a culture of innovation, establishing a repeatable process and driving real business impact.

Designed for teams of all sizes, the Innovation Platform makes it simple to participate and taps the power of our people to source and select ideas, crowdfund projects, run hackathons and turn ideas into reality.

With software that enables scaling program successes across our company, our platform tracks and measures multiple types of success and makes data driven results readily accessible.

A key complement to our Innovation Platform is the EssentialTECH Buddies program, which aims to connect technology expertise to where it is needed, while enabling collaboration and building business value.

Capabilities Coaches match with participants to explore or provide guidance related to tech career journeys.

Study Buddies form study groups to learn similar topics or prepare for certifications.

Tech Talent Marketplace features short term projects (gigs) in search of talent across the organization.

As a data driven business analyzing billions of data points to uncover essential intelligence, S P Global has technology at its core.

We support our people’s future readiness through opportunities to learn and apply leading edge tech skills in Cloud, Agile, DevOps, Cyber Security, Data Science and Automation areas, all in the context of innovation.

We have deployed a blended approach for tech learning, offering courses developed specifically for S P Global, supplementing the learning paths through external, industry leading courses, and enabling the application of skills through innovation based activities.

The company incentivizes employees’ development by awarding digital credentials and spot bonuses to those who achieve key industry certifications.

Tech training programs reached all our colleagues, with 13,000 new participants while combining the best of both organizations’ learning cultures, processes and offerings.

To date, about one third of our people have achieved foundational tech fluency.

Data for Technologists series was launched across the enterprise to build our people’s data fluency and an understanding of core data sets and customer use cases.

Created EssentialTECH Practitioner Communities to bring applied and experiential learning to our EssentialTECH learning organization.

These communities support our people in proactively applying capabilities to support strategic business priorities.

Engaged with well known academic institutions in India, including the International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad and the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, with a view to partnering on thought leadership around emerging technologies.

Our CEO leads the drive to ensure everyone at S P Global has core fluency in technology and innovation.

Advisory Council: Helps shape priorities and provide key inputs to amplify reach and impact throughout the organization.

Topic based advisory groups in six core areas: Provide insight on specific business needs and help us engage with key user audiences, to develop learning.

EssentialTECH Chapters Core Communities: Represent technology communities of practice, regional chapters and champion groups to help direct, guide and support programs.

Invention Review Committee: A small, cross functional body of subject matter experts who review and prioritize ideas and projects for patent filing.

In 2022, S P Global created the Vitality Committee with subject matter experts from legal, strategy, corporate development, finance and IT, with the mandate to create enterprise wide consistency on definitions and inclusion exclusion criteria for the Vitality Index, and to promote innovation across the company.

The Vitality Index is a metric used to show the revenue impact of innovation across the organization.

S P Global’s Web 3.0 learning journey launched with a mandate to introduce blockchain and Decentralized Finance, or DeFi, to the entire company and to create a pool of Solidity developers.

To date, the Web 3.0 program has supported more than 8,000 course completions and awarded more than 1,000 credentials across tech and non tech roles.

The company also established a Web 3.0 Development Community that aims to leverage internal Web 3.0 capabilities to complete proofs of concept for learning and business impact.

To further encourage the certified pool of DeFi developers, we incentivized people to complete ET Web 3.0 Community projects to earn Yellow, Green and Black belts with associated awards.

In early 2023, we announced a new strategic collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to extend the delivery of advanced, secure, cloud based services to more than 100,000 of our government and enterprise customers in 43 countries further growing the 65% of application workloads we already run on AWS.

As part of the collaboration, we will also move our Capital IQ and remaining core data platforms to AWS by 2025, and develop new capabilities to enable our customers to evaluate risk and growth opportunities for their organizations.

The new agreement will expand our use of world class infrastructure across our divisions, using AWS to improve data and product availability and increase efficiency and productivity for our employees and customers worldwide.

Building on our recent merger, S P Global will continue to seek opportunities across the business to leverage technological capabilities and assets, share ideas and create innovative approaches and products.

We plan to do so by deepening our people’s tech and data fluency, facilitating tech mentorship, encouraging time to learn and innovate, and cultivating citizen developers.

We will strengthen our Web 3.0 learning by focusing on opportunities in the Metaverse and in Web 3.0 applications.

Our people will continue to connect with external expertise and research.

And we will position learning and development opportunities, providing a key path for employee retention and growth.

Vitality Index is a metric used to show the revenue impact of innovation across the organization.

The index is calculated by expressing innovation revenue as a proportion of total revenue.

S P Global recognizes the urgent need to address climate change, threats to biodiversity and other critical environmental challenges.

Through sustainable practices and innovative solutions, we aim to minimize our environmental impact and contribute to a healthier, more resilient world.

In this section, we provide details on our energy and climate strategy and on our efforts to protect biodiversity and natural capital.

The risks and impacts of climate change pose a substantial threat to communities and ecosystems worldwide.

At S P Global, we recognize that we must do our part to address this growing crisis, as the wellbeing of our people and business is inextricably linked to the health of the communities where we live and work.

In 2021, we announced our goal of achieving net zero emissions by 2040, which included near term 2025 targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Our approach is informed by the latest climate science aimed at limiting global warming to 1.5 C and aligns with best practice of avoiding and lowering greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by carefully tracking and disclosing our performance, implementing energy reduction initiatives and transitioning to low carbon energy sources.

Following the close of the merger in early 2022, S P Global decided to restate our science based targets and resubmit them to SBTi, which was done in November 2022.

We anticipate that SBTi will complete validation of the updated targets by mid 2023.

Our path to net zero is dependent on transparency of our emissions data and a successful integration of sustainable practices with business strategy across the company operations, vendors and supply chain.

The data will be critical in driving decisions to meet the evolving climate disclosure requirements.

By shifting to an intensity based target for Scope 1 and 2 emissions, we will further incentivize energy efficient infrastructure in our offices, while making the target more resilient against significant changes in our real estate portfolio.

We also changed the supplier engagement target to be based on spend rather than emissions, as this will have a larger global impact on GHG emissions.

S P Global’s climate, energy and broader environmental data cover our 113 offices where we have operational control and remote working across 44 countries.

After significant restructuring of our operations due to the pandemic and our merger with IHS Markit, we now have more stability in our real estate portfolio and have completed integration of our business travel and vendor management programs.

As of year end, 46% of our spend was with 337 suppliers who are signed on to SBTi, up from 15% (50 suppliers) in 2019.

Continued neutralizing all Scope 3 emissions from employee business travel and added offsets for all Scope 1 emissions from office operations.

For every metric ton of CO2e in scope, S P Global purchased an equal amount of certified carbon offsets from Natural Capital Partners.

In addition to reducing and managing climate related impacts in our operations, we actively work to advance better understanding and management of climate risks and opportunities in global markets.

The Climate Data Steering Committee, formed by French President Emmanuel Macron and UN Special Envoy for Climate Ambition and Solutions Michael R. Bloomberg to make recommendations on the design of a new open data utility, the Net Zero Data Public Utility (NZDPU), and how it should address data gaps, inconsistencies and inaccessibility that slow climate action.

We also continue to develop the breadth and depth of climate solutions across divisions.

For more information, see Sustainability Products and Data.

Updated company wide Travel Policy to support greener travel choices, including encouraging rail travel as an alternative to short haul flights and increasing the threshold to 8 hours from 6 hours for business class travel.

Maintained coverage of 49% of our office area and 47% of our employees with ISO 14001 standards.

Along with our existing renewable contracts at our two U.S. offices in Charlottesville, Virginia and Centennial, Colorado, this represents 9% of our total energy usage, covering 15% of our global workforce.

Hosted 38% of our global workforce in LEED certified (or equivalent) buildings or office spaces.

Optimized data and technology related energy consumption with 65% of application workloads running on cloud based infrastructure provided by Amazon Web Services.

Worked with our real estate partner CBRE to secure a dedicated Sustainability Net Zero Director to plan and administer our real estate portfolio.

S P Global also continues to invest in and prioritize efforts to respond and adapt to physical risks associated with climate change.

In 2022, our Global Security organization enhanced the company’s preparedness by introducing a third party system to provide early warning of extreme weather events, and it began tracking them in a dedicated natural hazards database enabling ongoing trend analysis.

For more information, see Risk and Crisis Management and the S P Global Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures Report.

S P Global issued the first sustainability linked banking facility in the U.S. tied to climate action goals verified by SBTi, and the first such banking facility in the U.S. media and information services sector.

The 1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility includes a sustainability linked pricing adjustment, which is linked to the company’s SBTi approved goals.

Sustainability Linked Bond Issuance: Upon close of our merger with IHS Markit, in March 2022, S P Global launched our inaugural sustainability linked bond issuance, with the offering of 1.25 billion of 2029 sustainability linked senior notes, with interest tied to sustainability goals including Scope 3 business travel emissions reductions and supplier diversity.

While we anticipate continued office consolidations and closures to enable a permanent hybrid working model, we continue to explore and implement measures to help reduce the impact of our remaining office locations.

Continue to change all our lighting to the most efficient form of LEDs, targeting to complete our London and Tetbury offices in 2023.

Pilot energy efficiency measures including automated room temperate CO2 sensors to turn off heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems when offices are not in use in three of our main offices Englewood, California, London and New York representing 25% of our total office area and 17% of our global workforce.

Extend renewable energy tariffs to our Englewood office and encourage our existing landlords to purchase renewable energy wherever possible.

Complete enterprise wide rollout of continuous live data for business travel, providing near real time, transparent and detailed insights, including emissions by department and division.

Expand our net zero approach and factor environmental impact into decisions within specific business functions, such as events, IT and marketing.

Continue to transition to cloud services, to increase energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy for digital product environments.

Develop practical ways to embed carbon pricing into internal decision making.

While S P Global’s operations may not create significant impacts on biodiversity and natural capital, the loss of vital resources and ecosystem services will have an effect on our ability to operate successfully, and on the wellbeing of our people, communities and the natural world.

For these reasons, we are working within our own operations and through our product offerings to understand and address the depletion of natural resources and the loss of biodiversity, as well as the dependencies that people, communities and businesses have on natural capital.

For 2022, we announced the addition of nature based environmental targets that complement our net zero goal for carbon.

Approved at the Executive and Board level, these new targets will help us reduce our impact on nature by achieving zero waste and water net zero in our offices.

S P Global Sustainable1 convened a Knowledge Community to inform the development of data intelligence to accelerate a shift of capital toward nature positive outcomes through the universal lens of the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD).

To date, the Knowledge Community is comprised of over 270 global organizations representing financial institutions, corporations, government, academia and interest groups.

Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre to develop the Nature Risk Profile, a new methodology that was launched at the World Economic Forum Davos event in January 2023.

The methodology covers several key areas, including potential risks to biodiversity arising from companies’ impacts and dependencies, as well as from proximity to biodiverse areas.

It also outlines metrics and data that enable companies and investors to identify and quantify nature related exposure, while supporting clients in aligning with the emerging TNFD framework and new reporting expectations.

The methodology will be open access and developed and refined by stakeholders, in order to support transparency and adoption.

The Future of Sustainable Data Alliance (FoSDA), a multi member alliance seeking to ensure that data accurately informs and enhances capital allocation to tackle global environmental and social challenges.

S P Global currently participates in several workstreams, including those on biodiversity.

The Value Commission, an initiative of the Capitals Coalition aimed at establishing a better shared understanding of how to quantify and assign a value to the negative externalities of business activities, including impacts on nature.

The Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), a global, market led initiative with the mission to develop and deliver a risk management and disclosure framework for organizations to report and act on evolving nature related risks and opportunities.

Against the backdrop of net zero commitments from investors and companies, it is essential that net zero for climate should be net positive for nature, in line with the important work of the TNFD.

Access to data and advanced analytics will be key to unlocking better awareness, understanding and action around nature related risks for companies and investors.

It is important that we continue to provide thought leadership and practical recommendations on how to address urgent and interconnected nature and climate challenges through our data and insights.

Within our commercial business, we aim to leverage the Nature Risk Profile methodology to support development of analytical solutions, investment products and new types of research across S P Global divisions.

For example, in 2023, S P Global Market Intelligence will launch a new nature risk data and analytics product designed to aid clients in meeting new reporting obligations, making capital allocation and engagement decisions, and setting and meeting commitments on specific challenges like deforestation and water.

In our own organization, we seek to expand elements of our zero impact initiative within select business functions, such as corporate events and marketing, and for colleagues working from home.

We will also embark on the Nature Pilot Program convened by S P Global Sustainable1 to better understand our company’s impacts and dependencies on nature.

S P Global aims to be among the first companies to report using the forthcoming TNFD Framework in 2024, based on our understanding that biodiversity and climate change are intrinsically linked and that immediate actions are needed to mitigate impacts and increase financial capital to protect and restore biodiversity.

We also continue to develop the breadth and depth of biodiversity and natural capital solutions across divisions.

For more information, see Sustainability Products and Data.

S P Global works to accelerate progress by harnessing our essential intelligence to power markets and thriving global communities.

This section covers the company progress and performance related to our sustainability products and data, our approach to responsible product development and marketing, and the ways we help drive development of inclusive communities.

As climate risk, social equity and other sustainability issues increasingly influence business outcomes, S P Global’s innovative sustainability products help companies and investors identify prospects for growth, mitigate risks, position for emerging regulations and maximize their performance against global goals.

In line with the International Sustainability Standards Board’s definition of sustainability, S P Global offers a holistic lens that goes beyond ESG to provide perspectives on all aspects of sustainability, including risk, opportunity and impact.

We leverage our data and analytics to provide sustainability intelligence that powers global markets, supports transparency goals and helps customers make confident decisions.

S P Global provides a range of sustainability data and solutions to meet the needs of our clients to identify growth opportunities and mitigate risks.

Our market benchmarks, forward looking research and data for public and private markets are tools to enable clients and stakeholders to make informed and strategic decisions.

In 2022, all business divisions achieved strong performance across our sustainability offerings.

Note: We are divesting Engineering Solutions, which had 3 million in revenue both in 2021 and 2022.

In 2022, S P Global established a cross divisional Net Zero Senior Strategy Group comprised of commercial and product related leaders, to consider each division’s strategy to support the net zero energy transition.

Enhance training for ratings analysts, to continue building our understanding of stakeholder and credit risks and opportunities related to the net zero transition.

Identify opportunities to enhance data and analytics available to analysts, and source additional data as relevant.

Develop further research, tools and analytics to assess the path and implications of the transition and share this research through thought leadership publications.

Include net zero data in workflow tools within relevant products and solutions.

Identify opportunities to increase use of net zero content.

Develop additional areas of data and coverage to better enable client workflows supporting net zero objectives such as climate models and analytics.

Continue to develop and promote new price assessments to provide transparency for energy transition markets including alternatives to hydrocarbons and clean energy.

Include Energy Transition and net zero outlooks in Commodity analytics and consulting, integrating Energy Transition themes into energy industry conferences.

Measure and publish net zero related metrics for every headline, security based S P index published on our website.

Launch a global equity net zero index, including emerging markets, and engage all clients having net zero ambitions, at a minimum, around S P DJI’s net zero solutions.

Convene an advisory panel to provide the Index Committee governing our net zero indices with insights for incorporating the best techniques and latest science into index methodologies.

Feature net zero content in all Mobility business lines and enhance net zero analytics.

Enhance the visibility of net zero related content and analysis in our client facing platforms and develop metrics to track client use of net zero related content.

Launched in April 2021, S P Global Sustainable1 (S1) seeks to match customers with sustainability products, insights and solutions from across S P Global’s divisions, to help meet each customer’s unique needs.

Our comprehensive coverage across global markets, combined with in depth sustainability intelligence, provides financial institutions, corporations and governments with expansive insight on business risk, opportunity and impact, as we work toward a sustainable future.

The world is changing, and so are the needs of our clients.

Our data, benchmarks, research and insights help provide capital market participants and others the resources needed to understand risk, opportunity and impact, in order to achieve their sustainability objectives over the short, medium and long term.

In 2022, Sustainable1 invited over 13,800 companies to participate in our annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA).

The CSA framework captures up to 1,000 data points per company to inform their performance on key sustainability issues.

This data is collected through 130 questions comprising a mix of general and industry specific topics.

More than 3,000 companies participated during the year, an increase of 34% over 2021.

CSA results are used to select constituent companies into different sustainability focused indices, including the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI).

Other S P Global divisions also reference the CSA’s sustainability disclosure and scores.

They include ESG Evaluation by S P Global Ratings, which provides a forward looking, long term opinion of a company’s readiness for disruptive risks and opportunities.

Since 2000, S P Global Trucost has been pioneering research and assessing risks relating to climate change, biodiversity and broader environmental and social considerations.

Trucost’s intelligence, data and analytics engine forms the backbone of many of our sustainability solutions across the divisions.

In 2022, we enhanced our existing corporate datasets by integrating physical risk scoring and financial impact data and delivered a market leading physical risk analysis covering more than 3.1 million asset locations.

Trucost environmental data measures environmental impact across key dimensions and covers more than 2.5 million companies, including private companies.

This data can be used to assess environmental costs and to identify and manage environmental and climate risk, as well as to conduct peer and portfolio analysis from a climate and environmental perspective.

In December 2021, S P Global acquired The Climate Service to expand its physical risk capabilities and enhance its leading portfolio of essential sustainability data, scores and climate risk solutions.

The Climate Service has developed an application for physical climate risk analytics for corporates, investors and governments.

The Climanomics platform quantifies climate risk, with outputs aligned to recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

The platform models physical risk, including extreme temperatures, drought, wildfire, coastal flooding, cyclone and water stress, as well as transition risks, including changing legal, regulatory and market conditions.

S P Global Ratings incorporates environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors that we believe are material to creditworthiness and sufficiently visible as part of our credit rating analysis.

ESG credit indicators, reflecting our opinion of how material the influence of ESG factors is on our credit rating analysis of rated entities in corporates, financial institutions and other sectors.

Dedicated paragraphs discussing ESG credit factors in credit rating reports for rated entities in corporates, financial institutions and other sectors.

Research commentaries providing greater insight into credit relevant trends on climate and other factors.

S P Global Ratings also provides sustainable finance services and solutions, including entity level sustainability assessments, Second Party Opinions (SPOs) and Transaction Evaluations.

Our SPOs, which are independent assessments of a company’s financing or framework’s alignment with market standards and typically provided before any borrowing is raised, include Use of Proceeds SPOs (Green, Social, Sustainability) and Sustainability Linked SPOs.

In December 2022, S P Global acquired the Shades of Green business from CICERO, further expanding the breadth and depth of our SPO offering.

Shades of Green has been championing SPOs in the global green financing market since 2008, after publishing the very first SPO on the World Bank’s Green bond framework, and remains the largest external reviewer by volume globally.

At the heart of all its SPOs is the multi award winning Shades of Green methodology, which assigns shadings to investments and activities to reflect the extent to which they contribute to the transition to a low carbon and climate resilient future.

Since 2016, S P Global Ratings and Shades of Green have collectively evaluated 460 billion in green financings, delivered 500 SPOs and received 12 industry awards.

With S P Global Ratings’ global experience in assessing sustainable finance risk, coupled with Shades of Green’s deep expertise in climate and sustainability, we are ready to help clients navigate access to the public and private sustainable debt markets, with solutions that deliver the rigor and transparency that investors and lenders demand.

S P Global Market Intelligence offers a growing suite of sustainability data and analytics for private and public markets.

Market Intelligence first introduced sustainability data on the S P Capital IQ Pro platform in mid 2020, and continued to enhance the Cap IQ platform in 2022, to maximize client value.

S P Global Market Intelligence has a comprehensive suite of sustainability offerings to meet the needs of different stakeholders, including public and private equity investors, banks, corporates and insurance companies, whether it be to help with portfolio or private equity analysis for informed decisions, to assess climate risks inherent to company assets, to meet regulatory requirements or to understand risks associated with third parties.

In 2022, we launched enhanced Physical Risk Exposure Scores and Financial Impact datasets, to help understand and manage the physical and financial exposure of corporates and physical assets to climate change.

It has coverage of more than 20,000 companies, representing over 98% of global market capitalization, and is built on a proprietary database of over 3.1 million asset locations linked to corporate entities.

As private market investments gain even more momentum, investors are keen to assess the impact of sustainability factors against their investments.

Our iLEVEL portfolio monitoring platform centralizes sustainability data collection, analysis and reporting.

We have also formed strategic partnership with Novata, a leading sustainability data platform, with the goal of providing private market investors with a comprehensive data solution.

Understanding the impact of climate change is a key element in assessing credit risk.

Climate Credit Analytics (CCA) enables counterparty and portfolio level analysis of climate related financial and credit risks for thousands of companies, across multiple sectors.

CCA translates climate scenarios into drivers of financial performance tailored to each industry.

These drivers are used to forecast complete company financial statements under various climate scenarios.

To help reduce security risks for charities providing aid to those affected by the war in Ukraine, S P Market Intelligence offered complimentary access to Foresight Security planning capabilities to humanitarian aid organizations so they may access location specific security and intelligence information, enabling them to monitor the rapidly changing operational environment to assist in their efforts.

To help protect endangered whale species, the University of California Santa Barbara’s (UCSB’s) Whale Safe tool displays whale and ship data to help prevent ship collisions with whales.

Whale Safe uses S P Global Market Intelligence’s Sea web ship data to help accurately identify vessel movements and provides transparency for safety, sustainability and social responsibility practices through its vessel vetting and vessel ratings for safety and environmental performance.

S P Global Commodity Insights provides benchmarks, data and insights for global commodity markets.

With the integration of S P Global Platts and the historical IHS Markit’s Energy Natural Resources businesses, the division is now known as Commodity Insights.

Environmental Markets Price assessments, data and insights for environmental markets, including voluntary and compliance carbon markets, low carbon gas, methane performance certificates, crude carbon intensity, hydrogen, ammonia, battery metals, recycled plastics, renewables and biofuels.

Alignment to Net Zero Integrated, long term scenarios for energy supply and demand across multiple climate warming pathways and net zero cases.

Technology Investments Data and insights covering clean energy technologies qualitative and quantitative analyses of renewable energy sourcing strategies and research and outlooks for battery metals and electric vehicles.

Emissions Management Standardized data and insights on greenhouse gas emissions across the energy value chain and industrial sectors, and carbon intensity assessments reflecting emissions associated with the production of underlying commodities.

Broadened our suite of emissions solutions, with new and enhanced products for modeling the emissions and cost economics of refineries and chemical plants.

Developed the first international renewable electricity certificate (I REC) price assessments for Brazil, India and Turkey, which will increase pricing transparency within these key energy markets.

Produced the first carbon intensity measures for all six crude grades forming Platts’ Brent benchmark, making Brent the first carbon measured global benchmark.

Launched satellite driven methane intensity calculations and corresponding methane intensity price premiums for 19 U.S. natural gas production basins.

Built the first ever carbon intensity estimates for diesel, gasoline and jet fuel, along with carbon offset premiums.

Built a comprehensive new dataset of estimated emissions from upstream oil and gas production, complementing our core upstream global coverage of over 6.8 million onshore wells, 60K assets and projects, and 33K fields worldwide.

These datasets are broken down by emissions source and greenhouse gas type.

We believe collaboration can fuel and scale urgent interventions toward a low carbon future.

Hence, we established a partnership with Pexapark that will enable us to develop a new benchmark for renewable energy pricing and continued to collaborate with Xpansiv and Viridios AI, with a focus on enhancing the transparency of voluntary carbon markets.

We are also proud to partner with GTI Energy and the National Energy Technology Laboratory on the Open Hydrogen Initiative, dedicated to unlocking the potential of hydrogen as a fuel alternative.

S P Dow Jones Indices offers around 200 headline Sustainability indices, with Sustainability assets under license exceeding 33 billion in 2022.

Our indices support an array of climate and sustainability investing needs, with forward looking approaches in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures, as well as climate benchmark standards aligned with the EU Low Carbon Benchmark Regulation.

In 2022, we launched the iBoxx EUR Corporates Net Zero 2050 Paris Aligned ESG Index, which aims to meet and exceed the standards for EU Paris aligned Benchmarks.

It incorporates factors that seek to manage transition risk and climate change opportunities in alignment with TCFD recommendations.

The index, administered by S P Global Benchmark Administration Limited, measures the performance of eligible corporate bonds from the iBoxx EUR Corporates’ parent index.

The corporate bonds are selected and weighted to be collectively compatible with a 1.5 C global warming climate scenario at the index level.

In 2019, S P Dow Jones Indices launched the S P 500 ESG, designed to underline strategic, long term, mainstream investment products.

Intentionally broad, the S P 500 ESG Index seeks to reflect many of the attributes of the S P 500 itself, while providing an improved sustainability profile through ESG exclusions and selection of companies for inclusion based on their ESG scores.

This flagship index continued to gather assets in 2022, growing to 8.7 billion by year end.

The S P Net Zero 2050 Carbon Budget Indices were launched in 2022.

These indices offer a path of decarbonization based on the 2021 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, which assesses the state of climate change and progress toward keeping global temperature increases below 1.5 C compared to pre industrial levels with 83% probability.

The methodology creates a suite of indices that allocate and adjust a carbon budget across their constituents based upon the year of index launch.

For the 2022 vintage indices, for example, the index delivers an initial 25% cut in volumes of emissions, as well as an approximately 10% yearly emissions reduction based on their published index methodology.

This new index series, which uses climate data from S P Global Sustainable1, complements S P DJI’s suite of climate and ESG indices.

It provides an alternative tool and index based approach to measure climate and environmental related risks and returns in investment portfolios.

Sustainability is a fast evolving space, with heightened expectations across stakeholder groups, regulatory developments across the globe and increased scrutiny on greenwashing.

We continue to build on our leadership and pioneering efforts to provide the essential data, insights and knowledge to enable the transition to a low carbon economy and a more equitable society.

In early 2023, we completed our acquisition of TruSight Solutions LLC (TruSight), a provider of third party vendor risk assessments, and we also plan to launch a biodiversity and TNFD reporting tool for quantifying nature related risks, impacts and dependencies.

S P Global Mobility offers a range of products that help automakers, industry and financial stakeholders to understand and navigate the challenges of society’s transition to electric vehicles and the decarbonization of vehicular transportation.

These include electrification focused forecasts covering new vehicle sales and production, tailpipe emissions and growth technologies, including batteries, e motors and power electronics.

We have recently formed a dedicated Sustainable Mobility function to help develop new products addressing climate related issues impacting the automotive industry.

The impact of climate related physical risks pose a material threat to production for automotive manufacturers and their suppliers.

Investors, manufacturers and suppliers also increasingly need to consider the full carbon footprint across the value chain.

Pressures are mounting on a few key areas, namely, the assessment of supply chain emissions, with Scope 3 emissions being particularly acute in the automotive industry, the setting of emission reduction targets, as well as the management of supply chain carbon cost pass through to the end consumer.

In collaboration with Sustainable1, we are jointly developing a pipeline of new products aimed at helping customers navigate the transition to Sustainable Mobility.

In 2023, our first product release from this collaboration will seek to offer multiple stakeholders a variant of the S P Global’s physical risk solution specific to the automotive sector, enhanced with carbon earnings at risk and carbon emissions datasets.

S P Global takes seriously our role in providing the world’s leading organizations with the essential intelligence they need to make confident decisions.

That means continually seeking new ways to deliver value, instill confidence and provide a positive experience for our customers.

The company’s values of integrity, discovery and partnership are ingrained in the products and services we offer and in every step of the customer experience.

Through quality focused, risk informed development processes, we work to ensure that our products exceed expectations.

This focus extends to our marketing strategy and design and implementation practices, which carefully consider our customers’ needs and preferences.

Risk management and compliance are integral to protecting the S P Global brand.

Our culture of risk awareness and risk informed decision making is reflected in our establishment of a unified and standard New Product Approval (NPA) risk review process for S P Global Market Intelligence in 2022.

The NPA process aims to ensure that all new and materially changed Market Intelligence product offerings are thoroughly and objectively evaluated for potential compliance, financial, legal and operational risks and requirements.

It has been embedded into our standard product development life cycle and occurs before product offerings are developed and launched to market.

The integrity of our products is fundamental to our business.

Our collaborative, transparent, risk informed processes and strict protocols help ensure that our products are developed with the highest attention to risk management, compliance and quality.

We strive to deliver consistently excellent value that customers can feel confident in, by providing an effortless experience that leaves customers feeling heard, understood and empowered.

We believe our most powerful marketing tool is a consistently positive customer experience.

Using customer input to consistently create top notch customer experiences.

Taking an enterprise wide, connected view of our customers, driven by data and insights.

Continuously fostering a culture that puts customers at the center of everything we do.

Our business divisions follow strict protocols to develop responsible, accurate, relevant and high quality products.

Any new product must have review and signoff from risk, legal and marketing to ensure that all quality standards are met and any risks or impacts identified during development phase risk assessments are addressed.

We also have mechanisms for receiving and investigating complaints about our products and implementing corrective action plans.

Likewise, we employ responsible sales and marketing practices in communicating the value of our products and services.

That includes strictly complying with transparency rules.

Within S P Global Ratings, for instance, we provide all required ratings disclosures in the countries where we operate, as well as legal disclosures for our products and services, which often provide high quality independent opinions.

We also have ratings policies and a code of conduct to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic information we receive in connection with each analytical process.

S P Dow Jones Indices has dedicated Index Committees to ensure all indices are appropriately developed, defined and structured, and are regularly reviewed for compliance with our public methodologies as market conditions change.

S P Global Commodity Insights has established a similar separation of functions and policies, to ensure its commodity benchmarks are produced independently, transparently and free from any commercial influence.

In Sustainable1, a governance model is adopted with the separation of core ESG Score methodological activities in relation to commercial functions.

We maintain processes and policies to ensure that all marketing materials are aligned with responsible practices, legal requirements and customer expectations.

Safeguarding customers’ trust starts with protecting their privacy.

We go beyond compliance with legal requirements to ensure all marketing practices strictly enforce our Global Corporate Privacy Policy.

The policy applies to our websites, applications, products, services and events, among other marketing materials.

We believe diversity, equity and inclusion is essential for our business to thrive, and we embed it in our marketing practices.

As an example, we evaluate all advertising and marketing material for gender bias and accessibility prior to publication.

We have dedicated policies to ensure we meet our customers’ expectations and adhere to the highest legal and ethical standards.

For instance, our Social Media Policy strictly prohibits our team members from taking any action that might suggest that the independence and objectivity of our products or services could be improperly influenced by our sales, marketing or other commercial interests.

Failure to comply with our policies may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Data visualization features strongly in our work for both internal and external audiences.

To increase accessibility to people with color blindness, we updated our color palette in 2022 for use in designing data visualization charts and graphics across S P Global business divisions.

In our evolved Data Visualization Color Palette, we outlined the recommended default color order to represent nominal or categorical data.

It consists of colors that are distinct from one another, to maximize a chart’s readability, and we developed the default color order by testing with people with color blindness.

Looking ahead, we plan to continue to improve our graphic design accessibility with a focus on layout and clarity of the information hierarchy, the contrast ratio of colors, typography and alternative fonts and the representation of diverse people in our use of photography and images.

Community impact is core to our purpose at S P Global, and we have always focused our efforts on making a difference by connecting our knowledge and skills with the needs of society.

Through our philanthropic funding and the giving of time and talents by our people, we contribute to the sustainable development of communities around the world.

As we closed the merger with IHS Markit, we took the time to reflect and refine our focus areas for social impact.

We believe these are the areas where we can have the most impact: Diversifying Technology and Data, Creating Environmental Resilience and Building Thriving Communities.

Enhanced the Foundation’s governance structure, including creating investment, nominating and audit subcommittees.

Renewed grants to local partners that align with our refined focus areas and provided exit grants to strategic partners of the past focus areas.

Globalized our funding of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.

Integrated CoRe and Green Teams across the combined organization.

Rolled out a new and enhanced employee volunteerism and contribution technology platform.

We work to diversify the technology and data sector by funding job training and placement opportunities for individuals from underrepresented communities.

We help vulnerable communities adapt to new climate realities and prepare for and rebound from climate related disasters.

Together with our employees, we support communities worldwide by addressing local needs and respecting the uniqueness of every community where we live and work.

The S P Foundation is the keystone of our philanthropic efforts.

Initially funded in 2018 with a 20 million gift from S P Global, the Foundation saw rapid growth in 2020 and 2021, driven by grantmaking to address the global pandemic and racial justice unrest.

In 2022, the Foundation further evolved with the receipt of a 200 million endowment from S P Global.

We streamlined our focus areas for greater impact, with a concentration on diversifying the tech and data sector by funding job training and placement opportunities for individuals from underrepresented communities and creating environmental resilience by helping vulnerable communities adapt to new climate realities and prepare for and rebound from climate disasters.

We also continue to support global disaster relief efforts, as well as racial justice and equity programming.

New York City’s communities suffer from an underinvestment in green space.

Trust for Public Land (TPL) research reveals NYC’s communities of color have 33.5% less park space than whiter neighborhoods low income communities have 21.1% less park space than wealthier neighborhoods and the city has only 2.3 playgrounds per 10,000 residents, below the average for major cities.

S P Global’s grant to the New York City Community Schoolyards program contributed to the opening of five schoolyards serving 29,000 people, including 99% people of color, 77% low income and 650 students with disabilities.

By transforming asphalt playgrounds into green spaces, the projects are intended to improve student education outcomes, community health and climate resiliency.

This project, part of TPL’s partnership with the Mayor’s Extreme Weather Task Force, is located in the Department of Environmental Protection’s priority flood zone and is designed to increase community climate resiliency, by capturing devastating storm water and reducing the heat island effect.

From June through October 2022, record breaking monsoons devastated Pakistan, causing catastrophic flooding and landslides that resulted in the loss of human life and widespread destruction.

The United Nations and its Flash Appeal to support government led emergency response efforts to provide food, water, sanitation, emergency education, protection and health support to people affected by the floods.

Akhuwat, a Pakistan based nongovernmental organization (NGO), which brought immediate relief to thousands of individuals and families by providing meals, ration bags, medical assistance and financial support.

As the devastating war in Ukraine was waged throughout 2022, more than 13 million people were forced to flee their homes, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).

Along with an initial round of grants to the UNHCR and World Central Kitchen to support relief efforts, the S P Global Foundation extended direct grants to an additional six NGOs, namely, Breaking Barriers, International Rescue Committee, Nema Problema, Project HOPE, UN Foundation Ukraine Humanitarian Fund, Upwardly Global, that have a proven record of responding to humanitarian and other types of disasters.

These grants bring the Foundation’s direct grantmaking for Ukraine to more than 1 million in 2022, along with considerable support provided by donations from S P Global colleagues through the Disaster Relief Matching Gift Program.

We continued our efforts to combine philanthropic giving with the talent, time and dedication of our people to make a meaningful impact in the communities we are part of around the world.

In 2022, the company rolled out a new and enhanced employee volunteerism and contribution technology platform, so that colleagues can volunteer for local efforts and donate to worthy causes.

Through our Matching Gift Program, our people can donate to eligible nonprofit organizations of their choice and request a dollar for dollar match for their personal contributions up to 5,000 per employee per calendar year.

The Individual Volunteer Grants program awards 500 per calendar year to any eligible organization with which an employee volunteers a minimum of 25 hours.

The Team Volunteer Grants program extends 1,500 funding support per volunteer project with five or more employee volunteers.

The funding goes directly to the nonprofit organization to support expenses related to the volunteer project.

All eligible colleagues receive 40 hours or 5 days of paid volunteer time off ( Give Back Days ) per calendar year.

BoardLead, led by Cause Strategy Partners, is a board recruitment, placement, training and support initiative designed to prepare individuals for nonprofit board service, introduce them to a nonprofit that fits their passions and commitments, and train them in the responsibilities of these important roles.

Board service is an opportunity for employees to invest skills and talents in meaningful work by stepping into a leadership role that allows them to help chart the strategic direction of an organization and contribute at a high level to its success.

For employees, board service is a unique way to build leadership acumen, hone management and professional skills, learn to make tough strategic decisions applying high ethical and moral standards, and collaborate and network with other leaders.

In 2022, 44 team members were elected to nonprofit boards in London, New York City, Dallas and other U.S. locations.

As the global pandemic began to recede and more people returned to in person activities, the number of hours our people volunteered increased by 60%, to 19,520 volunteer hours.

Our people continued to support our Matching Gift program in strong numbers as well.

In 2022, we provided 4 million in matching gifts, up from 3 million in 2021.

Although our giving and volunteer numbers increased year over year, it is not proportionate to our expanded employee base after the merger.

We are doubling down on our efforts to raise awareness of our employee programs and platforms.

Employees who said, I feel good about the ways we contribute to the community.

Through their actions and initiatives, our Corporate Responsibility (CoRE) and Green teams create a culture of volunteer service and environmental consciousness across our global offices.

In tandem with our merger, in 2022, we integrated the leadership of these teams across the combined company.

As of year end 2022, we have 69 CoRe Team Leaders serving in 29 countries, and 53 Green Team Leaders serving in 26 countries.

Volunteer Projects In 2022, more than 1,900 of our colleagues participated in 284 volunteer events worldwide.

These included 414 colleagues who donated 1,809 hours to 50 projects as part of the efforts of the People Resource Groups.

The nonprofit Common Impact’s day of service brings together teams of employees from multiple companies to use their business skills to help build the capacity of organizations advancing climate justice and racial equity in our communities.

This fall, a team of New York based colleagues volunteered with the Dan River Basin Association, Latin American Coalition, The Climate Mobilization and The Trust for Public Land.

Those surveyed after the event said that it helped them make new connections and develop professionally.

S P Global volunteers from both the Ropemaker and Canary Wharf offices came together to Fish for Plastic with partners the East London Business Alliance (ELBA) and Hubbub.

Volunteers fished along the docklands for plastic, which has become increasingly detrimental to wildlife in recent years.

The group found that bottled water was the largest contributor to plastic waste, driving home the importance of switching to reusable water bottles.

This activity was also dedicated to Marianela Caparros, a colleague who passed away last November, and the team of volunteers was joined by Marianela’s mother and two sisters to plant a message with a native tree in her memory.

The Philippines CoRe team partnered with the nonprofit AHA Learning Center to support underserved Filipino public school students on leadership and self mastery skills with the Best Foot Forward (BFF) mentorship program, for the second consecutive year.

Over six months, 20 colleagues engaged with more than 30 high school students, with an initial impact assessment of the program finding increased confidence and optimism among mentees.

Recognizing that arts and culture are essential components to thriving communities, S P Global is a longtime supporter of organizations that contribute to the vibrancy of the communities where our people live and work.

Our Arts Culture program consists of partnerships with more than 20 renowned organizations, such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and the Denver Botanic Gardens.

Our employees and their guests can enjoy the cultural and enrichment experiences, while our support helps ensure that these key community and cultural organizations are able to sustain their efforts in promoting local arts and culture.

S P Global’s 200 million endowment and refined focus areas bring new opportunities and aspirations for the S P Global Foundation.

We will work toward awarding grants in the new focus areas, implementing skills based volunteering programs with new Foundation grantees and reinstituting grants through our People Resource Groups.

In 2023, the company is focusing on better and deeper engagement across our philanthropic and employee engagement programs.

Pacific and Europe, to help amplify the impact of our local offices and colleagues.

Growing our local Green and CoRe Teams by providing more resources and support.

Increasing internal communications to educate our people on programs, services and systems available to them to make a greater impact in their communities.

Greater distribution and use of participation data to enable more agile planning and strategic support.

Community impact is a key priority in how we accelerate progress, and we continue to deepen and expand our work to build a more inclusive and sustainable world.

S P Global has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, with reference to the GRI Standards, including the requirements specified by GRI 1: Foundation 2021.

The GRI content index includes our material topics and responsible business imperatives.

There are no restatements of information for prior reporting periods.

About S P Global, p. 5 Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management, pp.

About S P Global, p. 5 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp.

As a result of the merger with IHS Markit, total employees grew from 22,850 to more than 39,000, or approximately 70%.

All employee figures are reported as of the end of the reporting period and on the basis of full time equivalent (FTE).

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Corporate Governance and ESG Oversight, p. 8 2023 Proxy Statement, pp.

S P Global’s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee review our annual Impact, DEI and TCFD Reports.

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 10 Community Impact, pp.

S P Global does not publicly report this information at this time.

S P Global defines a corruption incident as one that has been disclosed in its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) public filings.

We experienced zero incidents of corruption in 2022.

S P Global publicly reports tax payments where required by law.

U.S. tax payments are reported in 2022 Form 10 K, pp.

We reward our people commensurate with external market comparators, which is above the minimum wage and regulatory minimums.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Corporate Governance and ESG Oversight, p. 8 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Information has not yet been compiled and verified for the combined company.

Corporate Governance and ESG Oversight, p. 8 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp.

S P Global reported no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with professional integrity for the reporting period.

S P Global does not publicly report a breakdown of employees by these categrories at this time.

Corporate Governance and ESG Oversight, p.8 2023 Proxy Statement, pp.

S P Global poses minor impact on land and ecological sensitivity.

For more information, please see Biodiversity and Natural Capital, pp.

S P Global poses minor impact on water bodies and related habitats.

Our water consumption is reported under Biodiversity and Natural Capital, pp.

We reward our people in line with external market comparators, which is above the minimum wage and regulatory minimums.

Our corporate wide Human Rights Policy demonstrates that respecting human rights is a core value and embedded in the way we do business.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct also outlines our expectations for suppliers related to human rights, anti slavery and child labor.

S P Global does not publicly report this information at this time.