Corporate Responsibility Report2022 Contents03 Introduction05 CEO Letter06 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 22 Corporate Responsibility43 GRI SASB Indices08 Employees16 Customers19 Communities 24 Employees26 Customers28 Communities 35 Climate39 Philanthropy41 Advocacy On cover: Angelica Bagot, owner of Tribal Unicorn Candles, London, UK Intuit’s mission is to power prosperity around the world.

We believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper.

And our more than 17,000 employees never stop working to make that possible.

Our global financial technology platform helps solve our customers’ most important financial problems.

We’re proud that more than 100 million customers turn to our innovative products, including TurboTax, QuickBooks, Credit Karma, and Mailchimp, to help them make more money, eliminate work and drudgery so they can focus on what matters most, and ensure they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make.

Over the last 20 months, Intuit acquired both Credit Karma and Mailchimp, which have only helped us to better support the customers and communities we serve.

The work of powering prosperity goes beyond our products.

Around the world, people struggle to make ends meet.

And climate change continues to be one of the most immediate challenges of our time.

Intuit is committed to using our products, unique expertise, and scale to have a positive impact on underserved communities around the world.

We do this by investing in people both employees at Intuit and the communities around us.

Delivering on our mission starts with our enduring commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI).

Innovation thrives in a workplace of employees with a wide range of life experiences, and in an empathy driven culture that allows them to bring their whole selves to work.

Our people guide our collective actions to help solve some of the pressing socioeconomic and climate issues affecting communities worldwide.

Our commitment to increasing DEI goes beyond our own workforce, as we've embedded DEI as a focus in our corporate responsibility strategy, from our products to third party supply chain programs.

We aim to be transparent in this report about our progress, where we’ve met our goals, where there’s still more work to do, and what our plans are for achieving our unmet goals.

We’re committed to taking global action and working collaboratively with nonprofits, non governmental organizations (NGOs), and others in the private sector to address the SDGs that focus on education, equality for all, and protecting the planet.

Sustainable Development GoalsDiversity, Equity, and InclusionSustainabilityAllJob CreationJob ReadinessWe procure wind energy from local projects to power our Texas office campus.04 Introduction Intuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report communities, job readiness to better prepare individuals for today’s jobs, and having a positive impact on climate including setting new science based net zero emission targets.

For DEI, our goal is to increase diverse representation in our organization and to have equitable policies and practices.

I am proud that we have made progress across all of these goals.

This report details the advancement against those goals and how our commitment to communities is embedded into our culture.

I firmly believe that the shared passion among our more than 17,000 employees is a key driver in helping Intuit continue to grow and thrive as a company, and make a more meaningful impact on society.

There are no easy answers, but we must face these challenges head on if we hope to create a better future and we are eager and excited to be part of the solution.

Our team will continue to discover new and better solutions that create shared value for Intuit, our customers, and the communities we serve.

The pandemic accelerated many trends and propelled us into a new era of challenges.

The people and communities we serve are experiencing economic volatility, societal inequality, and a growing climate crisis.

At Intuit, we embrace these challenges and view them as an opportunity to deliver on our mission to power prosperity around the world.

That work starts with our global AI driven expert platform, which helps consumers and small businesses solve their biggest financial problems.

To truly deliver on our mission and live our values, we will always strive to leave the world a better place than how we found it, and to give everyone the opportunity to prosper.

Three years ago, we set Bold Goals to ensure we deliver on making a meaningful impact on our customers and communities.

We declared that by 2025, we’ll double the household savings rate of our customers and we’ll improve the success rate of small businesses on our platform by 10% over the national average.

We also refreshed our True North Goals that align the company internally around what matters most.

These goals are focused on employees, customers, communities, and shareholders.

We added measurable goals related to our specific corporate responsibility efforts and our focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI).

Our corporate responsibility strategy includes a focus on three areas: job creation to provide economic opportunities to underservedSasan Goodarzi CEO, Intuit05 Introduction Intuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report DIVERSITY, EQUITY, and INCLUSION Kim, Mint and Credit Karma consumer, with her mom.

At Intuit, we believe we have a responsibility to help create a more equitable and inclusive world.

We’ve held this belief since our founding, and DEI has always served as a foundation for our company, and corporate responsibility strategy.

It’s embedded in our values and how we operate as a company.

DEI is part of our DNA and the lifeblood of the work we do.

It’s how our employees stay connected and engaged while being empowered to do the best work of their lives as they solve our customers’ most important challenges.

It’s how our customers gain fair and equitable access to the financial technology platform they need to power their prosperity.

And it’s how the communities in which we live and work benefit through targeted philanthropy and community based partnerships.

Our commitment to DEI is so strong we’ve made it part of our company’s True North Goals, which we set annually and are a critical part of how we run the company.

In FY22, as part of our True North Goals, we committed to increasing the percentage of women in our technology roles from 30% to 33%.

We also committed to increasing our representation of employees from underrepresented racial groups (URG) in the U.S. to 14.5%.

It’s exciting that not only did we meet both goals, we saw the representation of women increase across all our key workforce dimensions, including leadership.

While we’re proud of the work we’ve accomplished, we know there’s always more to do.

And we’re committed to building on our momentum in FY23 and beyond.

This report highlights our deep commitment to DEI and the role it plays in how we serve our employees, customers, and communities.

Our DEI journey for employees includes recruiting top diverse talent as we increase representation and fostering an inclusive work environment.

Through our diverse and inclusive culture, we develop deeper empathy for our customers, which accelerates our innovation and ability to better serve them.

Finally, our commitment to developing partnerships with underrepresented groups helps strengthen our impact on the communities where we live and work.

This report highlights our targets, progress against those targets, and the opportunities ahead.

EmployeesAt Intuit, our commitment to support DEI is taken into account at every step in the employee journey, starting before we even speak with potential candidates and continuing from employee onboarding throughout their tenure with us.

The goal is to ensure employees can bring their whole selves to work, where everyone benefits from diverse perspectives and talents.

This empowers employees to do the best work of their lives, while making an impact, learning and developing, and feeling connected.

A diverse and inclusive environment starts with representation.

We achieve this by increasing our talent pipeline, which leads to representation across all levels of the organization.

We also focus on equitable talent practices and policies, which address pay equity, performance management, and promotions.

Throughout their Intuit journey, we also support our employees by providing equity training to continuously foster a more inclusive and engaged culture.

We focus on diversity recruiting and representation to add more women in technology roles globally, as well as add more employees from underrepresented racial groups (URGs)2 in the U.S. We approach this commitment by diversifying how we identify, assess, and hire employees.

We also continue to invest in building our diverse hiring capability and infrastructure to support our representation goals.

As part of our URG recruiting efforts, we’re investing in more than 15 external DEI partnerships.

By working with new partners, we’re strengthening our pipeline.

Many of these partnerships include professional Black, Latino Hispanic, and Indigenous Peoples associations, as well as historically Black colleges and universities.

We also support our female technologists through the Grace Hopper Celebration the world’s largest conference for women in computing.

This celebrated gathering is how we build our brand as an employer of choice for women in technology, as well as recruit talent for our technical teams.

In 2021, 126 Intuit technologists attended the event as part of their professional development.

Another example is our Intuit Again program which helps technologists resume their careers after taking a break for caregiving purposes.

The program targets mid career technologists and runs from four to six months, featuring upskilling, career development, and mentoring.

On average, at the end of the program each year, Intuit offers 69% of participants full time technical roles.

We first introduced Intuit Again in India in 2015 to tap into the country’s vast pool of talent.

We expanded the program to the U.S. in 2018, and Israel will join the program in FY23.

FY2021FY202230%33%Within Intuit’s technology organization40%42%Across the company, inclusive of technical roles 35%39%Among executives (directors and above)Female gender representation at Intuit56%56%CEO direct staff33%33%Board of Directors2 Underrepresented racial groups (URG) include Latino Hispanic, Black or African American, Native American, and Alaska and Hawaii Native.

For the second year in a row, Intuit partnered with AnitaB.org and Treehouse, an online coding learning platform, to host the Apprenticeship Pathway Program.

As part of this program, we continue to invest in tech talent, especially those who wouldn't typically enter the field.

The seven month, intensive program dispels the myth that having a computer science degree is the only pathway to a technology career.

It’s uniquely tailored to those who have a general interest in technology but haven’t previously worked in a tech focused role.

The program helps apprentices learn specific technical skills such as coding, receive dedicated mentorship from Intuit developers, and work on real world projects.

Intuit is leading by example and is at the forefront of driving real change across the tech industry today.

Through the apprenticeship program that we established in partnership with Intuit and Treehouse, we are working to increase representation of historically excluded individuals in tech.

I now have greater control over my future and feel more secure and at peace.

There’s so much room to grow my career, and through all the amazing resources and investment in me, I feel connected to the people, the culture, and the company.

And I’m doing work that I’ve long dreamed of, which is life changing.

We’ve implemented industry best practices aimed at driving representation at all key steps in our hiring process.

For example, we expect at least one woman and at least one person from a URG (in the U.S.) to be present on both candidate slates and assessor panels during the interview process.

This practice creates a more diverse experience for candidates.

Once a job candidate has identified Intuit as a company to explore, we make sure the interview experience reflects our commitment to racial equity.

As part of this commitment, we rely on our Assessing for Awesome program to evaluate candidates fairly.

We provide them the opportunity to perform a task or demonstrate a strategy, similar to the way they would on the job.

They present their work to a small interview team who assesses their ability to think creatively with a solutions focus.

We’re continuing to increase the number of underrepresented employees who are certified to serve as neutral and objective assessors on interview teams.

In the U.S., our URG employees represent 11% of the assessor community, while women make up 38%.

For FY23, we’ll increase our assessor capability and continue to evolve the interview process to reduce harmful bias.

When I applied to Intuit, I was excited about making a pivot in my career that aligned with my personal and professional interests.

The entire interviewing process was amazing I truly felt like they wanted to get to know me, and I was excited to see a senior level Black woman on my panel.

Recruiting new talent is the first part of our DEI strategy.

The second part is ensuring our work culture invites everyone to express their authentic selves.

For example, our employees can voluntarily declare their chosen names, personal pronouns, and gender identity in our HR systems.

These names, pronouns, and identities are reflected across their employee benefits records and are visible in our productivity tools such as Zoom, Slack, and Slido.

These self identification enhancements help employees feel safe and accepted in their daily work and feel that they belong.

We also provide our managers with resources and guidelines to help them feel confident discussing identity and supporting all employees.

Cultural and religious dress is part of the human experience and we fully embrace and support this at our Intuit sites worldwide.

We introduced an updated policy in October 2021 to formally state to employees that we support bringing their whole selves to work.

Since introducing the new policy, we’ve no longer received dress code inquiries.

For FY23, we’re working with our technology suppliers to expand their capabilities to recognize nonbinary gender identities, so we’re able to fully scale our inclusive experience across multiple internal systems.

Inclusion ensures underrepresented and marginalized people are heard, and for the third year running, Intuit’s Trans Summit did just that elevating, amplifying, and celebrating transgender and nonbinary voices.

Inspired and led by our Pride employee resource group, this was the tech industry’s first transgender summit when it launched in 2020.

This year, more than 600 people from both inside and outside Intuit attended, including representatives from Adobe, Microsoft, Accenture, Starbucks, and others from all over the U.S. and as far away as Finland.

The daylong event included remarks from Intuit CEO Sasan Goodarzi, a cross company panel to discuss how different workplaces support transgender employees, advocacy workshops, and a special session on emotional intelligence.

The event also showcased a roundtable with the GenderCool Project, a youth led movement sharing positive stories from transgender and nonbinary youth.

Intuit is deeply concerned by the various legislative and executive actions targeting the LGBTQ community.

We continue to closely monitor states where we have an employee base to ensure our employees’ safety, health, and well being.

We underscored this commitment to equal rights by announcing at the Trans Summit a 500,000 donation to the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE), and we offered a 2:1 employee donation match, which raised nearly 19,000 more for the NCTE, Transgender Law Center, and Gender Justice.

There was a time when I thought I was the only trans person at Intuit.

But as our community grew, we realized there were healthcare gaps that affected us all.

It was so clear that Intuit supported trans rights.

The Trans Summit started as something small and has continued to grow.

And everywhere I turn, my colleagues are committed to giving trans folks not only a place to work but a place to be their complete selves.

No company is perfect, but Intuit is pretty close.

To positively impact the experiences of our top talent from URGs, we piloted a career sponsorship program in FY22.

The purpose of the program was to actively open doors, create opportunities for visibility, and advocate for those being sponsored to help maximize their career growth and potential.

Specifically, we asked our CEO, leaders reporting to the CEO, and select vice presidents to become sponsors.

They identified and worked closely with a group of senior managers and directors, with a focus on engagement, career development, internal mobility moves, and promotions.

Of those sponsored:50%expanded their roles83%more than 83% are at Intuit a year later40%are included in leadership succession plans As a sponsee, I had the opportunity to engage with leaders across Intuit.

It was an amazing experience and it gave me a broader view of the business.

My sponsor helped leaders get to know me and advocated on my behalf.

It was a very exciting time to move from a director to a VP.

Our employee resource groups (ERGs) have a long history at Intuit, building an understanding of, and empathy for, our employees and customers around the world who have a broad range of life experiences.

We’re proud of our ERGs’ commitment to providing supportive environments for their members and allies.

This year, we introduced our newest ERG, the Silver Network, which focuses on the interests and needs of older workers.

And, as we reported in last year’s report, we introduced the Indigenous Peoples Network in early FY22.

Throughout the year, while working virtually, our ERGs ensured there was no shortage of activities to bring people together, including community volunteerism opportunities, hosting external speakers, as well as intersectional and cultural celebrations.

In FY22, three of our ERGs including the Intuit Latinos, Military, and Asia Pacific Networks came together to develop and pilot an ERG sponsored mentorship program.

The program’s goal is to accelerate the development of future leaders by sharing expertise, skills, perspectives, and leadership values through networking and collaboration opportunities.

Building on the pilot’s success, we’ll launch mentorship more broadly in FY23.

Intuit’s 14 ERGs have a strong reach, with participation from nearly a quarter of our related workforce.

Project, an organization that trains and mentors Black male youth in technology creation, entrepreneurship, and leadership skills.

The Find Your Why workshop helped 40 young men from high schools in Inglewood and Compton, California, learn about goal setting and career planning.

Network raised about 15,000 in matching donations for organizations focused on helping Afghan refugees and displaced people.

Hues, a Mailchimp employee resource group, hosted a community gathering of current and former employees in the Atlanta, Georgia area.

This was in support of his Paint N Sit activity, designed to bring people together after the height of the pandemic.

We support our employees so they can do their best work.

That’s why we offer assistive technology such as screen readers, magnification, reading enhancements, task managers, and ergonomic desks and keyboards.

Our Accessibility team welcomes every new employee with an email introducing our commitment to employees and customers, our ERGs, and with links to resources about accessibility and inclusion at Intuit.

We recently updated our interview process for technology candidates to create a more equitable experience.

The new process, which was developed by a team that included neurodivergent colleagues, allows candidates to share their personal preferences for coding, communication, and interview format.

Our Intuit Abilities Network created a learning module to help employees learn more about neurodiversity and inclusivity.

Because of our support of employees from the first interview to onboarding and beyond, we’ve created a work environment where our employees can thrive.

To help us understand how they’re experiencing inclusion and belonging, we ask them to complete a DEI survey once a year.

This informs our long term DEI strategy and helps us understand where we have opportunities to take action and improve.

For example, we ask our employees if they have a sense of belonging at Intuit.

Our Belonging Score for the FY22 DEI survey ranks Intuit in the top 10% of our industry benchmarks.

This score is an outcome of a variety of factors and demonstrates a culture of inclusion.

We’re proud of this accomplishment and are heartened to know that our employees overwhelmingly feel supported and appreciated by their teammates and managers.

Intuit adheres to equitable talent practices and policies to mitigate bias in performance management, pay, and promotions.

These best practices also apply to the development of female tech talent and our URG employees.

Our pay equity analysis is key to bringing clarity to our equity goals, ongoing work, and progress.

Twice a year, we conduct a survey through a third party vendor to review all job codes in which we have a sufficient number of employees for analysis, and those employees have the same or similar job duties and compensation mix.

We then compare base pay by gender and ethnicity, while factoring in location and time spent in the role, and make adjustments when there are unexplained statistical differences.

As of August 1, 2022, none of the identified job codes had statistically significant differences in pay between employees of different gender or between race ethnicity in the U.S. Top10%ranked among our peers in employee belongingSanya, product manager at Intuit15 Diversity, Equity, and InclusionIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report CustomersAt Intuit, creating a culture of inclusion and embedding equity throughout our processes is foundational to how we best serve our customers.

We seek to foster a workforce that’s as diverse as the customers we serve.

When we do this, we believe we develop deeper empathy, accelerating innovation to solve the biggest problems our customers face.

We’re committed to creating inclusive products, while incorporating DEI in our business practices.

Some examples include developing marketing and branding materials that speak to our entire target customer base including minority owned small and medium sized businesses and working to ensure our suppliers are part of our DEI commitment.

We continue to make progress in our ongoing initiative to apply inclusive design principles.

Since FY21, we’ve made adjustments to products, training materials, marketing, and customer support resources.

For example, our marketing campaigns reflect the diversity of our small business customers.

We've also removed harmful language that has historical roots in racism, oppression, and appropriation, as well as gendered language.

From a customer standpoint, our product development teams are exploring and experimenting with ideas for improving the QuickBooks and TurboTax experiences for customers who have long COVID.

In the spring of 2022, the World Health Organizationand other health authorities officially recognized this as a disability, inspiring us to look into how we can adapt our products.

Our teams have made progress embedding accessibility into our design requirements and code reviews.

Over the past 12 months, our teams have driven significant accessibility improvements, including delivering an 86% reduction in accessibility issues for an 82% improvement in quality score on our websites.

To ensure our partners reflect the customers we serve, we encourage our team members to support diverse suppliers.

For example, in FY22, our marketing and communications team began applying new principles when selecting our outside suppliers.

They now require account teams at media agencies that support Intuit, and teams that support our advertising production, to represent a diverse slate of talent.

Specifically, all teams supporting Intuit must include at least one female team member and, in the U.S., one Black, Latino Hispanic, Indigenous Person, or Pacific Islander team member.

Team members must also have meaningful responsibilities that fully leverage their expertise and diversity of perspective to serve our customers.

In a recent example, we applied this model in the production of our TurboTax commercial during Super Bowl LVI.

Nostalgia Coffee Roasters is female owned and supports LGBTQ, women owned, and minority farmers.

When we had our mobile cafe, they became our first corporate client.

They believed in our mission and our approach to coffee.

They were also willing to take a chance on a new small business with no track record.

When we were ready to scale up and move beyond our mobile business in FY22, we quickly grew throughout San Diego, California.

Intuit was again by our side, becoming our first wholesale client.

They purchased our coffee to share in their San Diego breakrooms.

And because we’ve used QuickBooks from day one, we’ve never had to worry about the what ifs’ that can break a business.

What if we get audited What if we need complete financials to secure a loan What if we need our monthly financials ASAP With Intuit and QuickBooks, we have what we need with zero headaches.

Supporting and investing in diverse suppliers through our operations is critical.

Our new Supplier DEI and Social Impact program reflects this commitment.

In FY22, it had a tremendous impact on diverse owned businesses and small business growth.

It’s currently focused in the U.S., with plans to expand globally in FY23.

Since January 2022, we’ve achieved success by helping our employees select diverse and small business suppliers through our enhanced Amazon Business guided buying experience.

When employees shop for office supplies and peripherals, they can easily identify and prioritize purchasing from certified small and diverse businesses as Intuit’s preferred sellers.

We’ve increased our overall spending with diverse and small businesses on Amazon Business from 6% to 29%.

To help our small business suppliers succeed, we accelerated the timing of their payment terms to 10 days or less.

This was critical, since small business suppliers typically need to be paid faster than larger firms to run their business.

This year, Intuit spent 312M with about 550 diverse and small businesses, an increase of 24M year over year.

An added bonus is that 29% of our U.S. suppliers purchased an Intuit product in the past year.

In FY22, we invited 16 of our small business URG customers to showcase their products to our employees.

From chocolate confections to fine milled soap to artisan pottery, our employees discovered new businesses to support, while our customers inspired them with their stories of creativity and determination.

Continue to offer these events It's a great reminder of why we do what we do to support these inspiring business owners.

Anonymous survey respondent6% 29% 24Mincrease in percentage spend with diverse and small businesses on Amazon Businessin increased spendingShadi Bakour, CEO and founder of Pathwater, with team member in Fremont, CADEI in action18 Diversity, Equity, and InclusionIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report CommunitiesOur commitment to DEI doesn’t stop with our employees and customers.

We’re dedicated to fostering DEI in the communities where we work and live.

As part of this work, we develop and nurture a network of partnerships with organizations focused on and led by historically underrepresented groups.

We encourage and support employees to pursue the philanthropy they’re passionate about, and we have a clear strategy as to how we embed our DEI priorities into advocacy and government relations to influence the areas that matter most to our employees and customers.

And through our direct philanthropy, we strive to ensure our efforts are spread equitably, especially within communities that need it most.

In alignment with We Care and Give Back, one of our longest standing values of supporting the communities around us, we offer employees paid time off to volunteer.

We also provide matching donations for approved nonprofits.

We encourage employees to donate and give their time where it’s most needed.

In the U.S., our employee volunteer and giving program is supported by the Intuit Foundation, a nonprofit organization that promotes, enhances, and finances employee led charitable activities.

Through the foundation, Intuit matches contributions by U.S. employees to any vetted 501(c)(3) nonprofit up to 5,000 per year.

We empower employees to make an even larger impact through our double match for issues with a big, immediate impact on society.

In response to legislation impacting the LGBTQ community, we donated 500,000 to the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE).

We then double matched employee donations to the NCTE, Transgender Law Center, and Gender Justice, raising nearly 19,000.

And in response to recent hate motivated violence across the U.S., we made charitable contributions to local Buffalo Food Bank FeedMore WNY, Stop AAPI Hate, and the Southern Poverty Law Center to support victims of hate crimes.

Intuit's generous funding support has been central to Stop AAPI Hate’s national impact.

Bloom Season is an award winning program from our Mailchimp team that provides resources to help entrepreneurs of color realize their ambitions and rewrite the blueprint for small business success.

It includes learning from firsthand experiences, actionable business insights, wellness, and the future of Black entrepreneurship.The Forward Project is a 750,000, three year grant program that is helping a cohort of traditionally overlooked social enterprises accelerate their community impact work in metro Atlanta, Georgia the location of Mailchimp HQ.

To award grants, we worked with an investment committee composed of more than a dozen external community experts.

Our Mailchimp team also supports the Courier Fresh Fund, which provides cash grants for Black business owners in the U.K. and U.S. who have great ideas to start or grow a business.

Sponsored by Mailchimp’s magazine Courier, the 150,000 fund received more than 600 applications in FY22.

Of the 10 winners, each received between 10,000 and 20,000, one on one mentorship from a Mailchimp founder, and a series of classes.D AD: Yellow Pencil for Branding awardMUSE Creative: Three Platinum awardsMUSE Creative: Gold awardADC: Bronze Cube for Publication DesignHonorable mention, 2022 The Webby AwardsBLOOM SEASON AWARDSKhalid, operations manager of Portrait Coffee, Atlanta, GA. Photo by Samuel Trotter.20 Diversity, Equity, and InclusionIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report Our journey toward racial equityFY20: In response to the murder of George Floyd, we established the Racial Equity Advancement Leadership team (a group of Black employees) dedicated to understanding the nuance of the Black employee experience and providing meaningful counsel to our DEI strategy.

FY21: We invited more than 1,000 of our leaders, including our CEO and CEO staff, to racial equity training.

The goal was to help them develop a clear understanding of the barriers created by structural racism, as well as enhance their ability to advance racial equity efforts in their respective areas of the business.

FY22: Our leaders completed racial equity training and are better prepared to serve as equity role models and change agents.

We also piloted unconscious bias training with more than 200 employees.

Throughout FY22, our DEI and People and Places teams continued to look for ways to reduce bias in our processes by better understanding how it could appear in our practices.

They worked in partnership with our Racial Equity Advancement Leadership team, who served as advisors to help prioritize the most important areas to address.

FY23 and beyond: We will continue our journey as our work to achieve racial equity will never be done.

Our efforts in FY23 include further scaling of our racial equity and unconscious bias training, and continuing to evolve our policies and practices.Intuit employees, Neferae and Steven, at State of the Company event.21 Diversity, Equity, and InclusionIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITYDavid Zasada, VP of corporate responsibility for Intuit, delivering backpacks for children.

Intuit’s mission is to power prosperity around the world, especially for those who need it most.

We are a purpose driven company and our values define and drive the actions we take.

Our corporate responsibility strategy is focused on three core areas: job creation, job readiness, and having a positive impact on climate.

But our corporate responsibility work extends beyond these priority areas and is integrated into the fabric of the company and our strategy.

Intuit and our employees share a collective passion for corporate responsibility and we’re committed to using our products, services, unique expertise, and scale to have a positive impact on our employees, customers, and underserved communities around the world.Allyson, high school student at Intuit led Innovation Challenge in San Diego, CA.23 Corporate ResponsibilityIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report EmployeesThe greatest strength of Intuit is our people.

The success of the company starts with our enduring commitment to support employees with the resources they need to live their values, do the best work of their lives, and prosper.

People prosper when they feel secure, safe, and supported and that’s why Intuit is committed to doing all we can to help ensure the health and safety of all our employees.

Even with the advent of vaccines and other treatments, COVID continues to be a major health concern that’s reshaping the way we work and live.

To meet this challenge, Intuit has continued to deliver ongoing pandemic support to our employees to ensure their safety and well being.We provide employees with everything they need to work comfortably and productively from home from furniture to equipment.

And we offer up to 100 reimbursement for monthly internet costs for eligible U.S. employees.

The pandemic amplified the need for mental health resources.

Our long standing Employee Assistance Program provides 12 free confidential counseling sessions each year.

We have mindfulness webinars, both live and on demand, to help employees stay grounded during stressful times.

We also offer employees the Whil digital platform, which features more than 1,250 different sessions with expert trainers to increase mindfulness.

In the spring of 2022, the World Health Organization (WHO) and other health authorities officially recognized long COVID (PASC) as a disability.

This formalized its significance and ensured employees receive workplace accommodations if they suffer from symptoms, which can range from mild brain fog to fatigue to forgetfulness that can last for months.

Intuit’s global accessibility leader, Ted Drake, was an early advocate for workplace accommodations.

Months before the WHO recognized long COVID as a disability, Ted hosted an internal forum to learn from employees who might be experiencing longer recoveries from the disease.

Through key learnings, he charted a simplified path for employees needing extra support.

In addition to workplace accommodations required by law, Intuit responded to employees experiencing symptoms from long COVID with support ranging from accommodating flex schedules to encouraging employees to use COVID specific paid time off benefits.

This past year was a time of transition for Intuit employees as they moved from working fully virtual to a hybrid model.

Intuit has navigated the constantly changing dynamics of COVID to ensure employee health and safety, and has successfully reopened all of our global offices.

Workspaces are being reimagined to create inclusive environments that inspire collaboration between the office and virtual worlds.

This includes introducing Intuit’s new team neighborhood concept, where flex seating and hybrid friendly collaboration spaces are arranged to accommodate teams.

In FY22, Intuit introduced 2,100 flex seats at 14 sites, with more than 2,500 users and 75 hybrid collaboration spaces.

Employees’ health and well being is and always has been Intuit’s top priority.

We have a longstanding commitment to providing comprehensive healthcare options to our employees, including reproductive health benefits, regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual identity, or sexual orientation.

We stand by our commitment to accessibility of healthcare, particularly in light of various U.S. state laws and legal rulings over the past year.

We’ve stayed committed to giving teams the autonomy to decide when and how they work best, which supports higher productivity and innovation to solve our customers’ problems.

We’re experimenting to learn and iterate on this hybrid way of working as we reimagine the future of work and empower employees to do the best work of their lives.

Intuit’s hybrid working model brings together the best of virtual work and in person connections and collaboration.

This model allows for flexibility for employees to come to the office two to three days a week on average, and provides autonomy for individual teams to establish the best balance of when to come in and when to work virtually.

Fully virtual work during the pandemic leveled the playing field from a collaboration perspective, as everyone was calling in from their computer and was in the same room.

This resulted in the company ensuring that inclusion was a key principle of our hybrid work model, so diverse voices could be brought together to solve our customers’ problems.

To support its hybrid workplace, we’ve invested in collaboration technology such as digital whiteboards, updated video cameras, enhanced sound technology, and new video conference touch panels.

These updates encourage seamless, inclusive collaboration between employees working from home and the office.

We also know that healthcare decisions are complex and deeply personal.

As a company, we aim to give space for employees to have different perspectives.

To support our employees’ ability to access comprehensive healthcare options, we made changes to our U.S. medical plans to ensure employees are able to access health services in other states if they’re not able to or are concerned about access in the state where they reside.

Our commitment to our employees' health and the accessibility of healthcare extends to cancer treatment, reproductive healthcare, bariatric services, gender affirming care, and more, to ensure employees have access to the same health services regardless of where they live.

CustomersToday, our customers face many challenges, ranging from economic volatility to social inequities to a new workplace landscape created by the pandemic.

Inflation and supply chain issues also continue to impact consumers and small businesses alike.

Intuit is committed to taking action and leveraging our platform to deliver innovative solutions to support consumers and small businesses, now when they need us more than ever.

We believe that we’re only successful when the customers we serve are successful.

We know so many people are facing major financial challenges, and these challenges aren’t evenly dispersed.

We’ve declared Bold Goals for how we'll measure the positive impact we aim to have on the lives of the people we serve.

We’re proud to report that we’ve made progress toward achieving these two goals: 69% of businesses who have used QuickBooks at some point survive beyond their fifth year and although we saw a significant decline in the U.S. household savings rate in FY22, the household savings rate of Intuit customers was 13% in that timeframe, which was approximately 1.8 times the national average.4Too many people struggle to make ends meet and continue to live paycheck to paycheck.

In the U.S., 64% live paycheck to paycheck and 56% are unable to cover a 1,000 emergency expense.

We work to put more money in people’s pockets and help them keep it longer and we’ve declared a Bold Goal of doubling our customers’ household savings rate by 2025.

Too many small businesses fail, dashing the dreams of their owners and hurting the communities they're part of.

According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, only 50% of small businesses survive past their fifth year.

We’re working to help more small businesses grow and thrive and we’ve declared the goal that we’ll improve the success rate of small businesses on our platform by 10% over the national average by 2025.

Across our platform, we’re committed to innovating and using our products to help power prosperity for those who need it most.

TurboTax Tax Assistance: We’ve continued our commitment to helping lower income taxpayers to file their taxes for free.

QuickBooks Capital: Small businesses continue to have difficulty accessing funding to sustain operations, invest in growth, and thrive.

With a unique view into a business’s financial health, QuickBooks Capital makes it easier for small businesses to access capital to support and grow their business.

In FY22, QuickBooks Capital enabled 1.3B in loans, a 3x increase over FY21.

We were able to increase the number of small businesses we helped, with a 72% increase in QuickBooks Capital eligible customers compared to FY21, with industry low defaults due to superior risk models.

She shared with us that her business went from 60 to 10,000 weekly orders.

So she turned to QuickBooks Capital in order to make payroll, expand operations and manufacturing, and distribute a huge jump in orders.

We gave 1.5 Million in grants to Volunteer Income Tax Assistance programs to support lower income taxpayers.

We provided opportunities for their clients and others to file for free with TurboTax through virtual taxpayer assistance that served taxpayers who don’t live near community based programs, as well as community college students and youth aging out of foster care in California.

We provided 150,000 in funding and technical assistance for the expansion of self file initiatives in Canada through partnerships with Prosper Canada, Woodgreen Community Services, and other community volunteer income tax assistance programs.

We promoted a national tax time savings campaign with SaverLife that resulted in 16,000 people pledging to save a total of 17M in tax refunds.

Our work with SaverLife also resulted in another 71,000 lower income taxpayers learning about tax credits and opportunities to prepare their returns for free, as well as instruction that helped them set and achieve specific financial goals.

Credit Karma: Millions of Americans struggle with their finances.

They take on high levels of debt and pay excessive costs for financial products, with no clear understanding of their options.

Our members turn to us for help with many of their financial needs from home loans and auto insurance to checking and savings accounts and mortgages.

Credit Builder is a simple way to build credit while saving, for free.

When a member signs up for a Credit Builder plan, they receive a line of credit from a Credit Karma partner and commit to making regular monthly payments to themselves into a locked savings account as little as 20 a month.

That 20 is then processed as a payment toward the line of credit and reported to the bureaus.

This is how they can build their credit and save money at the same time.

When they reach their plan goal, the locked funds can be transferred into the member’s Credit Karma Money account.

Karma Drive: People with poor credit pay more than twice as much for their auto insurance compared to those with excellent credit and the same exact driving record.

Our Karma Drive program aims to address this problem head on.

Karma Drive supports usage based insurance that tracks driving behavior via a smartphone, with rates set based on driving skills.

Karma Drive levels the playing field for lower credit consumers by giving them access to discounts for their safe driving habits.

Credit Karma Money: Through TurboTax, eligible members are able to immediately access a portion of their tax refund with Credit Karma Money within seconds of the IRS accepting their tax return, providing a significant financial benefit to customers, many of whom count their tax refund as their largest paycheck of the year.

CommunitiesDelivering on our mission of powering prosperity in communities is a multi faceted effort.

To help underserved communities, we need to help spark economic opportunity through jobs and community investment, as well as help prepare people with the skills they need to succeed in the future.

Because of our scale and expertise, Intuit has a unique opportunity to make a difference in the communities that need it most by focusing our resources on job creation and job readiness.

Talent is dispersed equally, but opportunity is not.

Rapid technological, environmental, and societal shifts are driving rising inequality in communities across the globe.

This is causing a lack of job opportunities in many communities today.

Intuit’s Prosperity Hub Program works to address these challenges by creating job opportunities in underserved communities.

Prosperity Hubs are designed to spark economic prosperity through physical and virtual call centers and provide an economic boost for those living in these communities.

The program initially launched in specific underserved locations to build concentrated job growth and spark community economic growth.

We reimagined our Prosperity Hub Program strategy in 2019 to increase the scale and impact we can have on communities by expanding to include virtual roles and virtual job centers in underserved ZIP codes.

We were already in progress of shifting to virtual solutions when the pandemic accelerated this shift.

Today we support growth and sustain talent through a virtual workforce.

Working with key customer success partner employers, we hire, train, and retain talent to provide domain and product expertise supporting QuickBooks and TurboTax.

As we continue to grow as a company, we’ll continue to increase hiring for these virtual jobs supporting our Customer Success team in underserved communities across the globe.

The Virtual Expert Network is a key way we deliver on our strategy to be a global AI driven expert platform and on our mission of powering prosperity, while also creating new career possibilities in underserved communities.

One of the biggest challenges facing our millions of global customers is having confidence in the financial decisions they make.

Intuit is solving this problem by building a worldwide network of experts who provide one on one support for customers.

This growing network of virtual experts, which includes our Customer Success support teams, are employed by either Intuit or trusted partners.

Directed 115M in payroll payments through partners to virtual jobs in underserved communities.

These jobs contribute to our overall progress against our FY25 goal of maintaining 26,000 virtual seasonal and year round jobs in underserved communities globally.

Being a mother of five underage children made work very difficult.

Finding daycare or finding the right schedule was almost impossible.

Working from home allows their home schedule to remain the same as well as having me in the household.

We’ve seen firsthand the role education can play in preparing students to enter the workforce and manage their financial futures.

Understanding taxes, building a functional budget, learning accounting, exploring possible career options, and using critical thinking to address life’s challenges head on are skills that have to be developed over time and are crucial for a successful and prosperous future.

No matter what career path someone takes, they need finance and career skills to succeed.

Together these skills create job readiness for individuals, and education should start before an individual enters adulthood to help them develop the skills and habits they’ll need for the future.

QuickBooks, and Mailchimp and Design for Delight (D4D), our design thinking methodology to problem solving.

Together, these real world tools build skills that empower students to enter adulthood equipped with what they’ll need to manage their money and approach challenges creatively, regardless of their starting place.

We’re laying the groundwork to better prepare people for the job market by integrating our programs into classrooms to help students, adult learners, and entrepreneurs develop the finance and career skills they need to succeed.

Our programs also support teachers in their ongoing efforts to teach these critical topics in their curriculum and beyond.

However, today too many students aren’t receiving this education through their school system and they will enter adulthood at a disadvantage.

Students living in underserved communities have limited access to financial education programs, entrepreneurial training, and other resources that prepare them for the future.

During the 2021 2022 school year in the U.S., nearly one in four high school students had guaranteed access to personal finance courses.

This inequitable distribution of personal finance education perpetuates the existing socioeconomic gaps in our communities.

Intuit is also addressing this challenge through our job readiness efforts that include our Prosperity Hub School District Program and our strategic partnerships, focused on financial literacy, entrepreneurship, and durable skills development.

In FY22, we expanded our Prosperity Hub School District Program to partner with 21 school districts across nine countries and have now better prepared 1,268,967 students for jobs since the program began.

Our job readiness work focuses on three areas: finance skills, career skills such as critical thinking and collaboration, and career education that showcases career pathways through internships and mentorships.

Finance skills: We start by introducing students to the basics of finance knowledge through Intuit’s Financial Literacy Foundations coursework.

Then, using real world tools, including QuickBooks and TurboTax, combined with Intuit’s expertise, curriculum, and financial simulations, we help students build habits to increase financial acumen.

Intuit’s Financial Literacy Foundations coursework: online curriculum helps students build a strong foundation of financial skills and confidence to prepare them for a prosperous future.

It includes personal finance, financial literacy, financial resilience, college finances, retirement savings, and small business accounting.

TurboTax: With our partner, EVERFI, Intuit helps provide real world skills by offering a TurboTax Simulation that prepares students with the skills and confidence to file their taxes for themselves and their families.

Intuit Prosperity Hub School District Scholarship Program: FY22, Intuit awarded 50,000 to 20 students ( 2,500 each) from Prosperity Hub School Districts in the U.S. to help them pursue a higher education diploma.

Each student completed the TurboTax Simulation and wrote an essay about the experience.

Before doing the Intuit TurboTax Simulation I hadn't really thought about our finances or worried about knowing how to do my taxes.

After though, I realized how important it is to understand what taxes are and what that means for me.

I had to apply to colleges this year and I know that the only way for me to afford the college tuition would be to look for scholarships and apply for financial aid.

In order to apply for financial aid, I needed my parents' tax returns.

This was my first time actually looking at a tax form and having to fill out a form based on it.

I was completely confused, I had no idea what to look for or what any of the boxes meant.

I tried asking my parents for help but they were just as lost as I was.

I not taught about how to do taxes, even though I was soon about to enter adulthood, but my parents, who are almost 50, also really weren't taught how to do their taxes and were just guessing.

I come from a long line of immigrants, many who were paid under the table or never filed taxes because they didn't work or because they were undocumented.

Many of my family members also only speak Spanish and live in an underserved community where there aren't a lot of resources they can depend on to learn about things like taxes.

This created a very long cycle of people who were completely lost with their finances and taxes.

Career skills: Preparing students for the job market also includes teaching them skills that go beyond financial literacy.

Helping students develop other durable skills increases the foundation for future success.

That’s why Intuit supports student development of skills such as critical thinking and collaboration through unique design thinking courses, resources, challenges, and certification.

Social Innovation Challenge: Intuit hosted a four month competition where teams of high school students used design thinking to develop innovative solutions for the challenge: How might we help underrepresented aspiring business owners access equitable opportunities to start a new business Each team worked together to build collaboration, communication, and problem solving skills.

The challenge brought together 700 students from 94 high schools in the U.S. and Canada, including students from nine Prosperity Hub School Districts.

The students were first trained in design thinking techniques, including D4D.

They were supported by 80 Intuit volunteers, who logged nearly 1,000 hours participating in the challenges.

Students applied the D4D techniques they learned to come up with potential solutions to the challenge, and Intuit awarded 120,000 in funding to finalists to support them in continuing work on their solutions.

Innovation Catalyst training for educators: Giving educators the training and skills they need to support students is an essential part of helping grow job readiness for the next generation.

Intuit created a four day training for educators across the U.S. to help them learn and be certified in D4D.

Once certified, the educators can apply these durable design skills in their classrooms.

In FY22, 97% of participating educators became more confident using design thinking in their classrooms as a result of this training.

We have spent thousands of hours listening to and learning from students and teachers from underrepresented groups in recent years, and one consistent learning surfaces again and again: there is a need to expose students to new career pathways and show them what’s possible.

This learning has led to our team evolving our programming to create internships, workshops and opportunities for mentorship to really push the envelope on what students believe to be possible for their future.

Once they see a new pathway and have the resources to pursue it, it opens up the door to opportunity.

Career education: Building a strong platform for future success also means introducing students to a variety of potential career pathways and opportunities through internship, apprenticeship, and mentorship.

This helps students develop a vision for their future through hands on career readiness conferences, challenges, mentoring opportunities with Intuit employees, and project based internships and apprenticeship programs for students.

Imagining the path forward is often the greatest challenge students face.

Many aren’t aware of the wide array of professional pathways available to them.

Intuit ran more than 100 Find Your Why Sessions in FY22 to help students understand the variety of potential future jobs available to them.

Students participated in a workshop to examine their interests, skills, and potential career pathways.

Each left with an action plan to learn more about the career of their choice.

Mentorship from Intuit ERG volunteers: It’s important for students to hear from others about the challenges and opportunities awaiting them in the professional world.

To help them better understand the path ahead, Intuit organized mentorship opportunities with our ERGs, such as the Intuit African Ancestry Network (IAAN) and the Intuit Latinos Network (ILN).

Students asked the volunteers questions about their paths to their current careers.

This effort included a Los Angeles Unified School District mentoring program created in conjunction with the IAAN and the Los Angeles Clippers.

Intuit purchased a 200,000 food truck with a commercial grade kitchen for the Compton Unified School District, one of Intuit’s Prosperity Hub School Districts.

When it hits the road, the food truck will allow high schoolers to gain real world experience by applying entrepreneurial and other durable finance and business skills it takes to run a business, including bookkeeping and accounting.

This unique combination of training will also allow students in Compton’s Culinary Arts pathway the opportunity to use commercial cooking equipment while they’re in high school, while practicing business finance and operations.

Intuit QuickBooks is used in the truck so students will be able to practice money management and taking payments from customers.

Now in our second year, Intuit TurboTax kicked off Leading Con Educaci n, a program designed to empower the next generation of Latino Hispanic professionals.

Problem: Students are not connecting classroom education to the future of work and job ready skills.

Additionally, many of the best opportunities are not accessible for many students in underrepresented racial groups.

Solution: Intuit created a six week, for credit course with San Diego Unified School District.

URG students participated in a Design for Delight (D4D) Camp in their classes instructed by Intuit Innovation Catalyst employees.

After they learned about D4D, they completed a two week Social Innovation Challenge sprint to put their knowledge to work.

They competed against other student teams to win tech prizes and bragging rights among their peers.

The final element of the summer program was a two week internship on Intuit’s San Diego campus hosted by Intuit’s Job Readiness team and the Design organization at Intuit San Diego.

Students earned money for future education expenses and heard from Intuit designers about their career paths and roles at Intuit.

Participants also received design help on their projects, which they presented at the end of the course.

Students loved the experience and are looking forward to putting their skills to work in the next school year.

Intuit is exploring how to expand this program to other sites in FY23.

I dedicated time just to find scholarships, ways I could fund my education.

In my senior year, I wanted to study abroad but I knew after speaking to my parent that wasn’t a feasible opportunity due to how expensive it could be.

I didn’t give up and continued to look for scholarships, and that’s when I came across TurboTax LeadingconEducaci n program.

In September 2021, Intuit launched a long term partnership with the Los Angeles Clippers.

The partnership includes the exclusive naming rights to the basketball team’s new home arena, Intuit Dome.

We created the partnership with the Clippers based on our shared passion for technology and the pursuit of innovation, as well as a commitment to creating great experiences for customers and fans, while delivering economic benefit to the local community.

Intuit Dome, scheduled to open for the 2024 2025 NBA season, is currently under construction in Inglewood, California.

Inglewood is a diverse community (40.8% Black, 49.5% Hispanic or Latino, per the 2021 U.S. Census Bureau) and the Inglewood Unified School District has 81% of their students qualifying for free or reduced price lunch according to USDA guidelines, which classifies them as high poverty.

We’re excited about the opportunity Intuit Dome offers us to support economic prosperity in Inglewood’s schools and local businesses.

In partnership with the Clippers, some of the investments and programs related to Intuit Dome include:In addition to basketball games and live entertainment, Intuit Dome will host free community events where we’ll offer programs that reinvigorate the local economy and local businesses.

We’ll offer free taxpayer assistance events to prepare and file taxes for low income families in the area during tax season.

And we’ll host educational events where local entrepreneurs and small business owners can access workshops, networking, tools, education, and tips on how to start, build, and grow a small business.

Of the 7,000 construction workers building Intuit Dome, we have set a goal of 30% being from the local area.

In January 2022, we thanked the construction team for their hard work by providing them with free tax prep for their upcoming taxes.

Of the up to 1,500 permanent jobs that we expect to be available once Intuit Dome opens, the goal is for 35% to be staffed by local residents.

As part of our climate positive commitment, Intuit Dome will be the most sustainable arena in the world: Leed Platinum certified, naturally ventilated, and fully electric, with no net new greenhouse gas emissions.

Intuit has committed to expanding our existing Prosperity Hub School District Program in the L.A. area to help empower the next generation of students to learn about finances and entrepreneurship.

Intuit will give 1M over the next three years to underserved school districts that are part of the program.

Climate change is one of the most significant issues of our time.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change states that Taken as a whole, the range of published evidence indicates that the net damage costs of climate change are likely to be significant and to increase over time.

We also know that underrepresented groups, including Black and Latino Hispanic populations, are disproportionately at risk when it comes to climate change and natural disasters.5 Reversing climate change is critical to our mission, because without a healthy planet, none of us can prosper.

By FY20, we’d met our goal to power our operations using 100% renewable electricity (10 years ahead of plan), reduce our carbon footprint of our facilities by 80%, and reduce our total operational footprint by 50% (five years earlier than projected).

Intuit is committed to setting net zero emission targets and moving toward sourcing carbon free electricity.

Our net zero strategy will apply across our value chain, including our supply chain, resulting in data sharing and supplier commitment across our supplier base.

In FY23, we’re creating a roadmap for effectively eliminating carbon emissions at our Mountain View and San Diego, California campuses, which account for more than a third of Intuit’s global electricity usage.

With the goal of 24 7 carbon free electricity, Intuit will be a leader in the transformative carbon free energy movement, as those two locations may begin to meet every kilowatt hour of electricity consumption with carbon free electricity sourcing.

We’ll also continue to source renewable electricity whenever possible in other markets.

This proactive step in strategic portfolio development provides future proofing, and it ensures we’re doing our part to expedite grid decarbonization by moving the industry toward clean energy solutions.

Intuit’s 24 7 carbon free electricity strategy is aligned with and supportive of the , affordable and clean energy.

United Nations SDG 7On April 22, 2022, Intuit was ranked 1 among software companies for our work to address climate change by JUST Capital highlighting our Climate Positive commitment.

Above and beyond our operational footprint, Intuit has held a unique position in the fight against climate change as a first mover in setting climate positive goals.

At the start of the decade, we set a climate positive goal designed to inspire sustainable innovation and provide a roadmap for Intuit to build bold climate solutions that span well beyond our walls.

We’ve committed to reducing emissions by 50 times our 2018 operational footprint by 2030.

The result will be a reduction of 2M metric tonnes of CO2 by 2030 the equivalent of taking 430,000 cars off the road for one year.

In FY22, we had a goal to reduce cumulative CO2 emissions by 200k metric tonnes (data breakdown of the contributors by category employees, customers etc).

We exceeded this goal by almost 50%, reducing cumulative CO2 emissions by 296k MT, which is more than 7 times our 2018 operational footprint.

To hit our 2030 target, we’re creating bold new solutions and opportunities for our employees, customers, and communities to help them on their journey toward carbon emission reduction and empower others to join the fight against climate change.

In FY21, we were two times climate positive and in FY22 we were seven times climate positive as compared to our 2018 operational footprint.

Highlights from FY22 include: Employees: We’re providing sustainability solutions for our employees’ personal lives while educating them about their impact.

Our Well Being for Life program includes reimbursements to eligible employees up to 1,300 annually for sustainability related purchases, ranging from e bikes to solar panels for their homes.

Customers: In FY22, Intuit expanded sustainability offerings to its customers, focusing first on small businesses around the globe and Intuit’s supply chain.

Last November at the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26), we unveiled the Intuit Climate Action Marketplace and made a public commitment to help one million U.S. small businesses reduce their carbon emissions by 50% and we’re just getting started.

Solving the climate change crisis demands collective action from everyone the private and public sectors, individuals, and corporations of all sizes.

As it stands, small to medium sized enterprises (SMEs) are an underserved market segment.

A September 2021 survey found that 75% of QuickBooks customers believe environmental sustainability is important for the future of the economy, and 66% believe businesses contribute to greenhouse gas emissions.

Nearly all a whopping 97% would like to take action in the future to be more environmentally responsible.

Small businesses, which comprise 90% of the global economy, are ready to make the changes to become more climate savvy and climate friendly.

To date, they’ve largely been left out of the equation for solving climate change.

The Intuit Climate Action Marketplace, which launched during COP26 in November 2021, empowers small businesses to reduce their impact on the environment by selecting sustainable solutions.

With one click, small businesses can take immediate action to replace high carbon emission activities with more sustainable solutions across energy, travel, office supplies, and other categories, often at an exclusive discount.During COP26, we also committed to helping one million small businesses in the U.S. cut their carbon emissions by 50% by 2030.

Through the Intuit Climate Action Marketplace, any small business owner in the U.S. and U.K. can find the resources and solutions needed to reduce their carbon emissions at scale, while helping them save money and grow their business.

We’ll also help all small businesses in our supply chain use Intuit’s Climate Action Marketplace.

Communities: Intuit remains committed to supporting programs that help communities make sustainable choices, starting with the communities where Intuit has a physical presence.

For example, in partnership with the Bluefield Economic Development Authority in West Virginia, we financially supported the installation of UV solar powered smart glass in a local cafe to increase cost and energy efficiency.

In FY23, we’ll roll out additional community projects focused on solar installation and aligned to Intuit’s Prosperity Hub School District Program.

A new generation of solutions: Intuit is identifying and serving as a catalyst for scalable climate solutions worldwide that can make accelerated progress toward reducing global carbon emissions.

Through our continued partnership with global education nonprofit Enactus, students around the world have been participating in the Race for Climate Action by solving problems in their local communities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and create a positive social impact.

Despite pandemic related challenges, approximately 2,000 students representing 16 countries developed climate projects to help their communities build resilience against climate change.

Our Design for Delight training is being used to ensure their climate solutions are built with empathy for the communities they serve.

The 65 projects submitted to the Race for Climate Action in fall 2021 have reduced global carbon emissions by a total of 62,000 metric tonnes as of July 2022.

Together, these projects also resulted in the creation of more than 1,045 new jobs and 102 new small businesses in communities worldwide.

Intuit is supporting the construction of a solar project in Jackson, Tennessee, in partnership with Clearloop, a company that works on cleaning up the grid and expanding access to clean energy by building solar projects in American communities getting left behind.

This project will reclaim nearly 60 million pounds of CO2 over its lifetime operation.

Not only will this project result in clean energy construction jobs, it will also increase local tax revenues and support broader economic development efforts to attract and retain new businesses and industries.

The project will generate electricity to power 200 homes over 40 years.

We’re also partnering with Clearloop to support the building of a 2 MW solar project in the area around Morristown, Tennessee, a Prosperity Hub community, that will reclaim an estimated 114,206,872 pounds of CO2 from the electric grid.

This project will provide green power to local public schools for the next 40 years the first to do so in Tennessee, and among the first green powered schools nationally.7 Our collaboration will also provide job training opportunities and 100,000 in scholarships benefiting the students of the Hamblen and Jefferson County, Tennessee school systems.

We Care and Give Back is one of Intuit’s longest standing values and is deeply rooted in our culture.

Our employee volunteer and giving program, also called We Care and Give Back (WCGB), helps us deliver on our commitment to serve the communities near our locations around the world.

By supporting employees in the many ways they give generously of their time, talent, and resources to the causes they care about, we’re helping maximize the impact of doing good.

Supported by the Intuit Foundation for U.S. based activity and Intuit Inc. globally, WCGB helps employees make a difference in the community through paid time off to volunteer (up to one week per year), donation matching (up to 5,000 or local currency equivalent per year), and other programmatic elements designed to encourage and fund employee led activities.

We encourage our employees to take on leadership roles by offering grants for serving on the board of a vetted nonprofit or NGOs.

Employees turn passion into impact by giving back in ways that are personally meaningful to them.

In FY22, Intuit employees supported 3,202 nonprofits and NGOs by volunteering more than 19,000 hours and donating 6.7M, including Intuit’s match.

Three and a half years ago, after my mother underwent a life changing surgery, I felt I must find a way to contribute back to the health system, and thought of a way to maximize the impact of our 'We Care and Give Back' (WCGB) volunteer time.

Together with the fantastic support of the Israeli site leadership and our partners at Sheba, led by Prof. Klang, we initiated a collaboration with Sheba Medical Center Israel's largest and most advanced hospital bringing the Israeli AI group to contribute their WCGB volunteer time as part of a hackathon for helping Sheba solve some of its critical ER challenges.

The hackathon was a great success, with the team following up with multiple important research papers.

But even more importantly, it was the starting point which inspired more hackathons with Microsoft, Intel and others with some of them eventually turning into formal collaborations.

Our We Care and Give Back program is complemented by our monetary support to non profit organizations committed to making a difference.

Along with our diversity, equity, and inclusion donations, we also made several doncations with critical needs:Our 1M donation to the United Nations High Committee on Refugees was made in support of the critical humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine.

We offered our employees a 2:1 matching campaign in support of Ukraine that raised 433,201 in total donations.

We donated to the American Red Cross to support communities impacted by the horrific tornadoes that touched down in the center of the U.S. in December 2021.

We underscored our commitment to equal rights by donating 500,000 to the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE).

We then double matched employee donations to the NCTE, Transgender Law Center, and Gender Justice, raising nearly 19,000.

We’ve also donated products to eligible nonprofits for over 20 years through our longstanding partnership with TechSoup, allowing nonprofits to focus on the important work they do.

In FY22, we donated 42,000 copies of Quickbooks products to nonprofits and small business development centers in the United States and Canada valued at more than 38M USD.

UNHCR Valerio Muscella40 Corporate ResponsibilityIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report AdvocacyIntuit has a responsibility and is committed to speaking out and advocating for inclusive communities that power prosperity for all, regardless of race, gender, religion, or other characteristics.

In FY22, we took a stance on several causes aligned with our values, prioritizing where we can have a positive impact, including: Our actions support this commitment, including activities to support significant societal issues:Civil liberties, human rights, and equal protection under the law for all citizens of every country.

Safeguarding our employees’ safety and welfare without fail.

We continue to be a corporate partner of the Congressional Award Foundation’s (CAF) Diversity Inclusion Initiative, resulting in an online Financial Education Program to support promoting financial health for students of diverse economic and social backgrounds.

In FY22, 118 young people used the program to take greater ownership of their financial futures, with learning modules focused on checking accounts, credit cards, healthy financial habits, and mobile online banking.

We also used our voice on multiple societal issues in FY22, including joining the America Competes and Texas Competes nonpartisan organizations, which oppose discrimination and support comprehensive nondiscrimination laws that protect all Americans, including LGBTQ people.Our CEO joined more than 228 CEOs to sign a letter organized by Everytown for Gun Safety, urging the U.S. Senate to work together to pass bold legislation to address gun violence in the U.S.

Intuit has signed multiple letters urging Congress to pass bipartisan immigration reforms, including a permanent legislative solution for Dreamers.

This past year, on the 10th anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), Intuit signed a letter urging a Congressional solution to protect Dreamers.

This policy allows undocumented immigrants, who were brought to the U.S. as children, to legally stay to study and work.

We are so pleased to offer our participants the opportunity to take control of their financial future.

The program aims to help students implement financial management strategies through a seamless, simple, and fun process.

National Director, Congressional Award FoundationErica Heyse41 Corporate ResponsibilityIntuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report Intuit’s mission to power prosperity around the world starts with the belief that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper.

This belief drives our commitment to address challenges that impact our employees, customers, and communities around the world.

Rooted in our enduring commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, our values guide our collective actions to help solve some of the pressing socioeconomic and climate issues affecting communities.

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

While many of the disclosures are in alignment with this framework at the Core level, this is a GRI referenced report.

Intuit chose to report against the GRI framework because it focuses on ESG (environmental, social and governance) topics that are material to our business and key stakeholders.

This report also references the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards for the Consumer Finance as well as Software IT Services sectors, and can be found in conjunction with the related GRI disclosures throughout this report.

We chose the SASB Standards, a framework designed by the investment community, to provide investors, analysts and other stakeholders with access to additional information about our ESG risks, impacts and opportunities.

Both GRI and SASB standards are dedicated to improving the effectiveness and comparability of corporate disclosure on ESG factors.

Intuit has also taken steps to respond to the Taskforce for Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and plans to begin sharing information in our next reporting cycle.

Intuit is the global financial technology platform that powers prosperity for the people and communities we serve.

Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper.

We never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible.

You may see all of Intuit’s facility locations on the company website.

Founded in 1984, Intuit is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker INTU.

As of 07 31 2022, Intuit had approximately 17,300 employees in 10 countries.

See Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition for the and Results of Operations on page 32 of Intuit’s year ended 7 31 22.

Please see the letter from Intuit’s President and CEO on page 4.

We are a purpose driven company and our values define who we are.

They are our guiding principles and the reason why we show up to work every single day to help our customers prosper.

Integrity Without Compromise: We speak the truth and assume best intent.

We value trust above all else and we do the right thing, even when no one is looking.

Courage: We are bold and fearless in how we think and act.

Customer Obsession: We fall in love with our customers' problems.

We deliver unrivaled customer benefits to power their prosperity.

We sweat every detail of the experience to deliver excellence.

Stronger Together: We champion diversity, inclusion, and a respectful environment.

We thrive on diverse voices to challenge and inform decisions.

We deliver exceptional results so others can count on us.

We Care and Give Back: We are stewards of the future.

We strive to give everyone the opportunity to prosper.

Intuit employees are expected to act with integrity, follow the law and Intuit’s policies, ask for help, and report concerns.

Everyone at Intuit is also expected to use good judgment and be open, honest and transparent in all they do for the company.

Intuit has a Code of Conduct Ethics Intuit has a separate that applies to all members of its Board of Directors (Board).

The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board has oversight responsibility for Intuit’s ethics and compliance programs, including the Code of Conduct Ethics and the Board Code of Ethics.

Intuit’s General Counsel has operational responsibility for the ethics and compliance programs, which, for example, require Intuit’s workforce to take regular ethics training.

Intuit also requires our business partners, suppliers, contractors and agents to conduct themselves ethically, professionally and with the utmost integrity and transparency in all of their business dealings, including complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Intuit’s workforce has many channels to receive ethics advice or report ethics concerns, including a 24 hour hotline, operated by an independent third party, that is available to the company’s U.S. and non U.S. workforce.

Ethics concerns may be reported anonymously through the hotline.

Intuit’s workforce is also encouraged to seek ethics advice from company leadership, human resources, and the legal, compliance and policy organization.

Multiple internal teams are focused on fostering and maintaining Intuit’s safe, ethical and inclusive work environment.

Intuit has a strict non retaliation policy for the reporting of ethics violations or other concerns.

Intuit also expects its business partners, suppliers, contractors and agents to abide by similar values and standards and to act with integrity and in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Intuit strives for excellence in its governance practices.

Intuit’s Board of Directors believes that a diverse and experienced Board is critical for reaching sound decisions that drive shareholder value.

Intuit’s Board is composed of 12 members of varying tenures, ages, genders, racial ethnic backgrounds and professional experiences.

The company is proud of its balanced and diverse Board composition, its ability to recruit new Board members, its robust annual Board and committee self evaluation process, the transparency of its financial performance and strategy, and the two way dialogue Intuit works to maintain with its shareholders.

A majority of Intuit’s Board, and all members of the standing committees, are independent.

The key practices and procedures of Corporate Governance Intuit’s Board are outlined in the company’s Principles and members of Intuit’s Board operate under Intuit’s Board Code of Ethics Board and are publicly available.

Additionally, committee membership and charters here .

Corporate Responsibility is led by Lara Balazs, Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, Strategic Partner Group.

As set forth in its charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board has oversight of and reviews Intuit’s practices relating to corporate responsibility, including ESG matters.

This committee discusses with management periodic reports on Intuit’s progress on ESG related matters and related communications with investors and other stakeholders.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board, under its charter, has oversight of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives in support of organizational development.

See Board Highlights beginning on page 3 of Proxy Statement Nominees beginning on page 22 of the 2022 Proxy Statement for board biographies that include the number of each director’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments.

See Transactions with Related Persons on page 21 and Director Independence on page 13 of .

As of 07 31 22, no natural person owns more than 5%, and no institutional shareholder owns more than 10%, of Intuit.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee receives updates on diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) at least annually.

The Nominating and Governance Committee receives other (ESG) updates at least twice a year.

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews our ESG related disclosure practices and also, on a quarterly basis, receives updates on any significant potential conflicts of interest.

These updates are provided by the senior executives that lead the areas, including the Chief People Places Officer, the Chief Diversity, Equity Inclusion Officer, the Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, Strategic Partner Group, who leads Corporate Responsibility, the General Counsel and the Vice President of Investor Relations.

See CEO Pay Ratio on page 71 of The ratio of our CEO’s annualized total compensation to our median employee’s annual total compensation was 141:1 in 2021 and 122:1 in 2020.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee receives updates on DEI at least annually.

The Nominating and Governance Committee receives ESG updates at least twice a year.

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews our ESG related disclosure practices and also, on a quarterly basis, receives updates on significant potential conflicts of interest quarterly.

The Nominating and Governance Committee is informed of the Corporate Responsibility Report topics.

The Corporate Responsibility (CR) leadership team sets the strategic agenda, develops specific programs and initiatives across the company and reports periodically to senior management about progress against philanthropic and CR goals.

The CR team works across internal stakeholders and functions and connects external stakeholders with the company’s mission and purpose in ways that benefit its employees, its business and its global communities, and that we realize are important to its shareholders.

Intuit serves employees, customers, communities and shareholders, and it has a clear definition of how we engage with each of these four key stakeholders.

Employees: Intuit frequently engages with its employees and seeks their feedback.

The primary methods of engagement include monthly check ins, company wide surveys, and quarterly all hands meetings.

Customers: Intuit has a long history of engaging with its customers, both to understand their biggest needs and to measure the company’s success in addressing those needs with the products it provides.

Communities: Intuit is committed to supporting the world and the communities it serves beyond the benefits of its products.

This is a core aspect of the company strategy and includes identifying measurable targets which allow Intuit to measure progress.

Shareholders: Intuit regularly engages with shareholders to better understand their perspectives.

During Fiscal 2022, the company held discussions with many of its largest stockholders during scheduled events, including its 2021 Annual Investor Day and Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as well as in regularly held private meetings throughout the year.

Stakeholders are part of True North, the goals Intuit uses to run the company Intuit uses True North Goals to generate both short and long term success across Intuit’s stakeholder groups.

True North Goals are driven by our principles of stewardship and our identification of key stakeholders.

In Fiscal 2021, Intuit undertook an assessment and identified the CR topics that are most significant to the company and its stakeholders.

This built on work done in 2019 with a third party consultant which interviewed internal subject matter experts and external stakeholders to understand the key opportunities and risks to Intuit’s business.

They also benchmarked against peers and against topics raised in the GRI and SASB frameworks.

Fiscal Year 2022 covers the period from 8 1 21, to 7 31 22.

Intuit’s last Corporate Responsibility Report was published in September 2021.

Intuit worked with external experts and internal stakeholders to help define the issues, which formed the foundation for this Corporate Responsibility Report and the company’s overall CR strategy.

Intuit plans to update this analysis periodically.

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

See Intuit’s 2022 Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) report submission here .

The Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation (IFFF) is Intuit’s charitable foundation dedicated to programs and public private not for profit partnerships that help bring opportunities to prosper to all, especially those with lower incomes.

IFFF was created in 2002, with a focus on making tax time an empowering and confidence building opportunity, which continues to be the cornerstone of the foundation’s work.

Through IFFF, Intuit donates its software and resources to empower people, and the organizations and communities that serve them, to achieve better money outcomes.

Intuit has long supported the empowerment of individual taxpayers to manage their own finances, including preparing their own tax returns, so that they receive every dollar they’ve earned and deserve.

For those living with lower incomes, tax time, unlike any other point during the year, is a moment to help them improve their financial lives.

A priority of IFFF is to empower those who need it the most to prepare and file their tax returns.

In FY22, Intuit continued its commitment to empower lower income taxpayers through grants to Volunteer Income Tax programs ( 1.5M) and opportunities for their clients and others to file for free with TurboTax through virtual We Care and Give Back taxpayer assistance that served taxpayers who are out of scope for community based programs, community college students and youth aging out of foster care in California.

IFFF also provided funding ( 150k) and technical assistance to foster the expansion of self file initiatives in Canada via partnerships with Prosper Canada, Woodgreen Community Services and other community volunteer income tax assistance programs.

Intuit worked with SaverLife in FY22 to promote a national tax time savings campaign that resulted in nearly 16,000 people pledging to save 17M in tax refunds.

Paid digital outreach in partnership with SaverLife resulted in another 71,000 lower income individuals engaging in content on tax credits, opportunities to prepare their returns for free, and experiences to help them set and achieve specific financial goals.

In addition to the above, Intuit donated nearly 2M through the Prosperity Fund, a fund created to provide support to communities in need at critical times.

Intuit also supports organizations that help prepare young people on their path to prosperity, such as the Jump tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy, a coalition that seeks to advance the financial literacy of K 12 youth.

In FY22, Intuit donated QuickBooks products to nonprofits and small business development centers in the U.S. and Canada and to educational institutions around the globe, valued at 134.6M.

We Care and Give Back is one of Intuit’s longest standing values and is also the name of our employee volunteer and giving program.

The We Care and Give Back (WCGB) program helps Intuit deliver on its commitment to serve the communities near our locations around the world.

We are helping maximize the impact of our employees doing good by supporting the many ways they give generously of their time, talent and resources to the causes they care about.

Supported by the Intuit Foundation for U.S. based activity, and Intuit Inc. globally, WCGB helps eligible employees make a difference in the community through paid time off to volunteer (up to one week per year), donation matching (up to 5,000 or local currency equivalent per year), and other programmatic elements designed to encourage and fund employee led activities.

We encourage our employees to take on leadership roles as well, by offering grants for employees serving on the board of a vetted nonprofit or NGO.

In addition, a network of employees step up to help create, support and promote WCGB activities at each site and engage other employees in doing good.

During FY22, Intuit employees supported over 3,200 charitable organizations by volunteering more than 19,000 hours and donating 6.7 million, including Intuit’s match.

At Intuit, we believe that educating girls not only empowers them, but also helps us build a stronger community.

That’s why the Intuit Rise: Girl Child Education Program focuses on providing holistic educational support, life skills training and career guidance.

Our employees have spearheaded this initiative by referring young girls who would benefit from participation and then mentoring them once they’ve joined the program.

Supporting the education of the girls from low income families and creating opportunities for their families, who otherwise don’t have access to proper education.

Since 2017, 362 students from 13 states across India received scholarships via employee referral from 8th Standard through Graduation grades (including Technology and Engineering).

Repurposed Laptop Donation: Intuit provided 102 laptops to beneficiaries from our program.

Students received access to lessons, creating an enhanced learning environment.

Intuit Rise: Girl Child Mentoring Program: For girls ready to shape the world around them, this program provides guidance to start their professional journey.

The Intuit Military and Veteran Initiative (MAVI), established in October 2019, is Intuit’s commitment to help transform the lives of military families and veterans through community, jobs and financial empowerment.

Like them, Intuit is committed to excellence, motivated by mission and driven by a sense of purpose.

Intuit believes that veterans and military spouses provide a source of unique skills and talent and the company competes for that talent, while honoring those who served.

MAVI exists to create a cohesive cross company representation of Intuit’s job opportunities and financial empowerment programs for veterans and military families.

Intuit’s mission through the MAVI program is to set a new gold standard for powering prosperity in the military community by embracing the value of and creating opportunity for those with the diverse skills and experiences developed through military service.

To execute Intuit’s stock repurchase plan, one of the banks we utilize is Academy Securities, an investment bank owned and operated by military veterans.

Academy leverages intensive past military training, in depth current financial experience, geopolitical knowledge and broad networks.

After being nominated by an Intuit employee who was recently deployed, it was determined by ESGR that our sustained performance in the veteran community for both employees and our effort to hire and retain top veteran talent warranted an upgrade to the national award.

See Stock Repurchase Programs in Intuit’s year ended 7 31 22.

Finally, Intuit’s work to support veterans and their families is directly related to the military’s mission readiness.

By offering critical services and benefits, our National Guard and Reservists employees can focus on their military work without worrying about their work at Intuit.

It also allows their family members to maintain their normal sense of security while their loved ones are away.

ESGR’s Extraordinary Employer Support Award was created to recognize sustained employer support of National Guard and Reserve service.

Only prior recipients of the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award or the Pro Patria Award, who have demonstrated sustained support for three years after receiving one of those awards, are eligible for consideration at the committee level.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Fiscal Year 2022 covers the period from 8 1 21, to 7 31 22.

Intuit’s last Corporate Responsibility Report was published in September 2021.

Consistent with its operating values, Intuit has charted an ambitious path toward becoming the most environmentally sustainable company it can be.

In FY 2020, the company achieved its goal of 100% renewable electricity for global operations, ten years earlier than planned.

In addition, the company achieved carbon neutrality for its worldwide operations first in 2015, and continues to mitigate its footprint year over year and achieve carbon neutrality to date.

Based on its positive environmental impact in 2019, Intuit earned validation for its core sustainability targets from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a collaboration among Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), World Resources Institute, the Worldwide Fund for Nature, and the UN Global Compact.

The SBTi also verified and vetted each of Intuit’s targets to ensure alignment to the latest research and understanding of climate science, thus maximizing their impact.

Building on that success, Intuit announced in FY 2020 a new commitment: the 50x by 30 climate positive goal.

See page 36 for more details on specific initiatives.

As of April 2020, Intuit reached its goal of achieving 100% renewable electricity for its global operations, accomplishing this 10 years earlier than its planned 2030 goal.

Going forward, our strategy is to rapidly decarbonize our value chain and invest in carbon removal technologies and nature based programs to meet our Net Zero commitment.

Intuit has invested in on site solar installations in Mountain View and San Diego, California, and in Tucson, Arizona.

Intuit’s global headquarters in Mountain View, as well as its Plano, Texas campus, purchases 100% of its electricity from off site wind farms.

See Intuit’s 2022 CDP Climate report submission here .

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

The total amount of waste generated in FY22 was 1,344,060 lbs.

The company’s waste diversion rate was 76% for the year.

Intuit recognizes that the improvement shown in 2021 was due largely in part to our employees working remotely and was not a true reflection of our actions as a company.

Now that we have transitioned to a hybrid work environment, we are committed to continuing to drive initiatives to become zero waste, with a goal to achieve zero waste portfolio wide by 2030.

See Intuit’s 2022 CDP Climate report submission here .

They are in the process of completing a comprehensive carbon emissions inventory that will include all material Scope 3 emission categories.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Its employees are fueled by a passion to serve Intuit’s global customers and communities.

As a company, Intuit strives to create a culture where employees are inspired to take action and make a positive difference.

Intuit prioritized the health and safety of our workforce and the communities where we live and operate to help slow the spread of COVID 19 as the virus and its variants continued to impact our global community.

After our initial response outlined in the FY21 report, and as it became clear the pandemic would last longer than initially expected, we continued to support our employees working from home as we safely reopened each of our facilities operating in 10 countries globally through FY22.

By May 16, 2022, all Intuit offices worldwide were fully reopened, and we ushered in our new era for our hybrid workforce.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

In service to employee learning and growth, craft skills are identified, documented and communicated across Intuit.

Intuit recently launched a companywide effort to ensure that all craft areas have updated craft skills, and employees understand how to develop those skills through continuous learning.

Intuit also recently introduced a suite of modern learning tools where employees can access thousands of internal and external courses, videos, articles, books, and more all in one place on the Degreed learning platform.

This new learning tech stack makes it easier than ever for employees to grow personally and professionally.

Employees also have the opportunity to set personal development goals using the Betterworks goal setting platform.

This tool is also integrated with a leading learning platform, and enables employees to set career and skill development goals and link learning plans to them, further empowering employees to streamline their learning and development.

Tech Women Intuit, or TWI, is Intuit’s strategic global initiative to recruit, engage and develop technical women at all career stages.

TWI offers a full lineup of events and professional development programs to give prospective employees an insight into Intuit’s corporate culture, and existing employees opportunities to grow their careers.

Grace Hopper Celebration, the world’s largest gathering of women technologists.

The company sends more than 100 employees to attend the conference annually with goals of providing an opportunity for our technologists to develop their craft along with the desire to engage with and recruit new, diverse talent.

Intuit’s secret sauce for innovation is Design for Delight, the company’s approach to design thinking.

This approach starts with deep customer empathy, goes broad to ideate many possible solutions before narrowing, and uses prototyping and rapid experimentation to test solutions before scaling.

To develop empathy, Intuit encourages its employees to listen and observe customers in their workplaces and home environments so employees can discover important customer problems that need solving.

Design for Delight is vital for innovation because it provides the entire company with a common framework for igniting and harnessing customer obsession to build products and services that customers love.

Intuit has an Innovation Catalyst community of about 400 employees driving Design for Delight around the world, who support projects ranging from product design to social impact in underserved communities.

The One Intuit Learning Community is a federated model of learning and development professionals dedicated to supporting employees with both enterprise level and customized programs based on department and organizational learning goals, craft skills and other learning priorities and requirements.

This community works together to ensure their offerings are cutting edge and best in class, so that employees are learning the most relevant and impactful subject matter and developing their skills for their current and future career goals.

At Intuit, we believe that when we have strong leadership, everyone wins.

During FY 2021, we launched a new Leadership Playbook to help executives and managers understand what’s expected of them and how they can add value to their team and the company.

To make the Playbook actionable, we created a learning module in the Degreed learning platform that unpacks the teachings and includes examples of how to demonstrate specific, value adding behaviors in day to day activities and interactions.

VP Leadership Lab, an interactive program, facilitated by our SVPs , that gave our VPs a deep sense of ownership for the Playbook, let them practice the three pillars, and helped them define their own teachable point of view to bring the Playbook to life.

Executive onboarding and additional resources to ensure every new executive is set up for success.

For our managers, we have several flagship development programs to build core manager capability as well as dozens of point of need resources to help managers develop their people leader skills so that they can support their team in both day to day management and long term career growth and development.

Intuit believes that timely, relevant feedback fosters trust and growth in the workplace.

Employees have monthly check ins with their managers to align their business goals, share feedback and provide direction for their professional development.

This monthly feedback mechanism enables Intuit’s employees and managers to track progress toward their goals and to grow and develop.

In addition, all employees receive annual performance and pay reviews, where they are recognized and rewarded for their contributions throughout the year.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Intuit continues to focus on attracting and retaining a talented and diverse workforce that creates inclusion, inspiration and innovation.

Intuit also believes a diverse board is critical for reaching sound decisions that drive shareholder value.

Governance Committee recently updated its charter to provide that the committee will (and will ask any new search firm that it engages to) include in the initial pool of candidates for nomination as a new director individuals with diversity of gender, race and ethnicity.

As evidence of our commitment to diversity, the Board has undergone significant refreshment in recent years.

Intuit continues to build a truly diverse workforce.

The company has a dedicated team focused on developing diversity, equity and inclusion hiring strategies, programs, tools and training, as well as the global Talent Acquisition team that identifies and engages a talented and diverse set of professional candidates around the world.

Intuit also partners with a wide range of external organizations that help the company to better engage, attract and recruit new hires and develop students and recent graduates, as well as with multiple institutions of higher education, such as historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic serving institutions (HSIs).

Intuit continues to evolve and implement non traditional pathways such as Intuit Again, focused on recruiting and supporting individuals who chose to take a career break for caregiving, and tech apprenticeships through partnerships with AnitaB.org.

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility (DEI A) are key to Intuit’s focus on powering prosperity.

Accessible workplaces yield higher performing teams and empower people to bring their whole selves to work.

Work for Disability Inclusion by the 2022 Disability Equality Index.

This award reflects the work completed towards an inclusive workplace, culture and leadership, supplier diversity, and employee resource groups.

Intuit believes that building a diverse team is critical, but is only one aspect of creating an inclusive culture.

People with disabilities represent the largest minority in the U.S., comprising almost 50 million individuals according to the U.S. Department of Labor.

It’s a community that everyone will join at some point in their lives whether that is through having a permanent, temporary, or situational disability.

In FY22, Intuit’s DEI A growth included the launch of a new Employee Resource Group for people over 50, networks for those who are neurodivergent and deaf or hard of hearing, and a weekly series of presentations exploring disabilities and inclusive product development.

Education and awareness has been essential to Intuit’s success.

In the past 12 months, we have hosted workshops, conferences, lunch and learns, bootcamps, and working groups that reached more than 2,400 people.

Our Accessibility Champion program includes 1,300 people at Intuit.

Our new employees are introduced to accessibility and invited to join our Employee Resource Groups.

We’ve also sponsored organizations and conferences to support entrepreneurship for those with a disability.

In FY22, our product teams made more than 300 accessibility improvements.

Highlights include a new Mint iOS app that includes graphs with audio interpretations, significantly improved experience for Lacerte Professional Tax accountant customers using screen readers, and a more than 80% reduction in errors on our web sites.

In the last year Intuit continued to invest in managers’ capabilities, providing them with training and resources needed to foster an environment of inclusion, to empathetically engage with teams, and to create a safe space for difficult conversations.

The company also continued to create more opportunities to increase employees’ awareness and sensitivity through training and education through its anti racism resource center.

To date, more than 1,000 Intuit leaders have completed racial equity training.

Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core to values at Intuit, but the company is too often silent on the racial injustice and discrimination that its Black colleagues face every day.

Intuit must continue to improve, especially when it comes to having a greater percentage of under represented racial groups (URGs) within its employee population, in particular increasing representation of Black employees.

Intuit has been guided in this work by a team of Black employees called the Racial Equity Advancement Leadership (REAL) Team.

The REAL Team is helping drive durable change in the company’s effort toward creating racial equity and equality.

The team is helping Intuit work toward tangible goals: expanding traditional talent pipelines to generate a more diverse pool of candidates helping to ensure representation at all levels of the company ensuring Black representation is present as new products are developed ensuring company philanthropy work supports communities in need and investing in the support, advocacy, and education of Black employees.

Intuit strives to create and maintain an environment where differences are valued and respected differences in experience, background and opinion.

It strives to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees and seeks to maintain a workplace free from discrimination, harassment and retaliation.

Intuit expects its partners to adhere to its standards of business conduct and safe workplaces.

In 2022 the Human Rights Campaign Foundation (HRC) named Intuit one of the Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality.

Since 2005, Intuit has earned a perfect score on the HRC Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index.

The company continues to learn from its employees about what is going well, and the areas of opportunities to continuously evolve its diversity and inclusion practices.

In September of 2021, Intuit was ranked 15 Best Workplaces for Women by Fortune.

Intuit has created a dashboard that lets employees see the company’s diversity and inclusion data (gender, ethnicity in the United States, pay equity and belonging scores), which is updated on a monthly basis.

Intuit also provides its senior leaders (Director and above) with real time diversity and inclusion data for all hires, promotions, mobility and attrition by different demographic factors (e.g., gender and ethnicity).

For information on Intuit’s Military support initiatives, see GRI 203 2.

For information on Intuit’s programs supporting Women in Tech, see GRI 404 2.

Learn more about Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at Intuit here .

As a result of its July 2022 global analysis, Intuit made salary adjustments across ten job codes to 159 employees.

August 1, 2022, after giving effect to the adjustments, none of the analyzed job codes had statistically significant differences in pay based on gender or ethnicity.

Intuit continues to refine and refocus its efforts with the goal of reducing and ultimately eliminating the need to make salary adjustments.

At Intuit, as of August 1, 2022, women in the U.S. earn on average 99.8 cents for every 1.00 men earn.

Minority employees (consisting of Asian, Black, Latinx and U.S. Indigenous based on governmental definitions) in the U.S. earn on average 1.00 for every 1.00 white employees earn.

Underrepresented groups at Intuit (consisting of Black, Latinx, U.S. Indigenous) earn on average 1.00 for every 1.00 white employees earn in the U.S.

In India, women earn on average 99.0 cents for every 1.00 men earn.

In all other countries, women earn on average 99.7 cents for every 1.00 that men earn.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Intuit 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report what protected categories they happen to fall into.

Intuit does not tolerate discrimination based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, religion or religious dress or grooming practices, age, sex, pregnancy or childbirth or breastfeeding status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, marital or registered domestic partnership or civil union status, housing status, medical condition, genetics, or any other protected categories.

This is true for all aspects of employment, including recruiting, hiring, promotion, demotion, transfer, termination, compensation, benefits and training.

We also consider employment of qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.

Human Rights Policy Intuit released our working on how to make part of our employee training.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Today we have eight Prosperity Hubs globally: Bluefield, West Virginia Hazard, Kentucky Johnstown, Pennsylvania Lawton, Oklahoma Morristown, Tennessee and Wise, Virginia in the U.S., Corner Brook, Canada and Newcastle, U.K. We partner with each Prosperity Hub to increase the economic opportunities through concentrated job creation, resulting in an economic flywheel effect as opportunities throughout the communities grow.

We have also extended our reach with remote workers located in underserved communities as defined by the Economic Innovation Group’s Distressed Community Index.

By the close of FY 2022, Intuit’s Prosperity Hubs grew to a total of 19,638 jobs.

We did not reduce the total number of jobs in underserved communities throughout the pandemic.

Intuit is committed to leveling the playing field so that everyone has the opportunity to prosper.

We are laying the groundwork to better prepare people for the job market by bringing real world tools into classrooms to help students develop personal finance and entrepreneurial skills.

In FY 2022, Intuit supported over 750,000 students and educators, building on the 360,000 prepared in FY 2021 and helping us reach our goal of 3.6 million people by 2024 through our job readiness programs.

Intuit routinely patches its systems with security updates, and it works to protect its systems from unauthorized internal or external access using numerous commercially available computer security products, as well as internally developed security procedures and practices.

Intuit has completed its first ISO IEC 27001 Certification to support our global businesses, including Credit Karma.

The ISO IEC 27001 certification program is a core foundational security and compliance program at Intuit and we are continuing on our journey to certify many of our globally offered products.

Additionally, Intuit has been an active participant in the IRS Security Summit since its establishment in 2015.

The summit represents a unique collaboration between the tax industry, the states and the IRS to protect taxpayers and reduce fraud in the tax system.

According to the IRS, as a result of actions taken in connection with the IRS Security Summit, tax fraud due to identity theft has decreased significantly since 2015.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Intuit transparently participates in the public policy process, including educating agencies and elected officials on its policy positions and their impact on consumers, small businesses and the company’s employees, and supporting candidates whose positions on public policy align with Intuit’s corporate policy interests.

Intuit is nonpartisan it participates across the political spectrum and believes the best policies that serve the public interest and common good usually represent a thoughtful balance and tend to be forged in the political center through a bipartisan, collaborative political process.

Intuit complies with federal and state laws governing political contributions and their reporting and disclosure requirements.

You can learn more about Intuit’s Political Accountability philosophy and approach along with our positions on public policies that are important to our ability to serve our customers here .

Political contributions published on the company’s website ( semiannually.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Intuit is committed to providing its customers with choices about their data.

For over 10 years, the company has adhered to a set of global data stewardship principles that not only governs how it operates, but also empowers its customers to share their data where and how they want.

This means providing transparency about when Intuit shares data with third party partners and developers, such as financial institutions, and upholding a sense of accountability to safeguard its customers’ most sensitive financial information.

Intuit designs its products and services with privacy and governance considerations.

Regardless of what Intuit builds, maintaining Integrity Without Compromise to its customers is at the core of how the company operates.

A top priority for Intuit is the security of its products.

The company uses security safeguards to help protect the systems and the information customers and employees give to the company from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy.