Forward looking statements may appear throughout this report.

These forward looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, potential, strategy, future, opportunity, commit, plan, goal, may, should, could, would, will, continue, will likely result and similar expressions.

Forward looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially.

In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks and uncertainties we describe in the Risk Factors sections of our Forms 10 K and 10 Q and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).

The inclusion of forward looking and other statements in this Impact Report is not an indication that they are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC.

Such statements may contain estimates, make assumptions based on developing standards that may change and provide aspirations and commitments that are not intended to be promises or guarantees.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements and such other statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

In a year marked by both ongoing challenges and encouraging signs of progress, we accelerated and deepened our efforts to support our local communities, our teammates, and our planet.

After connecting 10 million people to the Internet over the past 10 years, our work to address digital inequities continues to build momentum.

In 2021, we launched Project UP, our comprehensive initiative to help ensure that everyone has the resources and opportunities they need to build a future of unlimited possibilities.

Backed by a 1 billion investment over the next decade, Project UP will provide tens of millions of Americans with access to the technology, tools, and resources that will enable them to build skills, careers, and pathways to economic mobility in an increasingly digital society.

We’re leveraging our unique expertise as a media and technology company to support underserved communities and underrepresented small businesses, including opening over 1,000 Lift Zones in community centers nationwide to provide students, seniors, and veterans with free Internet.

And we awarded millions in Comcast RISE monetary, marketing, and technology grants to help thousands of entrepreneurs of color keep their businesses open amidst a pandemic and, ultimately, thrive.

Finally, we took additional steps to reduce our environmental footprint in 2021 by setting an ambitious goal to be carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 emissions across our global operations by 2035.

While we are incredibly proud of these achievements, which you can read about in the pages that follow, we’re even more excited about the road ahead.

We remain resolutely focused on making the future we envision one where everyone, in every community, has the chance to realize their dreams a reality by deepening our commitments in new, innovative, and impactful ways.

None of this would be possible without our wonderful people and partners, who are the heart and soul of this important work.

We are grateful for their ongoing support and passion.

From connecting people to the Internet to opening doors for the next generation of innovators, entrepreneurs, and storytellers to creating new career pathways in media and technology,we can deepen our impact and help create a future that benefits generations to come.This work is backed by a 1 billion commitment over the next 10 years,which will enable us to reach tens of millions of people with the opportunities and resources they need to create a brighter future.

A key component of Project UP is increasing access to the Internet and the tools and information necessary to close the opportunity gap.

Over the past 10 years, Comcast has connected 10 million people to the Internet at home through Internet Essentials, the nation’s largest and most comprehensive broadband adoption program.

And when the COVID 19 crisis began, our company was already well positioned to spring into action with two other connectivity solutions: Lift Zones, which are community centers that provide free Wi Fi, and the Internet Essentials Partnership Program, which enables schools, school districts, and community partners to quickly connect large numbers of people to the Internet at home.

At the same time, we continue to focus on driving adoption for discrete populations, like Federal Pell Grant recipients, seniors, and veterans, to help get even more people connected.

While Comcast is committed to digital equity within our own programs, we know that closing the broadband adoption gap requires collective action.

In November 2021, the federal government signed into law the Infrastructure and Investment Jobs Act, which includes the 14.2 billion Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP).

Broadband Benefit (EBB) program, which helped Americans connect to the Internet during the COVID 19 crisis.

Comcast is proud to continue supporting these efforts to help close the digital divide for low income consumers and connect even more people to the endless opportunity, education, growth, and discovery that the Internet provides.

Internet Essentials provides wraparound solutions for low income families, including: a low cost, high speed Internet connection at home, access to free online digital skills training through a network of thousands of local partner organizations, and the option to purchase a low cost computer.

A lack of digital skills is clearly a significant barrier to broadband adoption.

While these skills will take time to learn, the benefits will last a lifetime and close not just the digital divide, but the economic divide as well.

Albert Pennell has 12 children and 24 grandchildren.

Program (ACP), an early success of the historic bipartisan been easy for him to stay in touch.

But all of that changed went back to school to continue his education.

Through a Department of Veterans Affairs federal work study program, Delano first heard about Internet Essentials, which few short months.

Llulisa says that during the pandemic, the Internet connected skills training, a connected device, and Internet service at veterans.

The home Internet service enabled him to do his her to resources that helped her complete her homework and home.

Learning how to use a computer and operate a schoolwork at home, and save money by eating at home.

She just got accepted to her first cellphone has been life changing for Pennell.

I’ll be the first person in my family to attend college, tablet at church to help others, listen to music, and search work doing electrical construction.

In 2021, Comcast reached an auspicious milestone ahead of schedule: our 1,000th Lift Zone.

Now that the goal has been reached, we are building on this progress with more ambitious goals installing 250 additional Lift Zones before the end of 2022 and providing free Wi Fi to 100 veteran serving locations nationwide.

Lift Zones continues to climb around the country, we are boosting our programming in response to the needs of the communities they serve.

Today, we are rededicating ourselves to this mission to ensure that the next generation of leaders in America has the tools, resources, and abilities they need to succeed in an increasingly digital world.

Zone, is an organization fiercely dedicated to supporting underserved youth and families in the Twin Cities.

Center, where kids gather for tutoring, a warm meal, or a safe space.

As the needs of the community changed during the pandemic, so did what the Sanneh Foundation offered.

The afterschool program quickly shifted course, opening its doors during the school day, installing glass booths, and hiring parents and other community members.

Internet access and helped repurpose the gym as a distance learning hub.

It helped families survive, because they couldn’t afford to stay home, says the founder and CEO, Tony Sanneh.

It also supported a community dealing with prolonged uncertainty, for example, by connecting families in need to the Foundation’s food distribution program.

During a challenging time, it let everyone have some ease.

Comcast’s 1,000th Lift Zone, and Sanneh’s second, in December 2021.

After a fire forced the Conway Center to close for four weeks, the Sanneh Foundation quickly shifted its operations to another location to host its free youth sports camps and food distribution.

Comcast swiftly moved in to bring service to the new location, making it fully operational as a Lift Zone for older youth, with a focus on career readiness and workforce development.

Comcast marked the anniversary with a 50,000 grant to help support the organization as it rebuilds.

Project UP focuses on creating equitable access to skills and development opportunities to build and support the future workforce.

We are connecting underrepresented people with career on ramps by helping them develop marketable skills in IT, journalism, filmmaking, computer science, and other tech enabled industries.

In doing so, we are supporting and empowering the next generation of innovators, entrepreneurs, storytellers, and creators.

Many workers are underrepresented in technology careers.

How do we level this uneven playing field The first step is understanding the scope and scale of the problem through data and research.

That’s why we are partnering with Jobs for the Future (JFF), a national nonprofit that works toward economic equity through changes in the workforce and educational system.

A partnership with Comcast NBCUniversal supported a new report identifying promising evidence, practices, and policies that create conditions for Black learners and workers to advance in the tech industry.

We are on a mission to create a world where the next generation has the skills they need to succeed and thrive in our increasingly digital world.

In order to have the most lasting impact, we partner with nonprofits who work every day to create equitable career pathways, for everyone from youth to adult learners.

Per Scholas has a mission to advance economic equity through rigorous training for tech careers and connecting skilled talent to leading businesses currently, Comcast is partnering with the organization to scale its remote operations and train 1,500 learners for in demand technology jobs.

We support Genesys Works, which provides pathways to career success for high school students in underrepresented communities through skills training, work experiences, and relationships.

NBCUniversal is partnering with Year Up to close the opportunity divide, by training young people for early career positions in ad sales, ops, and tech.

Skills Creativity services for people with disabilties and their families, with the help of technology and digital solutions.

With a mission to empower and advance the Hispanic community and strengthen Latino institutions, Hispanic Federation focuses on education, health, immigration, and the environment.

Build.org, an entrepreneurship program that helps under resourced high school students discover their untapped talents and potential, offers mentoring and experiential learning programs to prepare young people for the future.

They offer the Design Challenge, a free, online curriculum created to inspire these students to use design thinking to solve real world problems, tapping into their innate energy and imagination.

In 2021, Comcast teamed up with CoLabL, a startup that supports underrepresented talent through networking and mentoring with potential employers.

CoLabL connected Comcast employees with students participating in programs at Per Scholas and NPower, two of Comcast’s partners.

More than 100 Comcast employees volunteered to host mock interviews and provide career insights during a series of six virtual career workshops that attracted approximately 180 participants pursuing career pathways in technology.

Comcast’s partners in driving economic mobility run the gamut from national organizations with many chapters, to small yet mighty local organizations.

Startup and Growth program, which provides tools, resources, and training to first generation entrepreneurs.

Byte Back in Washington, D.C., provides a pathway of inclusive tech training that leads to living wage careers for low income adults.

IT certifications, and offers workforce development for learners to build soft skills and career readiness.

Services (ACCESS) in Dearborn, Michigan, provides technology based educational and developmental opportunities to empower communities.

Comcast supports the organization’s Digital Inclusion program, whose goal is to increase the number of high school students with advanced technology skills.

Training sessions include computer technology education, college preparedness, and life skills.

It can be daunting for college students to ponder their career path after graduation.

Comcast Grows to Code prepares frontline employees for entry level software engineering roles through a partnership with the nonprofit LaunchCode.

The six found his footing in the tech field through CodePath, a nonprofit organization month career development program includes an intensive committed to providing opportunity for students while increasing diversity in the tech coding bootcamp, onboarding program, and world at large.

It offers cost free coding courses as well as mentorship and career apprenticeship.

All graduates of the first Comcast Grows support to all who enlist.

He says that the program equipped him with both technical and soft skills, and led him to Code class are now full time Comcast engineers.

Based on the program’s success, it has expanded to additional cities around the country and added new engineering and to realize he wants to be a software engineer for Google.

Finding a job during a pandemic isn’t easy, and Airat Azeez, 22, struggled to find a place.

After she heard about NPower through a friend, she wholeheartedly committed to the rigorous 16 week IT Fundamentals course.

NPower is a nonprofit that offers tuition free programs to help launch tech careers for military veterans and young adults.

Google IT support, and got exposure to many other technologies.

The program widened her network and helped her narrow down what kind of job she was looking for.

She now holds a position as a technical recruiter.

NBCU Academy has partnered with academic universities, careers in arts, news, sports, and entertainment.

In doing so, funding for accredited journalism programs and community colleges and institutions, including Historically we not only contribute to a more inclusive media landscape, scholarships.

Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic Serving Institutions, we support skill building that leads to economic mobility.

NBCU Academy is committed to shifting the historic underrepresentation of diverse and marginalized communities in media.

Pacific Islander, Black, Indigenous, and tribal populations.

This with journalism diversity organizations, spend two years reaches students from diverse racial, ethnic, sexual working and training with our news teams that sit within orientation, gender identity, ability, economic, and the NBC News Digital diversity verticals and CNBC.

January 2022, the program announced the addition of 13 new partners, bringing the total number of partnerships across the country to 30.

NBCU Academy’s geographic footprint, and broadening the program beyond journalism to include business, engineering, technology, and sports programs.

Through NBCU Academy, we’re nurturing a generation of diverse journalists that are ahead of the curve on media technologies and have a deep understanding of a range of industries.

We are doubling down on empowering the next generation of creatives from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds.

Through our partnerships, Comcast is dedicated to increasing pathways for previously untold stories and unheard voices.

Vision: Bringing greater equity and stronger outcomes to public education through digital storytelling.

Vision: Using storytelling to spark creativity among elementary and middle school students in underfunded schools.

Vision: Breaking down the barriers of gender, race, age, and poverty to support the next generation of writers and leaders, using storytelling to find and celebrate each person’s unique voice.

Advancing Inclusion for CreatorsWe embrace opportunities to address longstanding, systemic issues we see in the media industry, such as the underrepresentation of female directors.

NBC’s Female Forward forges a pipeline into scripted television for female directors.

Through the program, nascent directors are given the opportunity to shadow current directors of an NBC series and then direct an in season episode.

To further foster a more inclusive industry, we partner with the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media’s Spellcheck for Bias, a program aimed at increasing authentic onscreen representation and casting opportunities for underrepresented talent.

On the film side, the Global Talent Development Inclusion department and the American Film Institute’s (AFI’s) Directing Workshop for Women collaborate closely on the Universal Directors Initiative, which exposes directors to the studio production process as well as creative and production executives across the company.

Original Voices Fellowship Program, which is a joint program from NBCU Academy and NBC News Studios, awards a 60,000 grant, access to NBCU News Group resources, and a one year fellowship to documentarians.

Small businesses not only benefit individuals and their communities, but also help the broader economy prosper.

Through our programs and partners, Project UP is helping to equip underrepresented entrepreneurs with the skills, digital resources, and opportunities to establish, maintain, and grow their businesses.

But for small businesses owned by people of color, existing systemic barriers can make it even harder.

Representation, Investment, Strength, and Empowerment is a program we created to help remove these barriers.

Comcast RISE expanded eligibility to all women owned businesses.

The COVID 19 pandemic shone a light on a lot of inequities in society.

Comcast RISE came about to help communities recover, and has had an incredible impact already on underrepresented entrepreneurs.

Comcast RISE provides grants for technology and marketing makeovers, including media campaigns and equipment upgrades.

Investment Fund awards small business owners a 10,000 grant to propel their business to the next level.

Create Cooking School , an Aurora, wholesaler and retailer in Atlanta, Georgia.

They put me in a unique more people back to us now, and will take which helped with our quality and services.

During the trying times of the pandemic space where I could scale on my own.

At Comcast NBCUniversal, we partner with forward thinking organizations who are working with speed and intention to elevate the next generation of leaders.

These leaders focus on bringing innovative ideas to life to create a more equitable society, which aligns with our company’s goals of disrupting systemic racism.

What it does: Brings innovation and training to leaders of color in the field of education.

Surge alumni have launched their own businesses and moved into leadership roles within their own organizations.

What it does: A leadership development program that attracts, prepares, and positions people of color and women into social impact leadership positions and careers.

Alumni from the program serve in elected office and as heads of foundations and nonprofits across the country.

What it does: Works to revolutionize systems and inspire innovation by investing in Native Women in business.

Albuquerque based nonprofit organization does this by convening communities and building coalitions in ways that honor Native American culture and creativity.

Diversity, Equity InclusionWe passionately believe that infusing more diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE I) in all areas of our society will create a more just world.

It is also vital to our company’s success and to sparking innovation and growth that ultimately benefits all people.

We are putting the full weight of our resources into accelerating our longstanding DE I work, with the goal of driving lasting change and, ultimately, ensuring a more connected and equitable world.

We know this must start inside the walls of our company, where we continue to invest in hiring, development, and advancement strategies, and building a workforce culture that reflects the communities we proudly serve.

By doing so, we foster an inclusive and collaborative environment that empowers our greatest asset: our people.

Across our businesses, we have created pipeline and development programs for people from all backgrounds, as well as encouraged mobility, to ensure that we grow and retain the leaders of tomorrow.

In 2021, we continued to take intentional and deliberate steps backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our employees.

Your Amazing Self, is represented in content throughout our color at every level of our organization.

As of 2021, our company reached the most inclusive employee nurture, and support.

That’s why we apply a DE I lens to our everyone’s voice is heard.

Create the Future with Us, highlights the unique diversity data.

We strive to be a company where every employee feels welcomed and embraced as their true authentic selves, and one where the many vibrant experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that make up our special organization are celebrated and valued.

We are also focused on forging new strategic partnerships with universities, community impact organizations, civil rights groups, and nonprofits to diversify our candidate pipeline.

Universal Filmed Entertainment Group (UFEG) recently launched its Below the Line Traineeship for underrepresented talent and Universities (HBCUs) are a key element of our pursuing careers behind the camera.

As part of NBCUniversal’s commitment to promote DE I across all areas of film and TV recruitment strategy.

Our activities range from HBCU production, the paid traineeship kicked off with the director Jordan Peele's film Nope.

Coalition (ARC) and Hollywood Cinema Production Resources (Hollywood CPR), the program welcomed six trainees to the set, who organizations, and the on campus Xfinity HBCU Experience, were assigned to departments based on their area of study or interest.

In line with our efforts to provide more gateways into the industry, we could not be more excited to bring the Below the Line Traineeship to a new generation of talent.

At Comcast NBCUniversal, we aspire to create a place where diverse employee populations can grow both personally and professionally.

This centers on building a workplace where all people have the chance to develop their skills and embrace new experiences.

We offer training, networking, and development resources across all levels of the organization, with many programs tailored for employees of color, women, and other underrepresented communities.

We’re creating a workplace where everyone can bring their whole self to work and have the opportunity to succeed.

EVP Chief Diversity Officer NBCUniversal embrace new experiences.

NBCUniversal’s Elevate Talent Lab experiences, designed to identify, engage and empower underrepresented talent, including Black, Asian Pacific Islander, and Hispanic Latino talent, across the NBCUniversal portfolio.

The Talent Catalyst program provides employees with services and resources to pursue cross functional career opportunities.

The two year program prepares potential successors for VP level roles, pairing participants with executive sponsors and assignments focused on areas of the business outside their current roles.

Comcast Cable is launching a host of DE I centered coaching programs, many of which focus on women, to help leaders build both their careers and inclusive teams.

Tone Networks is an online learning and coaching platform designed for women, with tools focused on leadership, professional growth, allyship, and more.

The Cru uses technology to help women meet their personal and professional goals by developing meaningful relationships with like minded peers and diversifying their networks.

CoachDiversity helps senior executives sharpen their emotional intelligence and gain a clear understanding of how to overcome unconscious bias for greater empathy, self awareness, and more equitable decision making.

Chapter ImageThrough every aspect of our company, we embrace diversity of background, perspective, and experience.

In 2021, we expanded our efforts to champion a culture of inclusion and advance a society where everyone has the opportunity to realize a future of limitless possibilities.

To truly understand how we can drive inclusivity throughout the company, we hosted employee listening sessions and conducted interviews with leaders across every level of the company.

To support the development of our ERG projects, programs, to help steward our workplace inclusion strategy.

Corporate DE I Advisory Council is comprised of national civil fund.

Each ERG will receive 62,500 to elevate their work.

LGBTQ communities, women, and people with disabilities.

The council helps us ensure accountability and drive progress enterprise collaboration and the development of a shared also pilots and previews new products or policies that are the in critical DE I focus areas.

Similar councils have formed at different levels of the company to inform and support our efforts as well, giving even more teammates a voice in shaping our plans to champion equity.

These are voluntary, employee led networks dedicated to developing the careers of our employees, providing community volunteer opportunities, and building an inclusive and collaborative workplace.

Our nine ERGs include more than 35,000 members in over 225 chapters across Comcast NBCUniversal, engaging people at all levels of the organization, empowering employees to drive business results while supporting an inclusive, collaborative company culture.

Comcast NBCUniversal is a far more diverse company than it was 10 years ago.

And I'm very proud of the role UnidosUS and the Corporate DE I Advisory Council have played in that regard.

We have built a thriving community with the Comcast APA ERG, and I love being a part of it.

Terms like inclusion are so important because it means trying to understand.

Because you don’t have to be’ to belong allyship and cross community collaboration is the key to inclusion.

Indigenous ERG was launched on October 11, 2021, in honor of Indigenous Peoples’ Day.

MyAbilities ERG continued to empower and engage employees with disabilities, and to build cultural sensitivity and awareness.

LGBTQ figures throughout history, and an LGBTQ streaming cinema.

Beyond ERGs, employees come together in other ways.

BENgineers provides Black engineers at Comcast with a forum to share ideas, learnings, opportunities, and career guidance.

My purpose is to be on the forefront as a woman of color in this space, representing people who look like me and letting them know they can thrive here.

Comcast NBCUniversal the first transgender woman to win a Golden Globe and be features education, as well as action steps, toward holding all nominated for an Emmy.

Development organization, and our Employee Relations team, mental health workshops to help employees navigate the the OUT ERG helped drive the creation of a Pronoun Guide for trauma of racism and discrimination.

Transgender Employees to help raise awareness and build sparked a national conversation on Asian identity and deeper understanding within our teams and company about discrimination.

To commemorate Asian American and transgender and gender non binary experiences.

We remain committed to using our collective voice to drive awareness and empower Asian American employees and communities.

Innovator of the Year for our efforts to create an inclusive workplace where employees of all abilities can thrive in support of business innovation, and to create content that tells the remarkable stories of people impacted by our commitment to accessibility and empowered by our inclusive technologies to live more independent lives.

Comcast NBCUniversal’s support will enable us to continue to speak out against the wave of senseless crimes and hate being perpetrated against members of the AAPI community, and call for social justice and civility.

Employees received a canvas to paint and mail back to the artists, who combined the artwork into murals to display at local nonprofit partner locations.

Celebrating Diverse Storytellers initiative, which brings the nation’s most pressing issues to the forefront of public consciousness, is extending beyond its traditional public service announcement (PSA) format in 2022, with timely, relevant and inclusive video segments streaming on Peacock and promoted across digital and social media.

For Black History Month 2022, we marked the first anniversary of the Black Experience on Xfinity by unveiling an expansive, on demand collection of movies, TV shows, and documentaries championing the cinematic achievements of independent Black filmmakers and the legacy of civil rights pioneers.

Mi gente, presente collection of bilingual and bicultural content to celebrate Hispanic Heritage month.

American discrimination and its ties to the current climate and the We Belong campaign promoted a video tribute to AAPI contributions to our country’s history across national, local, and digital NBC platforms.

Advancing our diversity and equity priorities requires strategic alignment, impassioned leadership, and seamless collaboration.

These leaders take on key DE I issues related to governance, public policy, education, and training.

They also share open positions with their networks to ensure qualified candidates from underrepresented backgrounds both within and outside the organization are considered.

We’ll continue to prioritize fostering a culture that includes collaboration, communication, and diversity and inclusion.

A: One reason I joined the company 21 years ago was seeing tools, enabling teams to reimagine collaboration, and come senior leaders during the interview process who looked like together and build inclusive connections.

And, like many others here, I’ve benefited from the continuous investment Comcast has made in my career.

A: We continue to ensure DE I is baked into everything we do from a talent and operational perspective.

A: I have the opportunity to combine my passions: I get to our organization.

We also apply a DE I lens to our customer focus on hiring and developing diverse talent and, experience, which includes marketing, developmental operationally, I get to apply a DE I lens to our business opportunities, products, and community outreach.

Resources, with a focus on establishing frameworks for DE I accountability and driving employee training, career development, and education.

A: We have stepped in through our benefits programs, personal and professional growth.

A: My advice would be to start networking early on.

It would have been helpful as I was entering the workforce to reach beyond what was right in front of me to make deeper connections in the community and intentionally build my network.

Now more than ever, media has the power to bring people together for moments of connection and inspiration.

We use our storytelling platforms to deliver programming that is representative of the diverse audiences and communities we serve, while working to ensure more people can access and experience our content through a commitment to inclusive innovation.

Olympic and Paralympic Games on their personal devices and computers.

For the 2020 and 2022 Games in Tokyo and Beijing, respectively, we delivered the most inclusive and accessible viewing experiences ever, giving fans of all abilities the opportunity to enjoy the action.

For the 2020 Games in Tokyo, we introduced closed captioning which provides text of the audio coverage for viewers who are deaf or hard of hearing on all coverage aired across NBCUniversal’s broadcast and cable networks, and for all digital livestreams.

These services intersperse broadcast audio with voiceovers describing the live action with context, for blind or visually impaired customers.

Games, including those aired outside primetime hours.

Delivering Inclusive TV Experiences generation: the Team of Tomorrow.

In our Summer Games ad first Black athlete to win a gold medal at the Winter Games titled Lines, U.S. Olympic gold medalist Simone Manuel changed her life two decades ago.

We were proud to play a role in delivering a history making accessibility experience during the Super Bowl LVI shared a powerful message about breaking barriers both in starting block, I do it for so many it’s for all the young Black telecast.

League (NFL) and National Association of the Deaf (NAD) where the only lines that need to be crossed are finish lines.

We are committed to creating content that authentically reflects the world we live in, and increasing opportunities for those with disabilities is an integral part of that.

Remote for Xfinity X1 and Flex TV offers unprecedented control of Live and On Demand TV, streaming music, and smart home technology.

In 2021, we focused on breaking new ground with by people with disabilities.

New features include custom innovative products such as a large button remote and eye push button commands instead of voice commands, an control.

When you make a product more inclusive, you create a better experience for everyone.

Comcast’s Accessibility Support Center agents are trained to assist customers with vision, hearing, and cognitive impairments, as well as mobility challenges.

In addition, customers who are deaf or having hearing impairments can receive support from agents in American Sign Language (ASL).

Accessibility is integrated into the Xfinity X1 experience, from the award winning Voice Remote to the first talking guide, audio description, and enhanced closed captions.

EYE Control, a web based version of the Voice Remote that allows customers with disabilities to control their X1 experience from their web browser.

Xfinity Adaptive Remote description or voice guidance.

The partnership will engage people with physical and speech disabilities, as well as caregivers, clinicians, technologists, and assistive technology partners, to accelerate innovation to create better experiences for everyone in the home, and bring disability perspectives to the forefront.

Our partnership with Comcast allows us to continue innovating on technology that provides people with ALS and other physical disabilities the latest in accessibility functions.

Discrimination and bias exist for disabled people working in films and television.

Foundation, has pledged to include actors with disabilities in auditions for all new film and television productions.

Valuable 500, a global collective of CEOs and companies innovating together for disability inclusion.

International Day of Persons with Disabilities by launching its first ever content collection highlighting inspiring documentaries that feature people with disabilities.

As communities of color and women continue to bear the serving the financial needs of women.

As a Mission Partner, brunt of the COVID 19 pandemic, we are accelerating our we will help bridge the gender gap in access to capital.

We are the fund’s first corporate investor, and our 10 million engagement with diverse suppliers, we are living out our contribution will help credit unions led by and or serving commitment to narrowing the wealth gap.

Investing for Impact homeowners, and consumers from underrepresented communities.

Seibert Williams Shank Co. sponsored fund committed to providing employment, job training, and educational opportunities in underserved communities.

In 2021, we deepened our efforts to advance racial equity by investor, we will help Clear Vision provide loans to minority investing in institutions owned by members of marginalized owned or operated businesses that have traditionally lacked communities that promote equitable access to capital.

We are deeply committed to advancing the economic inclusion of underrepresented businesses.

As part of this, we promote, increase, and improve the participation of within our supply chain that are owned by women, people of color, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and LGBTQ individuals.

When we do business with companies that strive to promote diversity, they help create jobs for people within their communities, distributing more opportunity and wealth.

We are proud to be the first media and technology company inducted into the Billon Dollar Roundtable, a prestigious corporate advocacy group that celebrates companies that spend at least 1 billion with diverse owned businesses.

The Billion Dollar Roundtable promotes and shares best practices in supply chain diversity excellence, and encourages corporate entities to continue growing their supplier diversity programs by increasing commitment and spending levels each year.

Over the past five years, we have spent at least 3 billion each year with diverse suppliers.

We rely on MasTec, an infrastructure construction and maintenance company specializing in wireless and wireline fiber communications, to deploy 5G fiber for the delivery of high speed broadband Internet service to our customers.

We are honored to be a part of Comcast’s push to deliver an ever growing suite of innovative high speed video content and communications products to their customers, says Jos Mas, CEO, MasTec.

Our enterprise wide supplier diversity commitment allows us to contribute to the overall economic growth and well being of the communities in which we live and work.

Excellence) Accelerator Program is an industry first the first capacity building initiative geared toward developing and investing in diverse owned businesses specializing in media, marketing, and digital technology.

KST Data is an AAPI owned computer equipment reseller and managed service provider based in Los Angeles.

The company has served as an extension of our IT organization, handling computer hardware procurement, setup, asset management, and on site tech support.

Diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential to our business.

All diversity data in this report are for Comcast NBCUniversal only.

Workforce metrics are reflective of our U.S. full time employees.

Ethnic diversity numbers may not sum to total due to rounding.

Our Executive Leadership Team includes Comcast’s Senior Vice Presidents and above, as well as NBCUniversal’s Executive and Management Committees.

Directors included 30% women and 30% people of color.

As of the date of the annual meeting on June 1, 2022, when Nomi Bergman’s directorship ends, our Board of Directors will include 22% women and 33% people of color.

Total Diversity refers to people of color and women, without double counting women of color.

We track our spending with both Tier 1 (direct purchases from approximately 3,250 diverse suppliers) and Tier 2, direct and indirect subcontracting spend reported from non diverse owned suppliers.

In lm and on TV, the representation of diverse individuals, cultures, and stories on screen is vitally important to our viewers and our company.

To ensure we’re telling authentic stories that resonate with a wide range of audiences, we strive to have diverse perspectives in every aspect of our programming at NBCUniversal.

Metrics refer to the NBCUniversal on screen on air and behind the camera workforce we do not have the metrics for the content on our Xfinity platforms.

As a company uniquely positioned to educate, entertain, and empower, we are committed to bringing together diverse communities and inspiring our customers, audiences, and employees to make a positive social impact.

Over the last three years, we’ve invested 594 million total in cash and in kind giving benefiting people of color.

EnvironmentAt Comcast, we believe in protecting the environment where we live and work to ensure a sustainable planet now and long into the future.

That’s why we’ve set a goal to be carbon neutral by 2035.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions, or the direct and indirect emissions we own and control across our global operations.

We’re proud of the progress we made in 2021, reducing our emissions 19% over 2020.

The main drivers of this reduction were sourcing more renewable electricity and reducing energy usage all while growing our business.

The greening of the U.S. electricity grid also contributed to our emissions reductions.

With purchased electricity accounting for the majority of our emissions, we are continuing to invest in clean, renewable energy.

This means shifting to solar, wind, and other clean sources of electricity.

For our fleet, we are piloting electric and hybrid vehicles, with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) working with drivers to reduce idle time, and installing frameworks.

We expect that, over time, our attention to sourcing through industry leading recycling solutions, offering new renewable energy and honing efficiency across our global sustainable products and packaging, and drawing upon the operations will bring us close to our carbon neutral goal.

We creativity of our sets and storytellers to showcase the will likely need to address any remaining emissions we cannot possibilities of a sustainable future one we can all create eliminate directly by purchasing carbon offsets.

Sourcing renewable energy and transitioning to an electric fleet may sound like simple solutions for decarbonizing our business, but there are myriad challenges that will need to be overcome to meet our carbon neutral goal and the decarbonization goals of society at large.

These challenges include certain factors beyond our control, including political, economic, regulatory, and geopolitical conditions, the evolution of carbon offset markets, and limited large scale public and private sector investments and innovations in technology and infrastructure.

For example, a widescale clean energy transition will require expanded policies and market mechanisms, enhanced grid resiliency, and greater energy innovation.

In addition, most next generation technologies beyond renewables are still too costly for large scale deployment or are not yet available.

For example, certain types of electric vehicles, such as the bucket trucks used in our operations, do not exist today and may not be manufactured for years to come.

Our carbon neutral strategy is centered around shifting to zero carbon, renewable electricity.

Power purchase agreements (PPAs) and other supplier contracts that create additional renewable energy capacity.

Existing renewable energy available through supplier programs and renewable energy certificates (RECs).

In 2021, we signed Comcast’s first large scale renewable underway.

In Houston, Comcast is already purchasing 100% committed in 2021 to source Green e RECs to provide facilities energy agreement to purchase 250 megawatts (MW) of solar renewable energy for our cable facilities and network for the Philadelphia Flyers and the National Lacrosse League’s electricity that will power approximately 12% of our current operations.

Philadelphia Wings with 100% renewable electricity.

U.S. operations with renewable energy beginning in 2025.

The renewable resources for 10 years, covering approximately 20% deal will allow Comcast to reduce the carbon dioxide of Comcast Cable’s operations in the state.

Comcast will source local electricity from a new solar project renewable electricity in line with its 2020 commitment metric tons annually equivalent to avoiding the emissions that will deliver approximately 20% of the Oregon Southwest through on site renewable electricity generation, renewable from more than 65,000 homes’ electricity use for a year.

This marks the first of many major green investments that are already underway or on the immediate horizon which demonstrate our commitment to sustainable, responsible business.

In addition to sourcing more renewable energy, we are installing clean energy solutions on our own buildings and facilities to reduce our carbon footprint.

In Hillsborough, New Jersey, Comcast Cable recently completed the construction of a 487 kilowatt (kW) solar system to provide approximately 50% of the facility’s annual energy consumption.

A second phase of the project initiated in early 2022 includes installation of a microgrid to store excess power from the solar system.

NBCUniversal has installed 548 kW of solar panels on the roofs of four sound stages at the Universal Studios Lot to generate enough power for more than half of the site’s energy needs.

Eight new sound stages are currently under construction at the Universal Studios Lot and will feature a combined 1 MW of rooftop solar.

NBCUniversal is assessing more options for on site solar at locations across its Orlando and Los Angeles theme parks and campuses.

In the United Kingdom, Sky Studios Elstree has the ambition to be the world’s most sustainable film and TV studio when it opens this fall.

The project is tracking a 24% reduction in embodied carbon in construction, and plans are in place to install over 10,000 square meters of solar panels on available roof space.

All additional energy needs not generated on site will be sourced from 100% renewable electricity.

No gas or fossil fuels will be used to power day to day operations and all studio vehicles will be electric.

Sky will also harvest rainwater to irrigate landscaping and pre vet all preferred suppliers with sustainability in mind.

Sourcing renewable energy is essential to delivering a low carbon network.

This means shifting to newer, more energy efficient technologies, facilities, and systems across the thousands of miles of our network.

Comcast Cable's network serves more than 34 million residential and business customers.

Because of the size and geographic diversity of our network, we are continuously engineering our physical network architecture to perform optimally under the widest possible range of conditions to help ensure our teams and technologies are ready to meet whatever comes.

For example, when a record breaking heat wave scorched the consumption, capital investment, facility space, and cooling reliable network is a resilient one.

Pacific Northwest in June 2021, Comcast Cable’s West Division requirements.

All in all, our critical facilities operate through more than 350 energy per consumed terabyte help meet rapid changes in customer demand and keep our commercial power interruptions on average per month, decreased nearly 30%.

Our commitment to sustainable innovation includes designing environmentally friendly products and packaging that improve the entertainment experience, save our customers energy and money, and lower our impact on the planet.

Many people may not think of reducing energy use while watching TV, but we do.

In 2021, Sky Glass was introduced as the world’s first TV certified as a CarbonNeutral product.

The smart streaming TV, which debuted in the U.K. and will launch across Europe in 2022, integrates all hardware, software, and Sky Inside content into a single device, helping customers reduce electricity use compared to running a separate TV, soundbar and Sky Q set top box.

Built in power saving features include an auto off mode and auto adjusting screen brightness.

All Sky Glass packaging is 100% recyclable, includes Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified cardboard, and no single use plastic.

To offset the energy the Sky Glass TV does use, as well as the embedded carbon in the manufacturing process, Sky purchases Energy Attribute Certificates and obtains carbon offsets from renewable energy generation.

In addition, Sky Glass has supported a reforestation project in Scotland, planting 200,000 native trees.

We set out to design innovative packaging as a core part of the project.

Working on this from the very start means that we now offer market leading packaging with a minimal environmental footprint.

We are designing our packaging to be more environmentally conscious and user friendly.

The patented package is made with select, renewable, FSC certified materials such as responsibly sourced bamboo, sugarcane, paper, and soy ink.

On package messaging encourages customers to reuse and store their favorite items in the capsule or recycle it with other paper products.

Xfinity Eco Capsule collectively improve the energy efficiency of TV set top boxes.

Internet Protocol (IP) video with much lower power IP boxes.

Our efforts to eliminate waste extend to a variety of products to recycle coaxial cables at the end of their lifecycle.

Environmental’s pioneering recycling technology breaks down equipment waste from landfills.

Comcast Cable has internal these multilayered cables which consist of an aluminum e waste management programs requiring device recycling and copper shield with an outer plastic jacket into raw business partners to be Responsible Recycling ( R2 ) certified, materials that can be reintroduced and resold helping to which is a widely accepted international certification for significantly reduce landfill waste and bring approximately responsible electronics recycling.

Comcast works to continually recycle or divert cable equipment waste, and we have been in constant search for new technologies to maximize the recyclability and reusability of coax cable materials at end of life.

Downton’ went above and beyond in their sustainability efforts.

From lovingly reusing older sets, to traveling by train in lieu of domestic flights, they really embraced the program and understood the importance of reducing their environmental impact.

Our commitment to environmental stewardship extends to the set and the screen through responsible production practices and compelling storytelling that showcases the possibilities of a sustainable future.

Over 70 productions across our film and TV portfolio participate each year.

Downton Abbey: A New Era and using sustainable plywood for set walls.

Alliance, a consortium of film, television, and streaming screen.

The test gives all new Sky Original programming a companies dedicated to reducing the entertainment pre production guide to help determine if the content can industry’s environmental impact by advancing sustainability raise awareness of key environmental issues and show initiatives through advocacy, education, and innovation.

Producers Guild of America Foundation’s PGA Green Initiative to host GreenProductionGuide.com, a free resource to all filmmakers that includes tools, green vendors, and detailed reports dedicated to advancing sustainable production.

Across all of Sky’s productions, teams are reducing their carbon footprint as part of Sky’s commitment to become net zero by 2030.

Sky has also implemented sustainable production principles broadcasts have been carbon neutral since January 2021.

Sports News channel has also now become a carbon neutral production.

The Environmental Media Association (EMA) Green Seal program recognizes progress in sustainable production.

In 2021, 46 NBCUniversal film and TV shows received EMA Green Seals for their sustainability efforts behind the scenes.

Additionally, NBCUniversal took home two EMA Awards.

In September 2021, Sky set out to present the world’s first net zero carbon football game at an elite level and inspire millions of fans to reduce their own carbon footprint.

For the net zero carbon game, the football club employed creative ways to lower these emissions: Players traveled to the stadium in buses powered by green biodiesel, and fans were encouraged to walk, take the train, or drive electric or hybrid cars.

Tottenham Hotspur Stadium was powered by 100% renewable energy, and all food served was locally and sustainably sourced.

We hope that Game Zero is the first of many major net zero carbon sporting events and will inspire long term change.

As content creators and platform owners, we use our voice to acknowledge and raise awareness of the environmental issues that impact us all.

We are using our programming to spread awareness in many other ways.

In 2021, we leveraged the reach of our programming and personalities to spotlight pressing climate challenges facing our world.

The goal Inspiring thoughtful conversation on creating a more sustainable planet.

Show follows correspondents as they investigate how climate change is changing our landscape and lives.

In September 2021, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and Late Night With Seth Meyers joined their late night counterparts for Climate Night, focusing their programming on climate change during Climate Week NYC.

At Sky, we have set out our pathway to achieve net zero carbon, but we know this alone won’t be enough.

We’re publishing these research results in full as an open tool for content creators and broadcasters to work together to deliver the behavior change required to meet our net zero ambitions.

In 2021, Sky was a Principal Partner and Media Partner of COP26, the United Nations Climate Change Conference, an event where government and business leaders gather to help build a better future for our planet.

At the conference in Glasgow, Sky Group CEO Dana Strong co presented a study designed to help content creators and broadcasters inspire viewers to take action to address climate change.

The report, The Power of TV: Nudging Viewers to Decarbonize their Lifestyles, found 80% of poll respondents support the idea of broadcasters using content and advertising to encourage people to adopt more environmentally positive behaviors.Dana Strong speaks at COP26COP266501 Message02 project upSupporting Sustainability through Storytelling and Production22 Diversity, equity inclusion51 EnvironmentComcast NBCUniversal2022 Impact Report We are committed to using the power of our platforms, our people, and our reach to create positive change and a more equitable society.

By supporting local communities, our teammates, and our planet we can help create a world of open possibilities so together, we can build a future that benefits generations to come.

We thank our employees, partners, customers, and communities for their partnership, dedication, and support.