Some parts of the report also cover prior years as well as give forward looking statements.

Unless speci ed, the monetary amounts shown in this report are all presented in RMB.

The report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Additional disclosures can be found in our appendices.

This report is presented in electronic versions in the ESG section of the Group’s o cial website (https: al ibabagroup.com en ir esg).

A Chinese version, an English version, and printer friendly versions are available.

In case of con icts between the two languages, the Chinese version shall take precedence.

We value any feedback and opinions, which can be e mailed to us at ESG alibaba inc.com.

Our mission: To make it easy to do business anywhere.

Our vision: We aspire to be a good company that will last for 102 years.

Our mission: to make it easy to do business anywhere.

Our founders started our company to champion small businesses, in the belief that the Internet would level the playing eld by enabling small enterprises to leverage innovation and technology to grow and compete more e ectively in domestic and global economies.

We believe that concentrating on customer needs and solving their problems whether those customers are consumers, merchants, or enterprises ultimately will lead to the best outcome for our business.

In the digital era, we are staying true to our mission by helping our customers and business partners harness the power of digital technology.

We have developed an ecosystem powered by technology infrastructure that enables participants to create and share value on our platforms.

Our decisions are guided by how they serve our mission over the long term, not by the pursuit of short term gains.

Our vision: we aspire to be a good company that will last for 102 years.

For a company that was founded in 1999, lasting for 102 years means we will have spanned three centuries.

Our culture, business models, and systems are built to last, so that we can achieve sustainability in the long run.

As we continue to expand our businesses, Alibaba has evolved into an ecosystem that is unique, energetic, and innovative.

ESG not only provides a framework for tackling a series of global challenges, but is also the bridge to carry Alibaba to 102 years and beyond.

The extreme weather this summer is fueling global anxiety that the impact of climate change is not far removed in the future.

Historical data shows that each decade since the 1960s has been hotter than the previous.

Yet extreme weather is but one example of a world facing increasing uncertainty.

The COVID pandemic is now in its third year, while geopolitical con icts continue to intensify alongside emerging energy and food crises.

Goals (SDGs), such as eradicating poverty, reducing inequality, and mitigating climate change, does not warrant optimism.

Alibaba's vision is to be a good company that will last for 102 years.

We were founded in 1999, and 102 years would give us a foothold across three centuries.

This will require resilience to overcome major economic cycles and unexpected challenges.

Our original vision is a testament to this long term thinking, and shows our commitment to addressing issues faced by our communities and to creating value beyond only commercial outcomes.

For us to last for 102 years in a healthy and sustainable fashion, we must manage our impact on the environment, our relationship with society at large, and our long term corporate governance.

We believe the e ective implementation of ESG strategies should align with both global standards and China's practices.

Carbon), common prosperity, rural revitalization, and educational equity, which are highly consistent with the action items advocated by the SDGs and o er guidance for exploring value creation beyond commercial outcomes.

We believe ESG designs and practices in China will evolve to incorporate unique local characteristics.

We believe in our responsibility and capability to be a driver of positive change more than ever.

As a digital platform company, Alibaba's growth story is a history of innovation in the business applications of technology and the creation of new business formats with the many participants in our ecosystem.

Today our digital platforms have brought together more than 1.3 billion consumers and tens of millions of merchants and other organizations.

How to work with them to build a green and sustainable new business ecosystem and create value beyond commercial outcomes is a new expedition for all of us.

Of course, solving all these challenges and building a new business ecosystem is not something that can be done overnight, nor can any organization do it independently.

It requires the trust and collaboration of all stakeholders, including policymakers, businesses, and the general public all working together to discover innovative sustainable solutions.

Restoring our green planet: Addressing major environmental issues such as climate change.

Supporting our people: Building a people rst culture that o ers an equal, inclusive, and digni ed environment in which every employee can grow and develop.

Enabling a sustainable digital life: Leveraging the power of technology to bring a better and more responsible digital lifestyle for everyone.

The design of our ESG strategy is critical to the realization of this vision.

Fueling small businesses: Creating more growth opportunities for micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs) and framework to address universal risks and challenges but is also increasingly important as a global standard for entrepreneurs through technology and business innovations.

Last year, we formally announced that ESG would become a core pillar of Alibaba’s strategies.

Enhancing community inclusion and resilience: Sharing dividends of development with disadvantaged groups and underserved regions, and thus building more inclusive and resilient communities.

Facilitating participatory philanthropy: Fostering a culture of participatory philanthropy by integrating community and risk in the 79 years ahead and beyond.

It helps us develop a practical, clear, and persistent action plan with high quality and transparent metrics for continuous self evaluation and improvement.

We will share our progress through two reports: our Annual Report on the health of our business, and the ESG report on our progress in sustainability and the associated value we create.

Building corporate and social trust: Building corporate trust by establishing an e ective, transparent, and sound governance system building social trust with ethical technology and protecting user privacy and data security.

Over the past year, I have spent a lot of time working closely with our teams on Alibaba's ESG strategies and with compliance, transparency, and accountability.

At the beginning of this month, we announced two action plan, which has been my top priority.

To guide our strategy and execution, we are building a three tier new independent directors, bringing the total number of independent directors on our board to seven governance structure consisting of the sustainability committee at the board level, the sustainability steering out of twelve, or more than 50 percent, and the number of female board members to three.

We will committee (SSC) for management oversight, and the ESG working group.

We are proud that every bit of our progress in ESG has been inextricably connected with the economic and social growth of people's daily lives.

We are actively exploring how to use technology to better serve our ESG objectives, how to better integrate ESG into our business design, and how to promote public welfare more e ectively and sustainably in various social topics, such as ghting pandemics and natural disasters or supporting longer term endeavors including common prosperity, rural development, and Chinese cultural preservation.

Our e orts in addressing these topics help us develop a deeper understanding of our relationship with our times and the society we are in.

In December 2021, we released our Carbon Neutrality Action Report and made some important commitments.

These commitments will continue to impact generations of Alibaba employees, or Aliren.

Despite the many challenges ahead, we are hopeful.

The world is full of uncertainties and we are at a critical juncture for a new phase in sustainable development.

Under these circumstances, ESG is not just the right choice but also an opportunity to shape the future.

We will publish this ESG report annually to share periodic updates on our goals, actions, and progress.

We believe digitalization can not only bring connectivity and synergy, but also uniquely drive green transformation and sustainable change will only come with ongoing e orts across generations.

By now, carbon reduction is a priority across development.

We have pioneered methodologies for measuring Scope 3 emissions reduction with leading institutions and started industry collaborations with consumer companies on decarbonization friendly actions.

We have also recently rolled out a carbon ledger platform to make it easier for users across Alibaba’s ecosystem to participate in eco friendly actions.

As a general principle, we strive to make low carbon e orts go hand in hand with long term development.

Meanwhile, we have started to incorporate broader environmental commitments into future planning, including on water, natural resources, and biodiversity.

We also believe that the boundaries of social responsibility should be broader.

To begin with, we are committed to creating an equal, inclusive, and digni ed working environment for our employees, providing them with growth opportunities as well as fair and reasonable compensation and bene ts.

We are leveraging technology to support the high quality development of small businesses and the creation of inclusive and exible employment opportunities at scale while enabling more consumers to access a sustainable lifestyle.

We are contributing to building a digital rural economy and improving community resilience to combat pandemics and natural disasters.

We are promoting a culture of participatory philanthropy, which means charitable actions and social impact e orts can be in uential in addressing sustainable development challenges beyond business goals.

We are also continuing to pursue corporate governance excellence and earn the long term trust of consumers, customers, and other stakeholders.

We are leveraging industry leading technologies and capabilities to help build a trust system for digital business, including secure protection of user privacy and data security.

We hope the implementation of our ESG strategy will make Alibaba a better company.

The world collectively faces a host of issues that threaten our society's future, with the most pressing twin challenges being environmental degradation and socioeconomic inequality.

These risks are urgent and of a magnitude that puts them beyond the capacity of any singular institution or even country to address.

Understanding the scale and complexity of these challenges, the global community is coming together and engaging in concerted e orts.

For Alibaba, ESG is the bridge to carry us into a long term and sustainable future.

We are, after all, a company born with social responsibility in our DNA.

That begins with our mission to make it easy to do business anywhere.

Our platforms have helped over ten million small businesses to thrive and over a billion consumers to enjoy better lives.

To continue to make such contributions, Alibaba must do all it can to mitigate key societal challenges, for the long term sustainability of ourselves, our partners, and our communities at large.

Initiative, recommending that our business partners and industry peers, together with us, should: prosperity, and rural revitalization), and the budding corporate ESG movement.

As a technology driven platform company in this era, Alibaba should shoulder the responsibility to help mitigate these challenges.

Practice sustainable development in business activities and be transparent in ESG disclosure across the world.

We must bring to bear the full force of digital innovation, while also ensuring that every person and community that we serve can fully enjoy its bene ts.

In our view, there are three pillars prioritizing social responsibility, leveraging the strength of technology, and engaging the stakeholder ecosystem that serve as indispensable building blocks for systematic, scalable, and collaborative solutions to sustainability challenges.

Businesses touch upon all three pillars and should help gather these forces to identify solutions that align with the public interest.

Digital platforms are especially well positioned to link the three building blocks to create ecosystems, both for business and beyond, that are technology powered and socially responsible.

Commit to delivering on long term sustainable development objectives to ensure a better future for businesses, communities, countries, and the planet.

By December 2021, we had codi ed our recommendations into a robust system, declaring ESG as one of Alibaba's top priorities in our business strategies and future growth.

On that basis, we are championing responsible technology, and committing to the inseparable link between our own future and a sustainable future for all.

In designing our ESG strategy based on the three pillars social responsibility, technological strength, and multiple stakeholder engagement we have developed a systematic ve step approach to position, integrate, coordinate, amplify, and complement our ESG goals.

Positioning and targeting: Through extensive communication with relevant stakeholders such as consumers, employees, investors, governments, partners, and communities, and considering the most pressing societal challenges and Alibaba’s own characteristics and capabilities, we have identi ed the issues of greatest priority.

We have further clari ed our strategic positioning with ESG as central to our core strategy, and we are committed to being a technology company that promotes human well being and protects the planet, so that people and nature can develop in a sustainable way.

Integrating ESG into business design: Only by establishing social responsibility as a core element of business design, combined with technological and business innovations, can sustainability truly become the engine of enterprise development.

This means that ESG goals must be integrated into strategic planning, business positioning, and operations.

Promoting coordinated transformation of the related business ecosystem: With social responsibility as our strategic goal, we should innovate and reform our system from the inside out and across the value chain, together with suppliers, NGOs, and ecosystem partners.

Amplifying impact through platform technology: Platform technology companies can widely reach and connect multiple participants, promoting collaboration between them.

Amplifying impact through platform technology social progress on a large scale.

Charity for sustainability: We coordinate our philanthropic e orts and ESG priorities to complement and go beyond the business and address broader environmental and social challenges.

By conducting materiality assessments in extensive exchanges with stakeholder groups, we have identi ed 22 ESG material issues at Alibaba (for details, see Appendix 4), which we organize into seven action dimensions of our long term ESG plan.

This is represented in our Alibaba seven petal ESG ower.

The seven strategy goals are closely aligned with the UN’s 17 SDGs and China’s key development policy initiatives.

Building corporate trust by establishing an e ective, transparent, and sound governance system building social trust with ethical technology, and protecting user privacy and data security.

Fostering a culture of participatory philanthropy by integrating community resources with creative platform innovations.

Sharing dividends of development with disadvantaged groups and underserved regions, and thus building more inclusive and resilient communities.

Addressing major environmental issues such as climate change.

Building a people rst culture that o ers an equal, inclusive, and digni ed environment in which every employee can grow and develop.

Leveraging the power of technology to bring a better and more responsible digital lifestyle for everyone.

Creating more growth opportunities for micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs) and entrepreneurs through technology and business innovations.

The essence of ESG is to pursue the sustainable development of both human beings and the natural world.

This goal is touched on by all the petals: Alibaba needs to build trust with all our stakeholders, with a particular aim of supporting our people internally.

With our ecosystem stakeholders working in concert, we can take the steps necessary to restore our green planet while simultaneously providing consumers with a better, sustainable digital life and providing a platform for the development of small businesses.

All of these go hand in hand with e orts we must make to enhance the economic inclusion and resilience of communities and simultaneously facilitate everyone's participation in tackling our social challenges.

Restoring Our Green Planet To help mitigate climate change, the central issue of the present environmental crisis, we have made ambitious carbon pledges that cover our operations (Scopes 1 and 2), our value chain (Scope 3), and our platform ecosystem (Scope 3 ).

We have been proactive in pioneering the concept of Scope 3 to re ect a platform operator's potential and responsibility to go above and beyond its own carbon emissions.

We are fully committed to our pledges and will work relentlessly to speed up our carbon transition in the following directions.

Beyond carbon emissions, we have also with greener materials and clean energy, digital optimization, developed programs and targets for tackling and recycling.

We strive to be a company retail stores, cloud computing, and logistics.

Alibaba Supplier ESG Code of Conduct, we encourage our suppliers to establish their own emission reduction plans.

We've pioneered more environmentally conscious product categories, such as China’s rst large scale batch of certi ed low carbon organic agricultural products.

Under its guidance, we developed a digital carbon reduction measurement system, and launched our carbon ledger platform covering multiple apps, already helping over 20 million users practice carbon reduction.

Action program in concert with many leading brands.

We value having a diverse set of people, talents, roles, views, and cultures at Alibaba.

We have always had a deep reservoir of female leadership.

Women comprise 39% of leaders in our senior management team, and our workforce is evenly split by gender.

We eschew hierarchy to promote candid and open communication at all levels, including regular employee chats with our Chairman and CEO, Daniel Zhang.

We retain and advance motivated and talented people with competitive compensation, including salary, bonus, and equity incentive awards.

Our bene ts package goes above and beyond the average and extends to the families of employees.

We run a large internal training and development program.

In FY2022, the average training time per employee reached 49 hours.

We also actively promote internal job mobility, with 7,707 positions lled internally in FY2022, making Alibaba itself a dynamic talent market.

We put signi cant e ort into crafting vibrant, healthy workplaces with a happy work culture.

We take our employees' safety seriously, with a multi layered safety and response system.

We are committed to helping consumers achieve better lives in increasingly responsible and sustainable ways.

Unlike other recent industrial revolutions, this is an era in which small players can be competitive.

We promote sustainable consumption with the following four characteristics: hope that the stakeholder ecosystem we have built with our partners can support the sustained growth of small businesses.

A better life requires diverse products and services.

We run the world's largest consumer market with billions of SKUs on o er, allowing consumers to access a diverse array of products with di erent functions, brands, price levels, and delivery speeds.

Our platforms provide transparent price comparison tools that help consumers nd the best value for their money.

We continually extend our services to remote and less a uent regions: more than 70% of new users in China last year came from relatively less developed regions.

We make e orts to ensure digital tools are accessible to traditionally genuineness, safety, and quality of goods and services on our platform.

We are also making consumer privacy protection a top priority.

We communicate to our users the scope of data collection with transparency, require user authorization to do so, and facilitate opting out of data based recommendations at any time.

We foster responsible consumption on our platforms by banning dangerous and harmful products, promoting a green marketplace of sustainable goods, underserved groups, such as senior citizens and and encouraging sustainable consumption habits.

In FY2022, 305,000 the end of FY2022, the Cainiao box recycling program visually impaired users were active on Taobao.

We have created opportunities for over ten billion in technology related areas.

We believe million MSMEs on our e commerce platforms, responsible technology should be e cient, green, and an estimated 60 million jobs.

For many years we made use of the leveling power of technology to have been consecutively ranked rst among Chinese create jobs for women and historically rms in open source activity.

We provide our customers and ecosystem partners disabilities.

We develop technology driven market access and business infrastructure allowing MSMEs to be more competitive while retaining their exibility and vitality.

The urban rural socioeconomic divide is the largest inequality challenge in China, a situation paralleled around the world.

At the same time, economic development is not sustainable if society, especially disadvantaged groups within it, sees disasters and crises wiping out their hard earned progress.

First, we continue to spur economic development by building the e commerce market into rural areas.

In 2019, Alibaba was the rst technology company to receive the National Poverty Alleviation Organization Innovation Award in China.

In 2021, we helped sell RMB128.1 billion of products from 832 counties previously categorized as impoverished under China’s national standards, and Alibaba was awarded as a National Exemplary Orga nization in Poverty Alleviation.

Second, we help revitalize rural value chains by bringing much needed business infrastructure, production technologies, and even marketing and branding skills to rural areas.

Third, we dispatch experienced employees as rural commissioners and rural technology o cers to help craft local development solutions.

At the same time, we run programs that promote digital education, cultivate rural talent, help to create local jobs, and improve schools and medical facilities.

We build our own resilience capabilities to support the operation of the business ecosystem and better respond to society's needs during crises.

Since the outbreak of the pandemic, we have leveraged our digital capabilities, including in operations, market access, and logistics to support society.

These e orts include the procurement and donation of medical supplies and necessities, and the use of our technological capacity to tackle COVID 19.

We share technologies to improve disaster forecasts, coordination, and recovery, seeking to promote broader societal resilience.

DAMO Academy’s Medical AI Team received the award National Exemplary Organization for Pandemic Response in Science and Technology from China's Ministry of Science and Technology.

Meanwhile, our logistics arm Cainiao worked with partners to distribute over 260 million pieces of medical supplies to over 150 countries, including cold chain deliveries of life saving vaccines to 11 developing countries.

Cainiao was awarded the Silver Stevie Award for Most Valuable Enterprise Response for global COVID 19 e orts.

Our approach to philanthropy is centered on the notion that public service should be widely participatory.

Our Three Hours for a Better World asks all employees to give at least three hours to a cause annually.

In 2022, DAMO Academy created a digital sign language interpreter to help the hearing impaired better navigate the world.

We support a unique employee led and elected Alibaba Philanthropy Committee.

We draw upon our expertise in technology to directly tackle social issues: Our engineers and other employees gave their time to build and run the Reunion System to help locate missing children.

Over the past 6 years, the system has sent alerts for 5,038 missing children and assisted in the recovery of 4,960 of them.

In the latest program year alone, we assisted in the recovery of 253 children.

We deploy our resources to be a force multiplier and a tool to help those already doing good We launched Green Code, a volunteer tech service platform connecting over 330 organizations and 6,000 programmers.

Our XIN 100 philanthropic support program aims to provide 100 projects with resources and skills to enhance their work.

We leverage our platforms to involve everyone in philanthropy: In FY2022, Goods for Good engaged over 2.2 million merchants and 500 million consumers in channeling shopping proceeds to charitable projects in line with our social purpose.

World to the public, logging over 600 million volunteer sessions.

Building Trust Becoming a company that earns long term corporate and social trust from all its stakeholders is imperative if we are to ful ll our social responsibility.

To earn corporate trust, we have established a transparent and robust system of governance across all levels of the organization.

Alibaba bene ts from having a dynamic and diverse board of directors as well as a unique partnership system that looks out for the company's mission, vision, and values.

In 2021, we set up a three tier sustainability governance structure to support our ESG actions.

We maintain rigorous risk management systems that give us multiple lines of defense to spot and rectify risks.

We maintain high standards of business conduct for all of our managers, employees, and partners.

To earn social trust, we created a Science and Technology Ethics Governance Committee this year to ensure our technologies will always be developed and used for ethical purposes.

We strive to be a leader in user data privacy and security protection, which are foundational to our services.

In 2015 Alibaba Cloud launched China's rst Data Protection Initiative to protect our business customers with three principles: you own your data you manage your data your data is protected.

The six pillars of Alibaba Cloud's security protection, including anti DDoS, web application rewall, cloud security center, cloud rewall, business risk control, and con dential computing, have all received recognition from leading global authorities.

We were the largest buyer of renewable energy among Chinese companies in the BloombergNEF 2021 ranking.

We achieved 619,944 metric tons of CO2 equivalent (MtCO2e) in emission reductions through energy transition in FY2022.

Alibaba Cloud saw its proportion of electricity from clean energy reach 21.6% in FY2022.

Women make up 49.5% of our over 250,000 employees, and 39% of our board directors and senior executives.

In FY2022, we employed 2,007 people with physical disabilities.

Billions of SKUs We run the world's largest consumption marketplace, providing billions of SKUs on o er to meet the diverse needs of our customers.

Our data centers reached an annual average power usage e ectiveness (PUE) of 1.247 in FY2022, an Asia leading standard.

Alibaba Cloud can help avoid 85.5% of carbon emissions for customers switching from on premise equivalents in China.

Cainiao applies smart algorithms to help reduce packing box material by 15%.

In FY2022 Cainiao worked with partners to reach over 700 million shipments in original packaging.

In FY2022, we carried out 59,476 training sessions averaging 49 hours of training per employee.

We set up both professional and management tracks to give employees better long term development.

In FY2022, 6,496 employees reached their ve year maturity career milestones.

In FY2022, 7,077 employees initiated and completed internal job transfers, making Alibaba a dynamic talent market.

By the end of FY2022, Cainiao has implemented shipping box recycling programs in 315 cities in China.

We pioneered the concept of Scope 3 emissions with an ambitious decarbonization target, and jointly released corresponding measurement methodologies with leading professional organizations.

We launched a carbon ledger platform that has helped more than 20 million consumers conduct carbon reduction.

In July 2022, we partnered with 19 consumer goods brands to launch the Decarbonization friendly Action program, promoting low carbon consumption.

With our new WeCare bene ts program, over 28,000 employees have taken companionship leave to care for family in the rst quarter of 2022.

Over 65,000 parents of our employees used our free annual medical check up program, which was recognized as a Platform Enterprise Worker Care best practice.

On the 2021 AliDay, 30,390 family members and friends of employees visited our campuses to experience the working environment and culture.

We were among the Top 10 Chinese companies in Forbes World's Best Employers 2021 ranking.

We established a re commerce platform with over 300 million users, Idle Fish, supporting the development of a circular economy.

In FY2022, over 70% of our new users in China came from relatively less developed regions.

In FY2022, Taobao served around 305,000 visually impaired users.

We pioneered a 7 day no questions asked return policy and speedy refunds in China.

In FY2022, over 900 million speedy refunds were processed.

In FY2022, the complaint rate on Taobao and Tmall was 0.015%, with 100% of complaints responded to.

We uphold three principles to safeguard user privacy and security minimal data collection, maximum user awareness and choice, and the strongest user data protection in our products and services.

By August 15, 2022, our virtual phone number feature had covered over 500 million consumers on Taobao.

In the 2021 Gartner Solution Scorecard for integrated IaaS and PaaS, Alibaba Cloud received the highest scores in the core evaluations of computing, storage, network, and security (required), separately.

We have long been ranked rst among Chinese companies in open source activity and impact.

We won the most awards in the China Association for Science and Technology’s 2021 open source innovation list.

We have more than 13,000 global patents, most of which are in the core technology elds of cloud computing, arti cial intelligence, and so on.

Alibaba Cloud provides services to around 4 million enterprises worldwide, and helps tens of millions of MSMEs use cloud computing.

We have sent 27 rural commissioners and 160 rural technology o cers to spur rural digital development according to local needs.

Tens of millions Through building a business ecosystem involving tens of millions of merchants and more than 1.3 billion users, we bring unprecedented market opportunities to MSMEs.

In FY2022, over 9 million merchants used our Qianniu one stop digital management platform.

Also in FY2022, over 9 million merchants on our platforms bene tted from subsidies or other programs to help MSMEs during the pandemic.

In 2019, we were the rst technology company in China to receive the National Poverty Alleviation Organization Innovation Award.

In 2021, we were named a National Exemplary Organization in Poverty Alleviation.

In 2015 we launched Three Hours for A Better World for all our employees to participate in philanthropy.

The program was extended to the general public in 2017.

We created or supported, directly or indirectly, more than 60 million jobs.

There are tens of millions of active MSMEs on our platform, of which around 46% are led by women.

In 2021, DAMO Academy’s Medical AI Team received the National Exemplary Organization for Pandemic Response in Science and Technology award from China's Ministry of Science and Technology.

Since 2021, Taobao was the rst domestic e commerce platform to issue plastic restriction rules and actively promotes the development of high quality degradable plastic products.

Cainiao received a Stevie Awards silver medal in the Most Valuable Enterprise Response category in 2022.

Three of our four board committees are chaired by independent directors.

Sustainability governance structure In 2021, we set up a three tier sustainability governance structure, including a dedicated board level sustainability committee, an executive level sustainability steering committee, and an ESG working group.

Risk Management Committee In 2022, we established the Alibaba Group Risk Management Committee and issued the Alibaba Risk Management General Outline.

Science and Technology Ethics Governance Committee We established our Science and Technology Ethics Governance Committee in 2022 to ensure that Alibaba's technologies always serve ethical purposes, and commit to being useful, reliable, trustworthy, and controllable.

In 2015, Alibaba Cloud launched China's rst data protection initiative to serve business customers with 3 principles: you own your data, you manage your data, and your data is protected.

Security and privacy technological capacity In the 2021 Gartner Solution Scorecard for integrated IaaS and PaaS, Alibaba Cloud received the highest scores in the security (required) category.

Its six key security capacities are highly recognized by authoritative institutions.

We commit to helping conserve and restore the natural world we all rely on as it faces global challenges.

Both the digital and green transitions are likely our best tools to address the pervasive environmental and climate crisis and transform our society into a green and low carbon circular economy.

Through our efforts, we hope to help people have a better chance of living together in a healthy environment with blue skies and thriving ecosystems.

To help restore our planet and to sustain our own business, Alibaba has integrated climate risk management into our business strategy and risk management system.

In line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), we work to identify potential risks and opportunities associated with climate change, and improve our capabilities to manage those risks.

The sustainability committee of Alibaba's board of directors oversees and supervises Alibaba Group's ESG strategy and implementation, including climate risk management and carbon neutrality goals.

The sustainability steering committee, led by the board's sustainability committee, works with the ESG working group to plan and implement our ESG strategy.

The Alibaba Group Risk Management Committee is responsible for reviewing the relevant risk assessments and making corresponding institutional and management arrangements separately.

The Risk Management Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, continues to incorporate climate risks into the company's overall risk assessment and management system.

We have analyzed the physical and transition risks of climate change in our businesses and identified strategies for addressing risks, as well as potential opportunities.

Our goal for carbon neutrality adheres to the following general principles: direct carbon reduction takes precedence over carbon removal, and carbon removal takes precedence over offsets.

This prioritization approach offers the fastest and most effective path to reducing the concentration of greenhouse gas (GHG) in the atmosphere, and is also consistent with the Paris Agreement goals of limiting the global temperature rise to 1.5 C.

We have made a three fold emission reduction pledge covering our own operations, value chain, and platform ecosystem.

In addition, Alibaba has committed to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

To guide our future actions, aligned with the recommendations of the TCFD, we have considered a range of scenarios, including those well below and above a 2 C average global temperature change, to better understand the potential impact of climate change on Alibaba's businesses, communities, and stakeholders.

Decarbonize Alibaba (Scopes 1 and 2): By 2030, we will achieve carbon neutrality in our own operations.

Green the value chain (Scope 3): By 2030, we will collaborate with our upstream and downstream value chain partners to cut emission intensity by 50% from the base year of 2020.

Enable a low carbon circular digital ecosystem (Scope 3 ): Beyond our own operations and direct value chains, we pledge to leverage our digital platforms to encourage even broader participation by stakeholders that can be reached by our efforts.

By 2035, we will facilitate 1.5 gigatons of GHG emission reduction over 15 years across Alibaba's digital ecosystem.

Since our pledge in December 2021, we have accelerated our efforts.

According to BloombergNEF's carbon dioxide equivalent (MtCO2e).

Among them, direct GHG emissions (i.e., Scope 1) accounted for 0.927 rankings, we were the largest purchaser of clean energy in 2021 among all Chinese companies.

In the million MtCO2e, including stationary combustion (such as the use of natural gas), direct fugitive emissions (such first half of 2022 alone, we purchased more than 800 million kWh of clean electricity, a 150% increase as refrigerant leakage), and mobile combustion (company owned transportation in our retail business).

In FY2022, we cut a total of 619,944 tons of carbon emissions by changing addition, indirect GHG emissions (i.e., Scope 2) from purchased electricity and heat were 4.445 million MtCO2e, our energy mix to include more clean energy.

Through our persistent efforts, over this time period, mainly used for operating cloud computing data centers, retail stores, offices, and warehouses.

Indirect GHG emissions along the value chains (i.e., Scope 3) that could be accurately assessed were energy projects, with State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), the largest developer of clean energy approximately 7.877 million MtCO2e, consisting mainly of fuel consumption in outsourced transportation and worldwide.

We will continue to advance our decarbonization solutions while maintaining our growth.

Certification Center (CEC) and audited by Bureau Veritas.

This year we expanded our efforts to a broader set of environmental issues.

As projected in Alibaba's Carbon Neutrality Action Report, our carbon emissions have not yet peaked and are likely to continue rising with business development in the short term.

These business activities will require higher power consumption (Scope 2) and more procurement from our supply chain (Scope 3), contributing to an increase in new carbon emissions.

We recognize that Alibaba's position as a company that integrates technology, retail, and logistics businesses, with extensive online and offline operations, means that our decarbonization plans must consider the complex interaction of multiple sectors.

At the same time, this also creates enormous opportunities for cross sector innovations in our carbon reduction efforts.

The scope of this inventory is the identified measurable significant source categories in Scopes 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions within Alibaba's organizational and reporting boundaries in FY2022 under the principle of operational control.

The GHG categories covered in this inventory include carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6).

As a result of the inventory, emissions of five greenhouse gases, CO2, N2O, CH4, HFCs and SF6, were involved in this reporting period.

Please refer to Appendix 3 for Scope 3 emission inventory categories.

We have fully adopted water saving hardware and sanitation equipment at our models of green energy, water conservation, and resource efficiency, and then improve the operational efficiency of campuses.

The 42 hectares of our Xixi Office Park B was designed and built in accordance important infrastructure such as our data centers and logistics systems.

In February 2021, we issued an inaugural US 1 billion sustainability bond.

US 352 million had been allocated to erect and refurbish green buildings, and US 451 million to construct energy efficient data centers.

We are actively researching and applying technological innovations that demonstrate ways to be green and low carbon while providing our employees with more comfortable and vibrant working environments.

We follow circular principles with our building design, materials use, and construction, and also continue to uphold with our buildings' daily maintenance processes.

All our future new construction will meet the LEED Gold standard and the China green building standard.

Energy use monitoring and optimization are automated throughout our buildings using smart sensors and controls.

In a recent project, we turned an old corporate park into a green, smart, and healthy office space.

We have considered a range of ways to cut resource use.

For exhibits in our office parks, we increased the use of recycled materials and reduced decoration and material waste.

We set aside recycling areas for packing boxes in on site post offices.

For office electronics such as laptop computers, we encourage our employees to extend their lifespan.

We arrange for hazardous waste to be recycled by qualified suppliers in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

We cannot reach our ultimate goals without the active engagement of our employees.

We encourage sustainable behaviors through education on green consciousness and through systems we've set up.

We have installed more than 1,300 electric vehicle idle spaces, printing double sided, and recycling cartons.

We have established an internal shopping dining halls and charge for disposable containers to platform for employees to purchase slightly discourage overuse.

Our global headquarters at Hangzhou Xixi Campus is adjacent to Xixi National Wetland Park, a natural ecosystem brimming with life.

Our campus covers 3.2 hectares of natural water body and is designed to decisions on energy use.

In addition, we have started ventilation heat energy recycling, and solar installations.

Special trails retrofitting and renovating old buildings for new uses, while ensuring safety and quality.

This avoids GHG emissions from demolition and reconstruction.

Strolling through the complex of natural ridges and knolls along the water, a visitor can smell flowers, hear birds, and spot fish.

We are home to more than 100 species of plants, leading some to call our headquarters a natural ecosystem masked as a high tech office park.

The campus was designed to show how people can live in harmony with and be inspired by nature.

Our retail stores provide space to expand our environmental efforts beyond our offices in ways that touch and engage the public.

Striving to be a retail industry leader in energy savings and emissions reduction, we are adopting power saving technology and continue to shift to more efficient cold chains by upgrading equipment and refrigerants.

Below are some examples of our efforts to reduce GHG emissions.

By the end of FY2022, we had upgraded automatic upgraded to refrigerants with lower global control of exhaust fans in 387 stores, reducing warming potential.

To date, a total of 57 stores energy consumption by more than 21 million kWh have completed the upgrade.

We have installed automatic control systems in all improvement for 1,146 automated sidewalks stores to monitor energy use in real time, annually at 377 stores by the end of FY2022, saving an bringing 10 15% of energy saving for each store, estimated 20 million kWh of electricity annually.

Sun Art has installed rooftop solar panel systems at 17 stores, generating more than 11 million kWh of electricity in FY2022.

We aim to install solar panels in at least 30 stores in two years, and at all stores by 2030.

A designated energy management team was established to monitor, analyze, and manage energy efficiency and implement technical improvement programs.

In 2021, three Intime department stores completed their air conditioning upgrade, saving a total of 3.43 million kWh of electricity.

Twelve new stores completed the upgrade and went into operation in 2022.

In FY2022, Intime traded 87 million kWh in green electricity, a year over year increase of more than 190%, corresponding to around 62,000 tons of emissions reduction.

In 2021, Intime Zhongda Store in Hangzhou was recognized as an energy conservation demonstration project.

Global Warming Potential (GWP) is an indicator of the climate impact of greenhouse gas emissions, indicating the greenhouse effect of a certain greenhouse gas over a certain period of time (20 years, 100 years, 500 years) corresponding to the mass of CO2 with the same effect, GWP for CO2 1.0.

From 2011, new stores began to use R404A refrigerant to replace the ozone depleting R22 refrigerant.

In 2018, new stores and remodeled stores used the lower GWP value R448A (GWP 1273) to replace R404A (GWP 3943) refrigerant.

We have adopted water saving faucets in all RT Mart stores, for an expected net saving of about 100,000 tons of water consumption annually.

Since 2007, we have built a wastewater storage and circulation system, reducing water consumption by about 1,000 tons per store every year, for a total of 490,000 tons of water annually.

Building on these practices, we have also set a target at RT Mart to decrease average water use by 3% per store in 2025 compared to the base year 2020.

Sun Art applied sustainable designs at the Kunshan RT Mart Plaza.

Both green building standards and sponge city water efficiency principles were followed.

In addition, we adjusted the building envelope to reduce energy consumption and increase rainwater recycling.

During construction, Sun Art adopted green construction policies to control carbon emissions throughout the life cycle of the project.

Reduce food waste in retail stores: Sun Art Retail has continued to improve its systems to cut food waste across the entire life cycle including procurement, storage, processing, and sales.

Reduce material usage: We have adopted digital receipts, label printing, and express order printing to save tens of millions of articles of paper.

We encourage merchants to use original boxes for delivery and combine packages through our smart management systems.

Packaging upgrade: Sun Art and Freshippo are providing consumers with recycled bags.

Freshippo retail locations have entirely transitioned from plastic to degradable plastic, paper, and recyclable non woven bags, while Sun Art has introduced degradable plastic bags across all stores.

Using a variety of energy saving strategies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) powered management algorithms and water cooling techniques, the average power usage effectiveness (PUE) for our self operated data centers in FY2022 was as low as 1.247, a leading level in Asia.

This represents a win for our business, our clients, and the environment.

Looking forward, we aim to keep the annual PUE of self owned data centers below 1.3.

Alibaba's self built data center uses an innovative 10kV uninterruptible power supply system that reduces the distribution link of the system by 66% and improves the efficiency by more than 3% to 97.5% compared with the traditional method.

Industrial Energy Saving Technology Recommendation Catalog.

For the tens of millions of businesses that rely on our platforms, Alibaba's cloud services provide the digital backbone on which the ongoing green transformation can be built.

According to the Carbon Trust research report, Alibaba Cloud's Carbon Benefits, cloud customers in China can avoid 85.5% of their computing emissions by moving to Alibaba Cloud from on premise equivalents, largely contributed by the efficiency of our own internet data centers (IDC).

We are innovating continuously to build a green cloud as set out in our carbon neutrality commitment, focusing on increased energy efficiency, renewable electricity use, and recycling of energy and resources.

Alibaba Cloud's Green Data Center received the Green Innovation Recognition of Excellence from the 2021 Paulson Prize for Sustainability for its energy efficient practices and achievements.

In April 2022, Alibaba joined the Low Carbon Patent Pledge, an international alliance for low carbon technology patent sharing, and made nine key patents for green data center technology free for the use of external parties.

The Carbon Trust is an international professional organization in the field of carbon neutrality.

We take advantage of natural air cooling to preserve water.

Zhangbei Wulan center, with an average outside temperature of only 4 C, we utilize air handling unit (AHU) technology and air cooler systems, reducing the water usage effectiveness (WUE) value to as low as 0.45L kWh, saving more than 80% compared to traditional cooling tower schemes.6 Alibaba Cloud has also established a WUE management plan to refine the management of water consumption in various divisions.

FY2022, our reclaimed water recovery reached 11,899 tons and reclaimed water procurement amounted to 359,252 tons.

The Zhangbei Miaotan Data Center implemented a project to introduce a reverse osmosis (RO) sewage system for water treatment, increasing the recycling and utilization of sewage water.

The water treatment project was able to reduce sewage discharge of the server building by 35% and reduce supplementary water consumption by 26%.

We are committed to powering our cloud services with 100% clean energy worldwide by no later than 2030.

To this end, we are already leading China's technology companies in clean energy transaction volume and usage.

Alibaba Cloud first in renewable energy procurement in 2021 with a transaction volume of 269 GWh.

In FY2022, Alibaba Cloud's own data centers reduced around 534,000 MtCO2e (metric tons of CO2 equivalent) of emissions by purchasing clean energy and natural gas, with clean energy accounting for 21.6% of its total electricity consumption.

We recycle a large amount of waste heat generated by our servers.

Waste heat from our self built Alibaba Cloud Zhangbei Data Center is used to heat the adjacent office park and provide municipal heat.

The heating load of the first phase of the waste heat utilization project is 21MW, which by the end of next year will reduce carbon emissions by 32,000 tons annually.

Furthermore, we have extended the maintenance of all servers to five years, dismantled scrapped servers, and recycled spare parts, leading to the extension of the warranty of 20 million cores of servers in 2021.

The success of our business depends on a vast logistics network that ties together our facilities, stores, ecosystem partners, and consumers.

Efforts to make that network smarter and greener are an indispensable part of building a low carbon circular ecosystem.

Cainiao was one of the first companies in China's logistics industry to launch a green initiative.

We continue to exert efforts in the four directions of green transportation, green transfer, green packaging, and green recycling, forming a start to finish green logistics solution from order generation to parcel delivery.

With help from our business partners and consumers, we can reduce wasteful packaging through optimization, substitution, and recycling.

We are promoting delivery using original manufacturer boxes.

In FY2022, Cainiao's original box shipping exceeded 700 million pieces.

Intelligent carton cutting, packaging algorithms, and AI can further optimize carton models and reduce our use of materials by an average of 15%.

We are also experimenting with new materials to replace plastics.

To involve our customers in these efforts, we have launched a Cainiao box recycling program to facilitate their recycling of cartons at many Cainiao stations.

Cainiao is targeting electrifying land transport and increasing low carbon air transport in order to reduce its GHG footprint.

We plan to replace all short haul logistics vehicles with electric vehicles by 2030.

Logistics launched the Blue Vehicle, an environmentally friendly delivery vehicle which will allow Lazada to transition primarily to electric vehicles in Jakarta.

In Vietnam, Lazada is choosing electric bikes to provide delivery services.

Since its launch through March 31, 2022, it has delivered more than 10 million packages.

From the outset, Cainiao has designed its logistics warehouses following high international sustainable site standards.

This includes 24.9 MW of solar power capacity installed to date, accounting for 16,000 MtCO2e in carbon reductions in FY2022.

Cainiao also uses AI technology to optimize the parcel sub warehousing process and the door to door parcel routes and is experimenting with unmanned smart logistics vehicles in last mile distribution.

Our suppliers are key partners in effectively reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental footprints.

In FY2022, we launched the Alibaba Supplier ESG Code of Conduct, which lays out high standards with respect to environmental responsibilities.

We assess the environmental out suppliers with a record of high environmental performance of our suppliers by considering their performance and are also keen to share with them business integrity, information disclosure, and risk our own best practices to identify the tools for more management.

In these areas, we are setting clear sustainable operations.

In the following table are standards, holding our suppliers responsible for making examples of recent initiatives we have undertaken.

Sun Art classifies and manages office supplies by their own carbon neutrality goals and action setting standards for the use of consumables and plans and use effective measures to reduce tracking material usage on a weekly basis.

Alibaba Cloud plans to same time, suppliers are encouraged to improve promote carbon neutrality pilot actions for some packaging efficiency, increase the recycling and suppliers in FY2023, including signing carbon reuse of cardboard boxes, and reduce the waste of neutrality action agreements and conducting packaging materials.

In FY2022 alone, 124,400 tons performance appraisals.

Freshippo actively explores agricultural produce advertising carbon emissions.

For example, that is both healthy and environmentally friendly we are now using reusable materials in the and works with organic farm partners.

In June 2022, construction of exhibits, with 80% of the materials the first batch of 30 types of certified low carbon made of reusable wood.

This early pilot shows great potential for the development of low carbon and low environmental impact agricultural products.

Neutrality Expert Committee reduction measurement calculator for was introduced, providing to help consumers individuals, along with professional support and measure their promotional programs.

At Alibaba, we are well positioned to support the consumer transition to more sustainable consumption, and facilitate enterprises, especially MSMEs, in realizing high quality development while minimizing their ecological footprint.

We have done so in an attempt to take on more responsibility for the emissions generated by a wider range of participants in the platform ecosystem.

Given the innovative nature of Scope 3 , we are committed to working with leading institutions and professionals to establish a solid scientific foundation in determining the definition, principles, and measurement methodologies of Scope 3 , and to proactively share our research and methodologies.

Effects of Green and Low Carbon Behaviors to promote consumer adoption of low carbon behaviors at scale.

Expert to help them save energy, increase efficiency, and move towards carbon neutrality.

We worked with renowned research institutions and professionals to expand the theoretical and methodological frontiers of scientific carbon measurement.

In this report we proposed two key principles of decarbonization in Scope 3 .

The essential logic of carbon reduction measurement is to verify the difference in emissions when an entity takes carbon reduction actions compared to the benchmark scenario without such actions.

With this basis, we can further divide the measurement of Scope 3 emissions reductions into two categories depending on the role of the enterprise in the carbon reduction action.

Solutions (i.e., products or services) provided by enterprises that enable the same function to be performed with significantly less GHG emissions.

Enablement reduces emissions compared to the baseline 'business as usual' (BAU) scenario.

The Scope 3 engagement category highlights the idea that a platform company can play a prominent role in climate change mitigation by proactively either enabling or engaging with stakeholders to unlock their potential in reducing emissions.

Such projects must offer emission reduction effects.

The emission reductions need to be measurable, explainable, and verifiable in accordance with the methodologies developed by professional organizations.

Exchange, and others, on principles and specific calculation methodologies for Scope 3 to ensure its reliability and wide applicability, and we seek more partners in this effort.

We launched the Carbon88 carbon ledger platform in 2022, covering some of Alibaba's most used apps.

Currently, the platform covers more than 70 scenarios.

All methods and scenarios have been reviewed and approved by our committee of independent, external experts.

After consumers choose to opt in, the Carbon88 platform collects data only for the purpose of calculating carbon emissions.

The process is designed to fully comply with our principles to safeguard consumer privacy and security: minimal data collection for specific purposes, maximum user awareness and choices, and the best data security protection.

In the future, we aim to promote the carbon ledger platform to help more of our partners better measure and practice carbon reduction.

In March 2022, Taobao introduced a new func tion for consumers to measure their carbon reduction when buying certi ed Energy Saving and Carbon Reducing home appliances.

By June 30, 2022, over 4,000 merchants had listed 430,000 certi ed home appliances.

During the 6.18 Shopping Festival in 2022, the potential carbon reduction from energy e cient consumer products sold on Taobao and Tmall was estimat ed to be around 153,000 tons.

Starting April 20, 2022, Ele.me users were able to measure their potential carbon reduction from choosing the cutlery free option when ordering takeout.

Since then, more than 13 million users have enabled this option in their orders.

Guidance on carbon reduction options in various apps makes it easy for consumers to choose low carbon actions in everyday life.

The OPEN C consumer carbon reduction computation engine provides measurement services for Carbon88 and will open to the public in the future.

Idle Fish launched the carbon credit project at the end of January 2022, where users can measure potential carbon reduction when buying and selling second hand goods.

Amap and the Beijing Transportation Commission jointly developed the Beijing Municipality Mobility as a Service (MaaS) Platform.

Users are provided with personalized routing guidance and rewarded for using public transport.

In 2021, a total of 24,500 tons of avoided emissions accumulated by users were successfully traded in the carbon markets.

In July 2022, Alibaba jointly launched the Decarbonization friendly Action program with 19 brands in an effort to increase carbon reduction actions in the consumer goods industry and provide incentives for consumers to develop decarbonization habits.

Integrate the supply chain with low carbon packaging and logistics.

Enhance consumer awareness and familiarity with green goods through low carbon marketing.

Alibaba Cloud launched the Energy Expert platform to help enterprises reduce emissions and increase efficiency.

Ventilation, and Air Conditioning) systems through smart algorithms.

It also provides suggestions to improve efficiency.

As of FY2022, nearly 1,700 companies had already begun to use the Energy Expert platform.

In the future, the Decarbonization friendly Action program will continue to introduce science based methods and technologies to support all three goals, increase green consumption opportunities, and provide more brands with long term carbon reduction guidelines.

Related to the global climate crisis, we also face a series of interlinked environmental crises, from biodiversity losses, ecological degradation, and water and resource scarcity to marine pollution.

We work closely with environmental organizations, the public, and other relevant stakeholders to collectively tackle these environmental challenges.

Globally, the illegal trade of wildlife is among the biggest threats to biodiversity.

We understand our responsibility as the world's largest e commerce market and we strictly monitor and take action to prevent the illegal wildlife trade.

AI helps us identify text, pictures, videos, live broadcasts, and other content that may represent attempts at illicit wildlife sales.

Grasslands Administration, together empower them to report suspicious with other agencies and non profit wildlife trade information to the organizations.

Association to carry out this public advocacy campaign and launched a joint initiative with like minded companies and individuals to actively participate in eliminating the consumption of many wild animals.

When users search for illegal or harmful products such as ivory or rhinoceros horns on Taobao, they are directed to educational information and recommendations for legal alternatives.

We believe the protection of water ecosystems and resources is critical and ought to be a shared capabilities for protecting the environment.

We apply our technological expertise to provide technical solutions endeavor.

In 2012, Alibaba Foundation launched Qingyuan Action meaning water source protection that help make our planet cleaner and greener.

Since its inception, the project has supported dozens of environmental NGOs, with more than 200 projects, to carry out regular water environment monitoring.

The monitoring covers more than ten river basins and has helped more than 10,000 enterprises conduct environmental conservation.

Sichuan golden snub nosed monkeys, forest musk deer, and black bears.

Rangers are equipped with modified patrol terminals that reduce their previous workload by 80%.

With these patrols now powered by our cloud intelligence technology, the staff have seen a big leap in their ability to identify and locate animals including giant pandas.

Qiandao Lake Water Fund project to address agricultural pollution at Qiandao Lake, the water source for Hangzhou and home to 200,000 residents, most of whom are farmers.

Non point source pollution is a common challenge in water management and is a notoriously difficult issue worldwide.

We established conservation demonstration areas at the source of rivers and outlets of lakes to reduce pollution by means of source reduction and process interception while scientifically monitoring the areas and establishing practices to balance production and pollution reduction.

By the conclusion of the first phase at the end of 2021, the project had promoted the improvement of agricultural management measures on more than 330 hectares of farmland to reduce water pollution.

Agriculture Organization (FAO)’s Nature based Agriculture Solutions.

In April 2022, the second phase of the project was launched and plans to assist local governments to expand nature based solutions and best management practices, explore market based tools for water conservation through ecological product value creation and a compensation mechanism, and broaden public participation.

Environmental information disclosure is the basis for environmental supervision and public participation.

Public awareness and participation Public participation is one of the most effective ways to promote environmental protection.

To this end, support leading environmental NGOs in China, have established a public environmental information network, the Alibaba Foundation has supported the China Nature Education Forum since its ideation in 2012 for and fund institutions such as the Beijing based Friends of Nature, the Institute of Public and Environmental nine consecutive years.

Chinese citizens about biodiversity conservation and low carbon living.

Pollution Map, is China's first environmental map and by far its largest environmental information database platform.

Using big data, Blue Map reports air quality information for 380 cities and also provides wastewater monitoring.

Waste emissions information for more than 9,000 waste gas and wastewater discharge sources in China can now be searched in real time.

The public can participate via social platforms in reporting excessive sewage discharge.

This gives everyone a part to play in restoring our clear water and blue skies.

Foundation, established the Dreamland Nature Center, an urban nature experience center.

The center combines parks, NGOs, schools and universities, and other institutions, providing the space, curriculums, and activities that promote public nature education.

These volunteers guide the public on free tours to instill love for nature, teach natural sciences, and garner support for protecting the environment.

The green vest program was awarded the gold medal at the Fifth National Volunteer Service Competition.

Practices and Actions Around the World by the UN Convention on Biological Diversity COP15 in 2021.

Alibaba has thrived entrepreneurially and culturally with a diverse set of people, talents, roles, views, and cultures.

We embrace the principle of helping people become better versions of themselves.

We believe that how we treat our employees and support their growth will affect how they serve our customers and communities, and determine how sustainably we can develop as a company.

When Alibaba was founded over 20 years ago, the original employees envisioned a company different from those they had known before.

They imagined a company that embraces a diversity of people, talents, roles, views, backgrounds, and lifestyles, where people could be different and even disagree with each other, yet still work together and challenge one another to learn and grow.

They pictured a company that eschews traditional hierarchy for a direct, candid, and collaborative culture.

We would not have survived and grown over all these years without such a culture among our people, or Aliren.

Alibaba has developed into a global technology company with 254,941 diverse and talented Aliren as of March 31, 2022, working in twenty seven countries and regions.

As a technology company that operates globally, we believe that an equal, dignified, inclusive, and diverse work environment is crucial to unleash the potential of our employees and to help stimulate collaboration.

This reflects our choice of what’s important in the order of priority.

Only by creating sustained customer value can employees grow and shareholders achieve long term benefit.

Complexity begets complexity, and simplicity breeds simplicity.

Aliren are straightforward what you see is what you get.

With trust, there is no second guessing or suspicion, and the result is simplicity and efficiency.

Whether you change or not, the world is changing, our customers are changing and the competitive landscape is changing.

Whether you change yourself or create change, both are the best kinds of change.

Embracing change is the most unique part of our DNA.

In bad times, we know how to motivate ourselves in good times, we dare to set dream targets (stretch goals).

We must challenge ourselves, motivate ourselves and exceed ourselves.

This was a tagline in Alibaba’s first job advertisement and became our first proverb.

It encourages employees to think independently, be brave and take responsibility, and be diligent in exploration.

Enjoy work as you enjoy life treat life seriously as you do work.

You make Alibaba different and make your loved ones proud.

Everyone has their own view of work and life we respect our people's choices.

As a global company, we respect and the Alibaba Group Code of Business Conduct, which sexual harassment.

We also set up the ALI WE, a employees to contribute and innovate to the best of embrace diverse cultures, lifestyles, and ways explicitly prohibits discrimination for any reason or working group that promotes a healthy working their ability.

The diverse perspectives of employees, of working.

We aim to provide fair and inclusive environment and protects the rights of employees in including their empathy for different communities is a microcosm of the ecosystem of global growth opportunities for our employees regardless the workplace.

Moreover, the Alibaba Group Code of and social problems, can enable us to think in participants we serve and cooperate with.

Openness and inclusiveness make our team belief, or cultural background.

Gender tolerance policy against sexual harassment.

By the end of FY2022, our current workforce was that we maintain a safe, healthy, and inclusive employees and provide them with a fair and healthy evenly split by gender (49.5% female, 50.5% male).

Five female senior executives working environment.

We are aware that technological innovation constituted the first committee.

This not only requires us to release date of this report, 39% of Alibaba's board have a deep pool of diverse and professional directors and senior executives were women.

We employed 2,007 staff with physical disabilities.

We will continue to seek further diversity, not only in terms of gender, ethnicity, and nationality but also views and opinions, which are incorporated into our principles and decision making.

We will strive to respect and tolerate each other's differences and actively seek out and embrace differences with open arms.

Such inclusivity will help us recognize our biases and tailor our products and services to maximize our community's diverse knowledge and skills.

We value the ideas and needs of our employees and in their own departments but across Alibaba.

This are committed to promoting a culture of sharing.

Trust makes everything simple is one of the values as exemplified in regular Juice with Daniel meetings introduced previously that we aim to uphold.

Zhang and staff, as well as in similar meetings with of simplicity, upholding openness and transparency.

International Townhall series that connect worldwide dynamic and unpredictable environment.

At all levels, we have sought to build a culture of for colleagues across the company to book with them barrier free interactions, with online and offline activities and meet.

Juice with Daniel is one of many avenues through which Alibaba encourages dialogue, and is an important example for other managers to follow.

Daniel Zhang sets up regular sessions to facilitate frank communication with groups of employees.

In FY2022, eight such sessions were held with summaries made available to all Aliren.

Topics of discussions included employee welfare, promotions, job transfers, performance evaluation, customer relations, management practices, and company strategy and actions, among others.

In FY2022, 90,435 employees read session summaries, totaling 565,859 pageviews.

Conversations in these forums have prompted company policy adjustments and new benefit plans for employees, such as canceling weekly reports, removing employee ranks from directories, more support for internal transfers, travel policy changes, and the launch of companionship and parental leave.

Now running for 13 years, Aliway is Alibaba's lively internal forum where Aliren share and exchange thoughts and experiences, and help each other with questions and problems.

Aliway is an open and transparent communication forum, true to Alibaba's values and long held belief that only candid discussions can bring us long term value.

Booking is an Alibaba tradition that seeks to break vertical and horizontal barriers between managers and employees, and encourages managers to take the initiative to communicate with employees.

Managers open their digital calendars on our Booking system, and employees, including those in other departments, can book conversation slots to meet with them.

The program facilitates both online and offline communications between managers and employees.

Active employees on Aliway are defined as employees who logged in and browsed the system at least once in FY2022.

We are committed to sharing the fruits of the company's development with our people.

In providing compensation and benefits, we are guided by our core value to work happily live seriously and strive to realize our objective of delivering benefits with warmth.

Each year, we host enriching programs to attract top talents through the Ali Stars tech talent program at various universities, where we invite senior managers to discuss the future with young students.

Once a year, we also organize a series of Coffee with Alibaba meetings around campuses, where our employees chat with students about their careers at Alibaba.

Our Minute of Blinding Lights comedy talk show is one of the most popular student events of the season.

Each of our departments presents in the show, and students vote to select their favorite.

During our hiring process, we adhere to the principles of equality and fairness.

We follow the Alibaba Hiring Pact, in work culture.

We have rolled out the Let's Go Interns platform, whereby we encourage interns to share their life and work experiences.

The platform's Speak Up Interns activity gets interns to come together to learn from each other's internship experiences and make friends.

Through these activities, we offer talented recruits a flavor of our engaging company culture as well as practical help to make a smooth transition from the campus to the workplace.

We continue to work with various universities and research institutions to recruit talent.

Rights, the International Labor Organization (ILO) Convention, the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China and other international conventions and local regulations on labor and employee rights.

We sign labor contracts with employees in accordance with the law, adhere to the principle of equal employment, firmly oppose employment discrimination, and require that the recruitment, promotion, and remuneration of employees be non discriminatory.

We treat employees of different nationalities, races, ages, genders, religious beliefs, and cultural backgrounds fairly and equitably, protect the legitimate rights and interests of female employees, and resist all forms of child labor and forced labor.

We let employees equally enjoy their legal rights to labor remuneration, rest and leave, access to labor safety and health protection, social insurance and welfare, etc.

For qualified persons with disabilities, Alibaba provides effective and reasonable accommodations required for work in a manner consistent with applicable laws.

Disciplinary System, the Alibaba Group Employee Leave Policy, and the Employee Performance Management System to ensure that employees can work and grow in a fair environment with great prospects.

Being able to recruit the best talent from schools is a major factor in the vitality of Alibaba's technology team.

Ali Star program recruits are the cream of the crop that stand out from tens of thousands of university candidates.

Top 10 Alibaba was ranked among the Top 10 Chinese companies in the Forbes 2021 Global Best Employers.

These activities allowed me to fully appreciate Alibaba's culture and other aspects of life there, making it much easier for me to blend into the company.

Alibaba was ranked as the most attractive employer for business and art students in China in Universum's list of the Top 20 Most Attractive Employers for Chinese Students in 2021.

To build a world class technology company, we must a 360 degree review.

We had a 98% feedback have highly motivated and skilled employees.

To attract rate for the questionnaires, with employees giving and maintain such a team, we have established a process an average evaluation score of 88.66 points (out that sets salary and bonus incentives with both internal of 90) for their managers and 85.13 points (out of consistency and external competitiveness.

At the same time, we strive to reward employees who can grow with the company in the long run.

We provide every one of our employees Benefits future with employees and cultivating a long term ethos are with Warmth to ensure they have peace of fundamental driving forces for the sustainable development mind in and outside of work.

As of FY2022, we had provided insurance for 30,000 employees' children and arranged medical check ups for over 65,000 parents of our employees.

In 2021, the program was featured by the Internet Society of China as a model case of worker benefits.

In 2021, Alibaba launched the Alibaba WeCare Program to upgrade our benefits.

We added companionship leave, parental leave, and leave for long term service, while introducing travel subsidies.

We have also launched remote hybrid work to try to give people more flexibility in balancing work and home obligations.

Over 28,000 employees took companionship leave to care for family in the first quarter of 2022.

On every Chinese New Year, Alibaba has a long standing tradition to send a letter and a book to every of our business.

Complete Journey Care benefits plan, which employee's family.

The Letter Home and the book shares with them the progress that the company and first major technology companies in China to commit to goes beyond standard corporate benefits to our Aliren have made over the year.

To maintain fairness in our compensation decisions, we have coverage.

We are also one of the first among a systematic and open performance evaluation, conducted technology companies in China to roll out the semi annually or quarterly for regular feedback.

In terms of health coverage, we provide medical and promote a spirit of continuous communication and check up packages for employees and insurance coaching.

Managers and human resources professionals for employees and their children.

We have been must combine self evaluations with those from others for a rolling out to more employees our Carnation comprehensive review.

This plan provides their parents with employees, and if the employee has objections, they with a free comprehensive medical exam each can apply to an appeals channel staffed by a dedicated year and is available in 169 cities in China.

At the same time, we provide performance feedback resources to ensure that employees can improve and grow.

As part of our open culture, we attach great importance to feedback from employees, regularly measure employee satisfaction, and listen to their voices.

Holiday packages A Letter Home, Women's Day gift, Mid Autumn Festival gift packs, etc.

We hope that every Aliren can realize their potential at Alibaba and become better versions of themselves.

Each business unit also provides a variety participation by 95.29% of employees.

The average means giving them the opportunity to make the most of their abilities and achieve a sense of value, personal of learning resources and development employee training time reached 49 hours.

In this digital era of rapid transformation, providing growth opportunities opportunities such as best practice is of particular significance for their own long term development.

We also put emphasis on training new employees and advancement, coaching and mentorship, new managers.

To achieve these goals, we are committed to becoming an organization for learning and talent development.

We strive in two directions: one is to provide a wealth of learning and training opportunities at different career encourage employees to continue to develop sessions for new managers.

In addition to training opportunities, we upgraded our mobility, making Alibaba itself a dynamic talent market.

We have set up a dedicated team responsible for training new technical recruits, providing employees.

Based on the concept of Learning in Alibaba, we have established a set of all around learning mechanisms, from new talent and professional development, to cultivating leadership and global talent.

For all employees, we have built a multi layered online and offline integrated curriculum and training certification system, facilitating human capital development across different functions.

We focus on the leadership development ladder through every Aliren to start their journey on the right track.

Academy to become familiar with our work environment, goal is for our leaders to inherit Alibaba's management values, and culture.

We combine theory and practice, with philosophy and values, grow their own capabilities, and presentations, case studies, scenario exercises, counseling, cultivate future oriented leaders.

In our commitment to becoming a leading global company, areas such as products, operations, technology, data, we have implemented a global training system and sought marketing, design, risk management, and customer to identify talented individuals worldwide.

We strive to experience, among others to establish professional be more global and provide professional training for standards and guidance for employees in various employees and managers overseas, focusing on cultural fields.

These committees help employees improve their awareness, communication, collaboration, equality, and professional skills by creating advanced courses, providing inclusiveness in multi cultural environments.

For new hires, we offer systematic pathways that involve courses, exams, and evaluations to improve learning outcomes and facilitate their development of human capital in key areas.

To make learning more convenient and flexible, we provide training in various forms such as face to face sessions, online video courses, and livestream broadcasts.

FY2022, we conducted a total of 59,476 online and offline training sessions, with 39,378 sets of learning materials added.

Statistics refer to formal employees directly managed by Alibaba, as of the end of FY2022.

We continue to improve our internal talent transfer system in order to fully encourage free choices and and employees can grow together.

We assign a senior colleague big sib to every new employee to help them flows of internal talent and provide our multi talented employees with the best opportunities to fully integrate into the team, familiarize themselves with the business, and accompany them to grow.

In terms of professional choice, we have set up a dual track system for career development, through which to transfer internally, making Alibaba itself a vibrant talent market full of diverse opportunities.

The system allows employees to continue to develop in their chosen career direction and helps guide them towards their desired milestones.

For Aliren who have had long tenures with the company, we want to set aside a special moment to celebrate them and their contributions.

So, we designed career milestone Ali versaries, providing customized gifts for all employees who have worked for one, three, five, and ten years in the company.

Starting from 2021, for employees who have served for more than ten years, we provide an additional paid long term service leave of 20 days, giving them time to recharge and explore.

One Year Aromatic is like the pleasant aroma of a year old bottle of wine.

A year of service will bring workers a better sense of belonging and identity, and a better understanding of the unique characteristics of the company.

Three Years Mellow draws an analogy with the mellow taste often described of a three year old fine wine.

When an employee is mellow, they will clearly understand the values held in high esteem by the company and closely follow those values.

We also understand that our talented employees will often find external opportunities therefore we maintain a protocol for handling the departure of staff in a consistent manner that protects their rights.

We conduct exit interviews to listen to feedback and suggestions for improvement.

The statistics for internal transfers include formal employees in the businesses directly managed by Alibaba.

Ten Years Vintage is an honorific given to employees celebrating a long, successful career at Alibaba.

Starting from 2021, after ten years of service, employees have an additional 20 days of leave to explore and recharge themselves for the journey ahead.

Five Years Mature describes employees who, like a fine wine, are considered mature .

It is expected that those employees have successfully internalized the Alibaba spirit into their growth and can influence other people for the better.

We want to provide all employees at Alibaba with a comfortable and safe workplace to ensure their well on many fronts to safeguard those.

We make great efforts to provide employees with beautiful, comfortable, being as they work to tackle our daily business challenges.

Institute, which implements concepts including sustainability, human centric design, better office culture medical support and physical training center, and a variety of interest clubs.

We also extend our support to families fit, and improved efficiency in our physical and digital workspaces.

Our headquarters, Xixi Campus in Hangzhou, has a superb ecological environment that incorporates natural elements.

There are 3.2 hectares of natural water owing to a natural wetland that is a unique feature of the campus.

To better maintain this natural ecology, we meticulously designed outdoor trails in the outdoor space, and created outdoor semi open meeting and activity spaces to enhance the connection between nature and people.

The Hangzhou Xixi B campus (80,000 square meters) meets the standards of the WELL system, and is replete with modern office facilities including adaptive lighting, adjustable height workstations, fresh air circulation, and innovative space design such as mobile art museums, flexible spaces, post offices, and smart office facilities, therefore reducing hassle for employees.

Alibaba currently has 41 corporate offices in 27 countries and regions (select offices pictured below).

We strive to support our people's physical and emotional well being.

Our gyms, sports facilities, and wellness centers provide employees with a full range of services, including exercise, relaxation, and health consultation.

Those are augmented by services including psychological counseling, mental health related courses, and seminars on critical matters such as stress management, interpersonal relationships, and positive thinking.

When the global COVID 19 pandemic struck, our immediate priority was to protect our people.

We developed a new set of digital procedures to minimize the risk of employees catching the virus, while at the same time aiming to minimize disruption to their work and lives.

First, we aimed to be responsive and took stricter measures to protect our people.

We developed the internal health system Tenzo Pass Code to allow employees to report on their health status during the outbreak, helping us to identify potential risks.

Moreover, we provided medical supplies to employees, including distributing personal protection equipment (PPE), setting up COVID testing and vaccination stations in convenient locations, and establishing rules for the use of public facilities within our offices in order to minimize risks to our employees.

Lastly, when there was a shortage of supplies for certain regions, we sent affected employees and their families food items and health supplies.

We also provide professional and targeted health benefits according to the needs of employees, such as care for women and children, free health clinics (including free Chinese medicine clinics), and other activities.

The company operates 24 canteens and dining halls across our campuses, with healthy and nutritious food offerings covering a variety of cuisines.

They often provide seasonal foods and special holiday meals.

The campuses are full of fruit shops, convenience stores, milk tea shops, and coffee and dessert shops, giving employees places to meet and socialize.

The existing Fun Clubs include outdoor sports, photography, film, dance, music, basketball, board games, and drama, among others.

All the initiatives are led by individual employees in areas they are passionate about.

We provide funding and support for a wide range of team building and social activities, which are an integral part of life at Alibaba.

Alibaba Fun Clubs are interest clubs led by employees.

Our 42 Alibaba Fun Clubs together boasted over 41,000 registered members in FY2022.

Among our Fun Clubs, we have competitive sports such as basketball, football, badminton, and kendo, as well as arts societies such as photography, film, music, painting, and drama.

We also have more specialized societies such as different book clubs and game clubs.

Outside of working hours, there are always groups of people enjoying each other's company.

We have programmers moonlighting as song writers, business operators dabbling in street dancing, and designers who become champions on a basketball court.

Bringing Aliren together for living seriously is what our Fun Clubs are all about.

On May 10, 2003, all Aliren were forced to stay at home due to the SARS outbreak.

They braved difficulties and fought tenaciously, with tremendous support from their families.

May 10th then became the day we celebrate the Alibaba spirit.

Since 2005, to commemorate Aliren's dedication, unity, faith, and love, and give everyone an opportunity to come together, we have celebrated the day as AliDay.

Across global campuses, the day features a series of activities to bring together our people and their families and friends to experience our vibrant culture firsthand, and to express our appreciation for family members.

The highlight of the day is a group wedding celebration in which couples who recently tied the knot can share the blessings of their special day with family, friends, and colleagues.

Customers First is Alibaba's eternal belief no matter how the world changes.

The support of our customers gives us the strength and courage to pursue our dreams.

Starting from 2015, Alibaba has designated September 10th, the anniversary of our founding, as our annual Customer Day.

The day was established to encourage employees and partners to focus on the customer.

The care and safety of our employees is our paramount concern.

We have established and honed a comprehensive safety and security system that is designed to effectively respond to natural disasters, serious accidents, dangers to health, and threats to public safety, ensuring the health of our employees and safe operation of our business.

The health and safety of employees is our foremost concern.

So we engage the 'chivalrous spirit' of Aliren, combined with professional safety instruction and mutual assistance, and encourage our employees to volunteer as fire marshals and first aid responders.

To be able to help oneself and others is the Alibaba way.

The first line of defense in any emergency is having the American Heart Association to educate and people nearby to help.

We have implemented enable our employees to better help each other a series of practical training programs.

We have as first responders, shortening the crucial period life saving automatic external defibrillator (AED) between an injury and medical treatment.

The fire machines installed at 81 campuses across the marshals are an integral part of our emergency country and conduct regular first aid drills and fire response force, and also help with our efforts in drills.

In FY2022, we held 430 fire drills and 431 disseminating emergency knowledge, organizing first aid drills.

As of the end of FY2022, approximately 1,100 look after the safety of themselves and others, employees had completed training as fire marshals, since 2018 we have trained groups of volunteers and 1,700 had done so as first aid responders.

For program has resulted in Hangzhou Xixi Campus the training of first aid responders, we partner being recognized as a model first aid training site with Alibaba Health, the Chinese Red Cross, and by Hangzhou Municipality.

We aim to help our customers live a better digital life and make their consumption more sustainable.

Enabling a Sustainable Digital Life 2022Environmental, Social, and Governance ReportChairman's LetterExecutive SummaryEnvironmentConsumersCommunityPhilanthropyTrustEmployeesSmallBusinessesTrustExecutive SummaryEnvironmentCommunityPhilanthropyEmployeesSmallBusinessesChairman's LetterTrust As a leading global digital consumer platform, it is our responsibility to be clear about what sustainable consumption should be and what we can do to make it possible.

In this regard, the United Nation's SDGs help define sustainable consumption by balancing the enhancement of individual well being with the need for social responsibility.

Eradicating hunger is the most basic foundation for attaining these goals, and the next level of support is enabling everyone to improve their health and well being as they see fit.

This better life requires that people be able to access products and services for their diverse needs.

It also entails that consumers trust their suppliers, including with the protection of their privacy and data security.

Finally, consumption must not harm the environment and society.

All of this means that consumers should be able to consume in diverse, inclusive, trustworthy, and environmentally and socially responsible ways.

Attaining these goals remains a daunting prospect.

Some people's fulfillment of basic needs are still on the rise, while others are now focused on product quality, variety, and experiences.

We believe that digital technology provides unprecedented potential in delivering the goal of a more diverse, inclusive, and responsible life for everyone.

The archaeological discoveries of Sanxingdui in Sichuan province have amazed the world and inspired a popular fascination for archaeology.

For us, diverse consumption means increasing the range of possibilities for a better life.

Museum Day in 2021, Sanxingdui Museum opened its Tmall store with more than access to variety, quality, and affordability, no matter where they live and regardless of their economic circumstances.

For many of Alibaba's customers, our platforms are not merely an extra convenience, but make their lifestyles possible.

That is why we continuously strive to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base, whether these involve food, apparel, travel, entertainment, recreation, or whatever else helps them attain the better quality of life they seek.

Chinese museums such as the Palace Museum, and international museums such as the Louvre, the British Museum, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

These sales not only engender appreciation for history and cultural preservation among the public, but also financially support these institutions in their work.

They can shop for a vast selection of global goods around the world special mooncakes co created with the National Art Museum of China represent on Tmall Global.

They can also shop for increasingly popular China chic goods, niche and boutique brands, and custom and hand made goods on Taobao.

In FY2022, we provided billions of SKUs to meet the diverse needs of our customers.

In addition, consumers can get the best deals using our platforms which source directly from manufacturers and farms on Taobao Deals and Taocaicai.

They can trade in second hand, refurbished, and for rent goods on Idle Fish, purchase fresh ingredients and sundries on Freshippo, and order rapid delivery foods and beverages on Ele.me.

Kitchen, which in recent years has become the leading 3R Ready to cook, Ready to heat, Ready to eat brand in China.

Beyond the 60% of products of Freshippo's own designs, we creatively collaborate with renowned food establishments, talented chefs, viral beverage brands, innovative start ups, regional specialties, and more.

To date, these offerings are available in around 30 cities across China.

Our customers' well being relies not only on the quantity of goods available, but importantly on their quality.

Getting the products one needs when they are needed is a critical component of a better life.

This anytime, strive to help customers enjoy the best products at the quality they expect.

This starts with offering the brands that anywhere experience was once only available to the affluent, but now through our technical and logistics they want.

We provide services including nearly instant, half day, same day, or next day delivery options, as well as next day pick up services.

In areas traditionally underserved by brick and mortar retailers, a world of choice is suddenly on people's doorsteps.

Ultimately, we wish for more of our users to have access to the instant consumption experience.

Alibaba platforms provide consumers with delivery choices matching their needs for product releases and sales.

The annual Tmall 618 (June 18) sales festival has become increasingly regarded as a focal point in their sales strategies.

In 2022, more than 200 major international brands participated in Tmall 618, with over 300 new products selling out on the first day.

Our platforms open the world to Chinese consumers who can effortlessly experience the latest products from global brands.

Our platforms open doors for the fast rising China chic brands.

Their development now gives consumers around the world more and better choices.

On our platforms, MSMEs with their many distinctive products can now reach consumers globally.

For consumers, this is an era in which the niche, boutique, and varied are increasingly accessible.

Tmall Global, which bring the best of the world to Chinese consumers, has been lowering barriers for new sellers and helping overseas small brands to flourish in the large China market.

Alibaba Health has created an integrated online and offline sales channel for medical diagnostics and drug purchases.

In addition, the entire process of seeing a doctor or other medical professional, previously involving queues and waits, is now available online, including registration, appointments, follow up consultations, and home delivery.

We are also expanding our offline services, endeavoring to have partnered pharmacies available to all our users.

An important mission of our business is to help consumers attain the best value for their money, which is especially crucial to those aspiring to a better life.

We give full play to the advantages of digital platforms to provide consumers with cost effective goods and services.

We identify high quality manufacturers and assist them in planning and producing cost effective goods with our market insights.

We also continuously improve efficiencies across a vast warehousing and fulfillment network.

We try to bring more value to more diverse consumers through new business models.

For instance, Taobao Deals enables manufacturers and brands to sell directly to consumers to meet their needs for value for money products.

In FY2022, Taobao Deals passed the 300 million user milestone.

We also provide consumers with convenient money saving functionalities.

Find Similar function, allowing consumers to compare prices conveniently with similar goods.

We launched a Price Guarantee feature, whereby consumers may apply for a price difference refund on certain guaranteed goods if the price drops in the subsequent 90 days.

Lazada introduces same day delivery services in Manila, the Philippines equitable market for our consumers.

In November 2021, Lazada Philippines formally rolled out same day delivery in Manila.

Before then, consumers generally expected a fulfillment cycle of 3 to 5 days.

Our new service greatly improved convenience for Filipino shoppers.

Through Taocaicai, consumers in less affluent and remote regions can enjoy variety and value for many goods that were previously inaccessible to them.

Taocaicai has built a pool of more than 700 domestic and global agricultural direct procurement bases to offer over 1 million quality products.

While Taocaicai often operates in locations with less developed infrastructure, it builds its warehouses to strict standards, with temperature controlled storage rooms to help reduce waste and guarantee the freshness and safety of goods.

One of our central aims is to ensure the benefits of the modern digital economy are accessible to all.

To ensure that no one is left behind, we pay special attention to bringing the possibility of a better consumer life to underdeveloped areas, especially rural and remote areas, as well as to groups often facing digital challenges, including senior citizens, people living with disabilities, and others.

This progress has relied on the small town and rural logistics infrastructure we have put great effort into building, which enables us to bring modern commerce to remote areas that often face higher transport costs, lower density, and generally poorer commercial infrastructure.

By March 31, 2022, Cainiao had close to 50,000 village stations across the country.

These service capabilities and multi party logistics companies are making a difference in consumers' daily lives, narrowing the digital gap with urban households.

The village of Yangla in Yunnan Province is surrounded by the snow capped Hengduan Mountains.

Peichu Lurong had lived some time outside the region, he thought about the long trek residents in his hometown had to make to pick up mail.

That encouraged Lurong to return home to establish a Cainiao Post station.

Each day he makes a round trip of over 100 kilometers to retrieve packages for the 500 inhabitants of his village.

While China's population continues to age, we know that many senior citizens have found it more difficult to integrate fast evolving digital tools into their lives.

As a result, we continue to specially design services for our senior consumers.

We maintain and evolve a set of standards for age focused features under our Special Action for Aging and Barrier free Transformation of Internet Applications.

Taobao senior mode addresses key issues faced by older users, which we call the three struggles : the struggle to see clearly, the struggle to understand fully, and the struggle to use effectively.

We have enlarged display fonts and made our interface easier to read.

We designed our voice assistant to cover search, logistics, reminders, phone bills, interactions and other scenarios, simplifying the text input process for this older cohort.

Moreover, we have made it possible for family and friends to quickly share a one click link to enable senior mode.

Furthermore, we have added a special prompt to the payment interface to make the it easier to use and help senior users encountering difficulties in completing their purchases.

We even added a feature to allow a family member to pay for them.

It's difficult to travel along this winding, snow covered road, so the delivery center that I manage is the only encourage seniors to seek medical care, the construction regular link between the villagers and the outside world.

If I were not here, the villagers would be cut off.

I'm of nationwide WeCare taxi assistance stations, and doing something that really fulfills a pressing need of theirs, he said.

The presence of the station has significantly community awareness campaigns for helping seniors.

March 31, 2022, over 1,200 WeCare stations has been built access to a better life.

Because technology is all too often designed without taking them into account, the 85 million people living with disabilities in China frequently miss out on the benefits of digital life.

We work hard to understand the needs of this group and create digital products and services that are optimized for accessibility.

We established the Taobao Information Accessibility Lab back in 2011, and since then we have built a systematic product monitoring and improvement mechanism for ensuring a barrier free user experience.

We prioritize feedback on user interface (UI) obstacles, and regularly invite our target user base to share their actual experiences and needs.

A range of our products are continuously optimizing their accessible UI.

At present, Taobao's app fully supports use by visually impaired users, including text and picture to voice functions.

In FY2022, Taobao served 305,000 visually impaired users.

In December 2020, our Youku video hosting platform and the China Braille Library cooperated to launch the first online audio visual platform for barrier free services in the industry, and officially launched a Barrier free Theater.

On International Day for People with Disabilities, we released the barrier free edition of Youku app with film and television content, especially for short videos.

After the version was launched, visually impaired users could use screen reading software to read the information on our interface and select their favorite film and television works through voice commands.

Through collecting extensive feedback from visually impaired users on their pain points with technology, we optimized the video player interaction, providing a much improved accessible viewing experience.

FY2022, nearly 1.5 million viewers watched movies on Youku Barrier free Theater.

To give people with mobility disabilities easier access to travel and transit, Amap launched the accessibility routing and facility labeling function on its maps in 2017.

It works by displaying accessible elevators on subway station maps, and automatically plotting accessible routes for the user with one click.

Amap is also the first company in China to develop a visually impaired mode, making it easier for the visually impaired them to understand real time road information.

Ele.me and Tmall Genie collaborated to enable visually impaired people to order food directly with their voice using the Tmall Genie smart speaker assistant, which includes support for different dialects.

In addition, Tmall Genie also supports voiceprint verified payment to allow safe and reliable ease of payment for users with disabilities.

Source: Outline for Protection and Development of Disabled People during China's 14th Five Year Plan.

Enjoying trustworthy consumption is an essential part of a better digital life.

We strive to ensure our consumers can have confidence in three areas: product quality and safety, user privacy and data security protection, and responsive service.

In January 2017, we established the Alibaba Anti Counterfeiting Alliance (AACA) to work collectively to tackle the challenge of counterfeit goods by combining the inherent knowledge of brand owners, our intelligent technology, as well as law enforcement and civil legal channels.

As of March 2022, more than 1,100 brands from 21 countries have joined the AACA.

We take seriously our role as the gatekeeper for consumers on our platforms, and we strive to establish clear their rights, and raises public awareness of the importance of protecting the intellectual property of and enforced rules, while developing and using the latest technology to support this role.

When infringing stores are spotted in the offline world such as shopping a digital quality assurance mechanism and have taken measures to govern it.

Counterfeiting not only hurts rights holders, it also harms consumers and erodes their trust.

With support from market supervision bureaus, public safety authorities, and judicial agencies, our system uses digital technology to enable consumers to work in tandem with brands to protect their rights.

When consumers notice infringing stores in physical environments, they can access the Consumer Reporting System on Taobao and upload pictures of the infringements, the location of the seller, and other information.

We then use technology to cross reference before sending the information to the brand owners for enforcement action.

For example, Tmall carries out strict management of merchant platform entry, advertising and quality, inspection and sampling, and so on.

We carefully craft and maintain quality control processes that are appropriate for each of our diverse services.

Our quality assurance is underpinned by a full, closed loop management pathway that introduces advanced technologies such as AI identification and blockchain traceability technology to track and promote quality, transparency, and reliability.

We also actively collaborate with consumer groups, regulatory agencies, public interest organizations, and others, and share our product quality monitoring and management technology to combat counterfeit and shoddy goods.

To improve product reliability for consumers, we have established the Tmall Global Quality Partner Alliance, gathering 91 international and Chinese third party testing and inspection institutions.

By leveraging blockchain and big data technology, it tracks information of the supply chain and links of imported products, including details on production, packaging, transportation, customs declarations, third party testing, retail sales, and so on.

Global Traceability QR Code has been labeled on every piece of product that joined the Project, so that consumers have easy access to the information of the imported products, thus consuming with greater confidence.

Protecting the privacy of consumers is the basis for trustworthy consumption.

Privacy Code Protection service is not just about locking away data.

Merchants must understand their customers well enough to ensure that personalized and quality services can be provided.

We deeply ingrain the concept of privacy protection and data security into our practices, making full use of privacy technology to achieve data sharing in a trusted environment.

To this end, we have formulated three guiding principles that we strive to follow: minimal data collection, maximum user awareness and choices, and the strongest user data protection in our products and services.

Make users aware of the scope of data collection and its intended uses through clear prompts, pop ups, and forms.

Once data is collected, strictly protect users' basic rights in areas such as access, inquiry, withdrawal, modification, or deletion.

Develop a range of privacy services and improve privacy management functions, including a privacy policy inquiry portal, privacy over one's friends, and data consent management and withdrawal.

Ensure the user's right to know how their data is used: 1) establish an algorithm management system that is transparent to supervision, and can fulfill our legal obligations and 2) build an algorithm operations mechanism that is transparent and interpretable, ensuring the user's right to know.

Opt out option: Provide users with the option to easily opt out of personalized recommendations.

For example, Taobao has the option to turn off recommendations based on personal data.

Optimize our recommendations: Establish a feedback mechanism for users to ensure that they have the right to offer their opinions on the results of algorithmic decisions.

We keep improving our systems to ensure strong protection of user data in our products.

In early 2022, we adopted virtual phone number functions for consumer privacy protection in major apps such as Taobao, Amap, and Ele.me.

Merchants and service providers contact consumers without knowing their real numbers.

On the Taobao app alone, this new function has already covered more than 500 million active consumers.

We have developed features and mechanisms on our platforms to ensure that users can protect their personal privacy during the whole process of ordering, payments, and fulfillment.

We only transmit data absolutely necessary for fulfillment.

In 2022, Taobao introduced its Privacy Code Protection service, allowing users to use a virtual phone number throughout the whole purchase and fulfillment process.

Our Amap and Ele.me apps have also introduced free Privacy Code Protection services, allowing complete assurance throughout the process.

August 15, 2022, our virtual phone number feature has covered over 500 million active consumers on Taobao.

Turning this on will use virtual numbers with merchants and riders.

Recommendations Manage personalized recommendations functions.

Personalized recommendation Turning this off will disable personalized recommendations for the user.

Communication issues with customer service is a pain point for many customers.

Ultimately, the best customer service is when no customer service is needed, and as such we try hard accessible, timely, and empathetic customer service, resolving the concern of consumers when ordering.

In 2003, we established our Customer Experience Improvement Center, and have continually trained a team of purchasing decisions, but allows sellers to get feedback to improve their products and services.

This not only helps consumers make better dedicated staff with the goal of resolving customer problems.

We adhere to two tenets: first, we make it as easy as possible for users to contact us, and then we focus on resolving their issues as expeditiously as possible.

Our technology powered methods include a customer service hotline, live online chat rooms, and automated service bots available at the click of a button.

Users can easily access customer service portals in all of our apps to request the platform's intervention should any issues arise.

We were also among the first in China to launch services such as our 7 day no questions asked returns and speedy refunds for customers.

In FY2022, more than 900 million orders were refunded, covered by our speedy refund system.

In May 2021, we launched a new complaint handling protocol that empowers our staff to solve user issues proactively.

Meanwhile, we strive to prevent the occurrence of issues in the first place by constantly looking for ways to improve product quality, fulfillment, and services.

Tmall's complaint rate represented just 0.015% of total orders, with a complaint response rate of 100%.

Responsible consumption means helping consumers achieve better lives while limiting and reducing harmful social and environmental impacts.

This covers a wide range of environmentally and socially beneficial consumer practices that we are supporting.

We endeavor to advocate for greater environmental awareness, using our platform to influence and change consumer perceptions and behaviors in multiple arenas.

While we promote the adoption of low carbon lifestyles on the consumer side (refer to Chapter 1, Section 2, Sub section: Scope 3 actions), we also stimulate the supply of green goods and discourage environmentally harmful goods.

An increasing number of consumers are prioritizing responsible consumption, especially by choosing green products.

As such, we are working to promote these sustainably sourced goods on our platforms, such as energy saving home appliances, recycled and biodegradable materials, and organic foods.

Through a variety of offline and online channels, we are also helping to popularize green packaging and recycling of our products, in order to promote the green behavior of hundreds of millions of consumers.

We will further encourage consumers to practice green consumption behavior by designing green incentives, and continuously expanding the green consumer community.

The rapid increase in the use of packaging, especially plastics, has been an unfortunate by product of growing consumption.

At Alibaba, we have both an obligation and capacity to help forestall this trend.

By adopting green packaging, we stimulate a series of positive effects, of which carbon reduction is only one dimension, and which includes knock on effects like the reduction of plastic pollution.

We strive to make green and simple packaging options more visible.

Taobao's Green Mall section, we featured goods with green packaging (non tape zipper boxes, degradable packaging, and shipping in original boxes), including beauty, food, and other products.

Warehouse, Cainiao will mark their fulfillment details with a green package tag.

During the 6.18 Shopping Festival in 2022, Taobao, Tmall, and nearly 40 brands collectively advocated for simpler packaging that reduces use of plastic, printing ink, and other packaging materials.

Participating brands have integrated both simplicity and environmental awareness into using innovative designs to simplify and reduce packaging.

At Intime Department Stores, we have been replacing taped delivery boxes with the choice of re usable zipper bags.

We also encourage shipping box recycling to increase the lifespan of the packaging.

An important channel of participation is through Cainiao's box recycling program which operates convenient box drop off sites at a number of local Cainiao stations.

We worked with our million strong merchant partners to offer rewards for box recycling.

The program currently covers 315 cities in 31 provincial administrative regions.

In November 2021, Alibaba and Unilever jointly launched a campaign to encourage consumers to recycle and reuse plastic bottles at recycling machines by rewarding them with green energy points.

Plastic recycling machines have been installed at more than 170 Tmall offline stores across the country by July 2022.

Southeast Asia, collaborating with partner brands to make environment friendly products easy to access and recognize.

These include green fashion brands and goods that reduce plastic in manufacturing, packaging, and transportation processes.

Lazada aims to encourage more consumers to make responsible consumption choices, especially in the purchase of daily necessities.

We have begun experimenting with Easy Green labels, focusing on environmentally friendly products that are biodegradable, renewable, and packaged in optimized, reduced, or no plastic ways.

We hope to transform harmful searches into a public educational project that all sectors of society can participate in and make positive contributions to together.

We also take seriously the potential for facilitation of self harm.

In July 2019, several teams at Alibaba jointly introduce the Life is Precious project, focused on noticing early warning signs of psychological crisis among users.

When sellers are alerted to a risk, such as through a customer searching or asking about self harm implements, they act as the first line of defense by immediately responding with dissuasion and words of comfort while also contacting trained professionals in Alibaba Safety's suicide prevention team.

In the case of a severe emergency, Alibaba will also contact local first responders so that they can intervene and help.

Through March 31, 2022, over 4,400 people who have shown signs of distress have received such intervention on our platforms.

Beyond that, more than 34,000 people have called the hotline on the project page for psychological counseling.

Through our re commerce platform Idle Fish, we strive to create the world's largest market for second harms our planet and society.

In 2020, we worked with partners to launch the GreenNet Program for responsible consumption.

These users buy and sell idle goods, which are frequently custom made, niche, and of high quality.

Every transaction guarantees a reduction in the consumption of new resources.

For example, a search for ivory will lead to articles on elephant conservation, while a search for styrofoam containers leads to information on environmental damage from these products.

Idle Fish has introduced innovative solutions for many issues faced by re commerce markets including can increase consumer awareness and not only phase these products out of our platforms, but from the rest item standardization, quality control, and dispute resolution.

The platform has transformed second hand of society.

With some products, we also provide recommendations for responsible alternatives.

We have also trading into a more viable option through a number of creative features.

These include linking to other integrated a reporting system into our platform to allow users to flag environmentally harmful products that are e commerce platforms such as Taobao and Tmall to offer seamless traceability and information for goods being sold under false pretenses.

We have also worked hard to combat the sale of harmful and violent products and to protect younger and to resolve disputes and bolster reliability through a form of co governance which enables users to vulnerable users from risks such as fraud, explicit materials, online bullying and abuse, and other risks to their participate in dispute resolution processes as peer jurors.

These innovations are critical to the successful health and well being.

As of June 30, 2022, the GreenNet program has so far displayed information on the risks of development of second hand markets.

As a technology driven platform company, we commit to empowering businesses across our ecosystem, in particular micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs), to become more competitive and generate scalable and inclusive employment.

We believe that high quality digital transformation and development should lead to a world in which no one will be left behind.

Responsible technology should be green, and we strive to be the green leader in cloud technology in innovation.

In FY2022, we spent over RMB120 billion on technology related expenditures.

To achieve this, we will continue to improve the energy efficiency of our hardware, increase the serve the social good, the technologies themselves must be responsible, which means having high standards of use of clean energy, expand the recycling of waste heat and hardware, and continue to innovate.

For being efficient, environmentally friendly, cutting edge, inclusive, and open.

Here we focus on Alibaba Cloud to more information, please refer to Section 1 of Chapter 1, Greening our operations and value chain.

We have been long recognized as the leading Chinese company in open source activity and impact.

The 21st century is the century of digitalization.

Fully harvesting the digital dividends for everyone relies critically on driving computing performance higher while using fewer resources such as energy.

As companies move to the cloud, they see major performance and efficiency gains, and reduced reliance on resources, with benefits to themselves and to the environment.

Alibaba Cloud is a recognized global leader in cloud services.

In the 2021 Gartner Solution Scorecard for integrated IaaS and PaaS, Alibaba Cloud received the highest scores in the four core evaluations of computing, storage, network, and security (required), separately.

Aside from improving our own operations, we have also leveraged the cloud to create intelligent tools to help our business ecosystem achieve a green transition.

This includes our Energy Expert, which helps organizations monitor and reduce their energy use.

Maintaining our leadership in core technologies is essential to achieving all our goals.

What makes this possible is our people working on the cutting edge of many foundational technologies.

Alibaba currently holds more than 13,000 global patents, with 10,000 in key fields that include cloud computing, artificial intelligence, data technology, and other areas of intense research.

At Alibaba, we strive to make it easy for anyone to start a new business using our cloud and other platforms.

More than ten million MSMEs in our platform ecosystem, such as our merchants, use cloud computing to operate their businesses.

Besides that, more than four million customers use Alibaba Cloud services globally.

In China, one measure of our success is that among the nationally recognized little giants, small, leading innovative firms across varied sectors 65% were using Alibaba Cloud, and 50% of them were using our smart office platform DingTalk, as of the end of FY2022.

In 2021, we initiated the Welcome to the Cloud program for MSMEs, and have helped them in finding office spaces, deploying and using technology, and hiring talent.

We launched the Feitian Acceleration Program in 2020, and expanded it in 2021 to provide an equivalent of RMB1.5 billion in free cloud resources over three years.

By the end of FY2022, we had provided 640 million hours of computing resources to over 2,200 universities, benefiting 100,000 students and faculty.

Since April 2020, for MSMEs with R D teams of fewer than 30 staff, we provide free or discounted cloud services, and low code supporting packages to help them use and customize cloud software efficiently and securely.

Alibaba has been a firm believer in open ecosystems in technology and is an active participant in open source projects.

Alibaba was ranked first for many years in open source activity and influence among Chinese enterprises.

We also received the most awards in the 2021 Science and Technology Innovation China Open Source List, launched by the China Association for Science and Technology.

InfoQ ranked Alibaba first in their top 10 list of enterprise contributions in their latest report, China Open Source Development Research and Analysis 2022.

In their list of the top 30 open source projects, Alibaba alone accounted for 11 projects.

So far, more than 30,000 developers globally have participated in Alibaba initiated open source projects.

These projects have garnered more than 1 million stars on GitHub and are utilized by companies around the world.

To foster a culture that values basic science research, Alibaba sponsors activities aimed at stimulating more widespread public interest, improving math and science literacy, and recognizing and nurturing scientific achievement.

We are supporters of and maintainers of well established projects such as Linux, MySQL, Redis, in basic research and applied sciences, including many interdisciplinary sciences.

JVM, Kubernetes, containerd, Apache Flink, and Envoy.

In 2021, we upgraded our open source strategy, centering on jointly advancing open source projects for foundational software and focusing on four major areas: operating systems, databases, big data analytics, and cloud native technologies.

We particularly see cloud technologies as critical to the future of the open source ecosystem.

We will continue our efforts in open source research, development, and community building, and seek to work with industry peers and community members to make more open source software available for the benefit of all.

Academy and Alibaba R D institutions around the world, as well as data and computing power.

Our specialized engineering teams help young scholars channel their initial insights into practical research projects.

The Fellowship has become an influential and respected national science award.

OpenAnolis, established in September 2020, is an open source operating system (OS) community and innovation platform.

The community brings together cloud operators, telecom firms, and chip companies, among others, to promote the development of software, hardware, and their applications.

By July 2022, Anolis OS had over one million installations.

Alibaba Cloud provides network and other resources for the OpenAnolis community such as our own optimized cloud version along with ten years of free long term technical support.

The Fourth Alibaba Global Mathematics Competition was held in 2022 to promote public interest in mathematics.

With minimal entry requirements to garner broad participation, it has attracted over 50,000 participants over the past three sessions.

Alibaba seeks to level the playing field for smaller companies by arming them with corporate management capacities and dynamic markets, which we call a business operating system, that supports as many enterprises as possible and makes it easy to do business anywhere.

Alibaba equips small businesses and their entrepreneurs with many capabilities and market opportunities previously reserved for large corporations, allowing them to successfully compete while maintaining their nimbleness and innovative drive.

We continue to build platforms that link MSMEs with various markets and consumers.

At the same time, MSMEs using our cloud based tools can gain access to a host of digital intelligent business solutions, including branding, product sourcing, sales, marketing, distribution channels, manufacturing support, customer services, finance, logistics supply chain, organizational management, and information technology.

In this section, we first cover the impact of our digital intelligent business solutions in several dimensions including starting up, decision support, work collaboration, logistics, financing, intellectual property protection, and training and learning.

Then we illustrate our efforts in connecting MSMEs with market opportunities.

A digital business operating system for MSMEs tools that are enterprise class yet easy to use and manage.

Our Taobao service marketplace is a market for digital and intelligent solutions from Alibaba and other solutions providers offering software, content, and supply chain management, among others.

By establishing an active third party ecosystem, we aim to lower the threshold and ease many obstacles for the start up and digital operations of small businesses.

Qianniu as a one stop management platform for our merchants with a full suite of e commerce business tools, including goods management, order management, marketing, CRM, cash management, logistics, online operations, business consultation, and data analysis.

Users need only a mobile phone to access all the tools anytime, anywhere.

In FY2022, more than nine million active merchants on our platforms used Qianniu to manage their stores.

Alibaba's Business Advisor, first launched in 2014, is our e commerce analytics suite to help merchants gain insights about their business and thus improve their decisions.

Aside from providing analysis of the business, market dynamics, and competition, Business Advisor also features online coaching and training.

Currently, approximately 90% of our merchants with monthly sales over RMB300,000 are users of Business Advisor.

These tools help users unlock the growth potential of their data.

Small businesses have often been less able to withstand shocks, notably during the COVID 19 pandemic.

We have taken a series of measures to help the MSMEs on our platforms, including subsidies, fee waivers, traffic support, and programs to aid logistics and financing.

In FY2022, we implemented a number of measures, including subsidies, which covered roughly 9 million merchants on our Taobao and Tmall platforms.

Traffic Greenhouse: A plan to support new MSME merchants in gaining exposure to customers.

Commissions were waived when merchants broadcast through their accounts.

Since July 2021, Taobao has changed its merchant security deposits from a fixed to a floating quota to allow for flexibility.

Interest rate cuts for both credit loans and loans on inventory.

Interest waived for prepayment during certain periods.

Freight insurance: From June '21 to Mar '22, average premiums decreased by 12%, benefiting 7.2 million merchants on Tmall Taobao.

Shipping fees: household appliance fulfillment costs were reduced, some by over 10%.

I am very grateful to Alibaba for providing us with these digital tools, which reduces the cost of running a store and gives us the confidence to run it well...

Right now, I feel like I'm riding an express train, and our overall performance is at least 20% better than previously.

DingTalk is our digital office communications and application development suite that offers new ways of working, sharing, and collaborating.

It now serves users from more than 21 million organizations and 500 million users across the world.

DingTalk and its ecosystem of tools have been helping these organizations digitize office operations such as team management, projects, meetings, calendars, financials, inventories, and documents.

For small businesses with limited internal IT capabilities, we have developed low code or even no code products and services.

In June 2021, DingTalk launched more than 20 free software suites that provide easy to use digital solutions for cost reduction and efficiency increases.

These covered recruitment, employee training, project management, and so forth, and introduced low code support for adding user defined functions.

Today, around 70% of DingTalk business users are MSMEs.

We made particular efforts to help these businesses keep operating after the pandemic began.

Since 2014, Cainiao has offered fully digitized batch order processing that offered a leap in capabilities for businesses regardless of size.

We have established a cost effective logistic network that provides diversified logistics services and continuously works to reduce costs and improve logistics efficiency for our customers, which especially benefits MSMEs.

In China, Cainiao maintains more than 10 million square meters of warehouse space, and its direct distribution service covers more than 2,800 districts and counties.

Meanwhile, Cainiao Global reaches more than 160 countries and regions with its multimodal transport solutions.

We continuously work to optimize the convenience of our services with digital technology.

For example, our digital supply chain management system and digitally powered distribution facilities have reduced inventory requirements and improved turnover, while our innovations in unmanned vehicles have also been widely adopted.

Operations Research and the Management Sciences, recognizing our contributions to the optimization of supply chain management and operations planning based on integrated forecasting, inventory, and price recommendation algorithms.

This made Alibaba the only company in the last 20 years to reach the competition’s finals for two consecutive years, and the only Chinese company among the finalists this year.

MSMEs often lack collateral or traditional credit history, which can make obtaining traditional financing an insurmountable challenge.

Our ecosystem financing partner uses big data to solve this impediment, assessing credit risk quickly to provide convenient unsecured loans for small businesses.

A secure environment for intellectual property rights (IPR) development is key to promoting innovation.

Alibaba established an intellectual property rights protection system as early as 2002.

Through extensive stakeholder cooperation over the past 20 years, we have built this system into a comprehensive framework.

It covers a breadth of protection: from trademarks to many other rights, both online and offline enforcement, supporting large global brands and MSMEs, and combating counterfeiting while developing systems that encourage innovation and originality.

Intellectual Property Protection Platform ( the IPP ).

We enable protection across a wide range of scenarios encountered by the vast number of rights holders who work with us.

As of March 31, 2022, more than 660,000 IP rights worldwide were protected on the IPP, through over 590,000 accounts.

In 2020, Alibaba launched the Simp'Ali online rights protection program for MSMEs around the world.

Simp’Ali simplifies the takedown request procedures for participants in the program, thus improving the efficiency of rights protection, and further strengthening the accessibility of the IPP for those companies with less experience in online reporting.

Alibaba also carries out proactive monitoring across our platforms through our IPR Protection Tech Brain, with technology that identifies and removes suspected infringing and other potentially problematic products.

We continuously upgrade this technology, in collaboration with rights holders.

Alibaba helped us a lot with online and offline rights protection, which is of special significance for the rapid development of MSMEs.

Alibaba innovates and finds new applications for our technologies, such as IPR Protection Tech Brain, AI Virtual Model, AI tool for trademark generation, digital copyright protection, and invisible video watermarking.

Alibaba assists law enforcement agencies and rights holders to crack down on counterfeiters and counterfeit goods using intelligent algorithms.

In FY2022, Alibaba assisted authorities to carry out offline enforcement, and assisted in the investigation and resolution of 2,802 counterfeiting cases, with a total estimated case value of RMB3.557 billion.

We cooperate with a series of domestic and foreign agencies and industry associations to provide one stop intellectual property protection for products bearing geographical indications.

By March 31, 2022, a total of 170 geographical indication certification marks were being protected.

We worked with businesses to establish the world's first e commerce anti counterfeiting alliance, the Alibaba Anti Counterfeiting Alliance (AACA).

The alliance provides a multi party governance structure to address the problems of counterfeits and infringements, and has established extensive industry influence.

As of March 2022, the AACA included more than 1,100 brands from 21 countries.

We work with various industry associations such as the International Anti Counterfeiting Coalition (IACC), European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), China Britain Business Council (CBBC), Korea Trade Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA), and the Japanese Intellectual Property Group (IPG) in China.

Together, these collaborations and industry forums create new models to promote a healthy international e commerce business environment.

Alibaba's AI powered IPR Protection Tech Brain is a great initiative.

It is also a leading technology in the industry, and is more effective than traditional methods.

Authorities should support AI anti counterfeiting methods, as they will bolster the industry.

From 2020, Alibaba Digital County and the Xiangshan local government worked together to build up online sales and marketing for Xiangshan's tasty variety of citrus.

The fruits were marketed and promoted through Freshippo online and offline channels.

With new popularity, Xiangshan farmers quickly found infringing versions of their goods, but successfully utilized Alibaba's IPP platform to file takedown requests, allowing them to effectively manage authorized use of the Xiangshan Red Beauty brand.

We want to help MSMEs grow themselves through digital training and data analysis tools.

Taobao Education provides online and offline training sessions, which have gathered more than 100 million attendances since 2016.

People participating in the training include aspirational learners: business owners, e commerce players, livestreaming anchors, and students, among others.

Set up in early 2021, Taobao Short Classes provide entrepreneurship training in various skills.

More than a thousand three minute lessons have been produced, with more than 20 million attendances by the end of FY2022.

More than 1,000 enterprises used our lessons for internal training courses by the end of FY2022.

Modena vinegar, Tuscan extra virgin olive oil, and Chianti Classico red wine.

In 2021, a total of 200 courses were added and 7,000 participants were trained.

We have a long standing collaboration with Alibaba Group in fighting infringing geographical indications in the agri food sector We have been working successfully with Alibaba for six years and using their reporting system, the IPP Platform, which is a very easy and effective tool.

Using human models to show clothing can be expensive, time consuming, and sometimes leads to the unauthorized use of modeled product images.

Virtual Model system, released in 2020, lets merchants use AI generated images of models displaying products such as apparel.

Made available without charge to our merchants, Virtual Model is now widely used across several of our e commerce platforms.

As of March 2022, more than 20,000 merchants have used the system to generate more than 390,000 images.

ACM MM, and AAAI, and are covered by five patent applications.

Across our varied platforms including Taobao, Taobao Deals, Ele.me, and others, the common appeal is in the business and lifestyle ecosystem built by tens of millions of small businesses and many more customers.

Our business operating system offers foundational tools that bridge consumers and merchants, and most critically, provides unprecedented market opportunities for MSMEs.

This grew into his own manufacturing firm Tongheng Weichuang, which specializes in wireless communications and network equipment.

Xiaowei began as an OEM manufacturer, but margins were always thin, and in 2014 he launched products under his own brand.

Sales and marketing for smaller manufacturers has always been a challenge.

In 2017, his business found the perfect partner for its development with our 1688.com e commerce platform for producers.

Since settling on 1688, Xiaowei's business has been helped by the platform to navigate a range of growth milestones and challenges, eventually seeing some of his products become top performers on a variety of e commerce platforms.

COVID 19 pandemic by allowing him to fully showcase his products to customers without them needing to leave home and visit his factory.

His business was given a further boost by 1688's Super Factory brand support and incubation program, launched in 2020, which has increased their online traffic and helped establish long term supplier partnerships with large clients including Lenovo and Tencent.

Before we met 1688, we were just a small OEM factory.

Since meeting 1688, we have built a super factory now selling over RMB100 million annually.

Not long ago, many of the industrial belt manufacturers in Hebei were limited to being only regional businesses due to factors such as logistics costs and branding.

After Shijiazhuang Chuangmei Carpet Factory opened its Taobao Deals direct sale store, online revenue grew to account for 40% of total sales.

According to factory director Xu Zhang, Chuangmei previously stocked products based on past experience, but frequently faced inventory mismatches.

At its worst, this led to a backlog of RMB6 million in raw materials in 2017 due to incorrect forecasting.

Now with advance orders from e commerce, their production is determined by sales, without inventory problems.

Taobao Deals facilitates the selection of best selling products.

In the past, they often placed 10 bets for one winner.

Now, they design new products with data, which helps merchants predict a product's success rate with a high degree of accuracy.

In addition, by using the Taobao Deals warehouse, Chuangmei has cut delivery times by an average of 5 hours and logistics costs by 15%.

If we use PVC mats to illustrate, previously the costs for retail deliveries were 30 times more than for wholesale.

Now we are able to fulfill small orders efficiently and can carry out all orders with a unified standard.

MSMEs outside China to sell more easily in their home markets.

In FY2022, there were over 245,000 paying members from China and around the world on Alibaba.com, through which more than 40 million buyers from over 190 countries sourced business or completed transactions.

In 2016, Alibaba proposed the electronic World Trade Platform (eWTP) initiative, aiming to foster more convenient, innovative, and inclusive global trade through digitalization and collaboration.

At present, eWTP has launched 10 cooperative projects on four continents.

In 2011, Halil Erdogmus founded ebebek, the first local e commerce website for maternal and infant products in Turkey.

In June 2019, ebebek became the first Turkish merchant on AliExpress to sell globally and also opened a flagship store on Tmall, and has been growing overseas markets through these global platforms.

Erdogmus, who is achieving his dream of selling to the world, now proudly displays two charts in his office: a world map and a sales chart by country.

In Ethiopia, an estimated 20% of the workforce is tied to the coffee industry.

With the COVID pandemic, the Ethiopian coffee industry saw a sudden drop in sales, along with severe disruptions in production and logistics.

Many small businesses were deeply affected, so in late 2021, we worked with the local government and international organizations to carry out a project to help some businesses recover.

Through training sessions, local MSMEs learned about packaging, online store management, and logistics.

In December 2021, this cooperation helped three local Ethiopian coffee brands become the first to successfully onboard with Tmall Global and sell directly into the Chinese market.

During Chinese New Year in 2022, these Ethiopian brands launched their first livestreaming promotion, resulting in more than 10,000 packs of coffee being sold in seconds.

While attending this program, Andres was highly impressed by the Taobao villages he visited, such as Bainiu Village, and he felt this model would work well in Mexico too.

GDT and the Taobao village models to five Mexican states.

As of 2021, over 400 university teachers had participated in the eWTP GDT program, learning both theoretical concepts in the digital economy and how to apply best practices.

Afterwards, these teachers applied the knowledge they gained from the eWTP GDT program in their own classes, benefiting over 8,000 students.

These students were linked with 1,500 local enterprises and small businesses, helping them undergo a digital upgrade to bring their products online, use digital payments, and manage logistics.

These merchants are now selling their Mexican specialty products, including Mexican honey, leather goods, and molcajete to global consumers.

Andres saw his aspirations reach fruition with a number of these Mexican digital villages.

We continue to make it easier for MSMEs in our home market to access tremendous global opportunities.

AI translation system can overcome communications barriers in global trade by translating between more other emerging markets.

Lazada's e commerce business has grown rapidly in Southeast Asia, and than one hundred languages.

To help through the ongoing pandemic and other global disruptions, we are the unit is bolstering it with more automated warehouses, sorting centers, and technology enabled providing MSMEs with locked in prices for shipping by sea this year.

We provide services such as a full container facilities across the region.

Lazada has continued to improve its cross border and last mile logistics load (FCL) limited warranty, compensation for late arrival of trailers at the port, arrival guarantee, and a wide capabilities.

Meanwhile, Lazada University imparts e commerce knowledge, intelligent marketing, range of rights protection so that businesses can ship without worry.

Multilingual customer service desks allow sellers to communicate with consumers from all over the world more conveniently.

In April 2022, in order to help merchants shipping to and from Shanghai Port during the disruption caused by the global pandemic, we launched a one stop solution for sea and land transportation.

This provided integrated logistics solutions for trailers, customs declaration, and full container loads (FCL) to help Alibaba.com merchants.

This included the first FCL program targeting shipments to the United States to help reduce friction when shipping to its congested West Coast ports.

We have integrated nearly 4,000 lines of trailers from major manufacturing centers to Shanghai Port.

The Chinese coffee machine brand HiBREW joined the AliExpress platform in August 2019 and has grown into a leading seller.

During the pandemic, HiBREW's sales rose nearly 70%.

We used to focus on the European and American markets.

After we got on AliExpress, we found that the Middle East market also has a great demand for our machines.

Southeast Asia to support brick and mortar stores to shift online during the COVID 19 pandemic.

Philippines supported the Angels for Angels project, which aims to empower marginalized women to create Christmas decorations.

In December 2021, devastating floods hit Malaysia.

Lazada quickly responded to support the affected communities, donating to 10 rescue centers nearly 30,000 units of relief supplies including meal rations, bottled water, blankets, hygiene kits, baby supplies, COVID 19 test kits.

Singapore to provide digital workshops to help seniors understand new product categories, and the use of services such as mobile payment for online shopping.

Creating and promoting quality, inclusive employment is an important way business can contribute to society.

This is particularly meaningful when we can provide fair opportunities to historically underrepresented groups, and give people new skills, thus helping them develop.

The growth of our platform helps to generate extremely scalable, flexible, high quality, and inclusive employment compared to traditional businesses.

As of March 31, 2022, Alibaba Group directly employed more than 250,000 full time employees in 27 countries and regions.

While working to make possible all that we do, they continue to acquire and enhance their skills on the job, making themselves increasingly competitive in the digital era.

Their economic activity drives a series of new job opportunities, such as livestreaming anchors, customer service agents, product marketers, couriers, and so on.

At the same time, the many transactions on the platform facilitate the circulation of goods and services, and promote employment in the upstream and downstream businesses such as manufacturing.

We see our most important role not as selling products, but as working with myriad stakeholders to develop a vibrant ecosystem with tens of millions of businesses, most of which are MSMEs and individual workers.

Helping others obtain opportunity is our best contribution to social value.

Selling through Alibaba's platforms, millions of guitars are shipped worldwide every year from Zheng'an County, Zunyi, Guizhou Province, nourishing a local economy that creates more than 20,000 jobs in a previously impoverished area.

Yujiang works in fulfillment in the factory in front of his home which is part of a Taobao Village.

With a stable monthly income of RMB3,000 to RMB5,000, his whole family now worries less about their livelihood.

He said: The job is so good now that it is as if the wind doesn't blow over me and the rain doesn't make me wet (a Chinese proverb).

I can take care of the children in my hometown, and I'm very respected by everyone.

Based on recent research, it was estimated that our e commerce platform had directly brought about at least 20 million jobs in the retail industry, based on micro surveys.

The food delivery platform Ele.me has also promoted millions of employment opportunities in catering.

In 2021, the orders from our e commerce platform supported more than one million jobs in the express delivery industry.

According to the RUC team, Taobao Livestreaming has created 1.731 million direct and indirect job opportunities such as livestreaming anchors.

Food delivery platform Ele.me had created job opportunities for more than one million monthly active food delivery riders as of FY2022.

In FY2022, the GMV of our platforms in mainland China was RMB7.976 trillion, which represents our platform's role in facilitating these transactions by efficiently matching demand with supply at scale.

According to estimates by the RUC team and IDC, the employment opportunities created in this value chain from platform activities are 1.48 2.85 times the direct employment in the platform, which was estimated at over 20 million.

Fliggy, Taobao Movie, and other service platforms also link and promote more than one million jobs in related industries.

Source: Employment system and employment quality in Alibaba's ecosystem, 2020, School of Labor and Human Resources, Renmin University of China.

Ele.me’s food delivery platform offers a typical form of flexible employment for its more than one million including online customer service, remote doctors, livestreaming anchors, digital planners, and delivery riders, among active riders every month.

To ensure their safety and well being on the job, it has implemented several new others.

Many forms of digital employment lower barriers to entry, increase job flexibility, and better match individual and concrete measures.

Alibaba's Blue Ocean employment platform helps restaurants and local shops with shared employees or delivery riders.

At the height of the COVID 19 pandemic in early 2020, the emergence of the stay at home economy promoted the rapid rise of broadcast e commerce.

Overnight, the new profession of livestreaming anchors with goods became mainstream.

In turn, this burgeoning industry created numerous ancillary careers behind the camera in program production, not to mention in the goods sold.

Zhaopin.com reported that the number of positions related to live broadcasting soared 84.0% year over year in the spring of 2020.

Taobao Live has created an estimated 1.731 million direct and indirect employment opportunities.

We required all the riders to be covered by have been adjusted to a more flexible range.

An anti fatigue alert kicks in after a rider has weather data, to ensure rider safety.

Riders can independently adjust the upper limit of mandatory break.

Ele.me opened a psychological counseling service appointment hotline.

Source: Taobao Live Employment Estimate, 2020, School of Labor and Human Resources, Renmin University of China.

Alibaba sees our goal as helping workers not just to find a job but to help them find jobs they want, and to level up to a job that gives them higher growth potential, and a better sense of personal and professional satisfaction.

Digital platforms can help mitigate traditional gender discrimination in employment by enabling all parties to compete on an equal footing.

Indeed, our statistics show that nearly half of the tens of millions of merchants on our platforms are operated by women.

About 46% of the tens of millions of e commerce entrepreneurs active on Taobao are women, as of March 31, 2022.

Digital managers use smart digital platforms to set up an organization's digital work suites and business building their own sustainable businesses with the equalizing power of digital tools.

In September 2021, China's national occupation standard officially recognized digital managers as a profession, with DingTalk participating in drafting the standard.

E commerce livestreaming offers many women, especially those living outside traditional media markets, potential to develop themselves and their businesses.

Women are nearly 30% of Cainiao employees, with roles across all logistics positions.

Tens of thousands of women have started their own businesses joining the Cainiao Post.

AI trainers are specialists who facilitate the training and optimization process for artificial intelligence algorithms to ensure that they are accurate and continue to improve.

Alibaba played a leading role in drafting the standard, which goes into detail on the different categories of algorithms and roles required.

By creating work that relies less on physical skills or being in a fixed location, digital technology has lowered barriers and opened up many new avenues of opportunities for people with disabilities.

Alibaba proactively engages with multiple foundations and advocacy groups to accommodate more people with disabilities into our work.

We train special needs workers and have made adjustments to some roles.

Teyun is a group of flexible workers with disabilities in Alibaba Cloud customer service.

Hui Guo, 32, from Shangqiu, suffered an accident and lost his right hand.

In Cloud customer service, he found a new starting point in life.

He rose through the ranks in the Henan Zhongmu Cloud Customer Service Center and now earns one of its highest monthly incomes in the center.

Bin Gao, 28, is a hearing impaired individual who works as an Ele.me rider, thanks to the accessible functions we have designed.

The app will ask its users to use alternate methods of contact, and will make text based contact with users for him.

The app also includes sign language processing technology.

Assisted by these features, Bin averages over 40 orders per day.

Smart devices are crucial to running factories in ways that are better for the environment and for responsibly, such as through helping them to reduce their energy consumption or to adopt green workers.

Our industrial internet platform currently connects to over 1.6 million industrial devices from manufacturing and agricultural practices.

Alibaba Cloud launched our energy efficiency platform, Energy Expert, to help our customers reduce their energy use and aid their low carbon transitions.

The application allows them to see their power use and carbon emissions in real time.

By the end of March 2022, nearly 1,700 companies had started to use Energy Expert.

Huazheng New Materials is a new and specialized maker of composite honeycomb panels sold to 20 countries and regions globally.

With Alibaba Cloud's Energy Expert, the firm can compare and analyze energy consumption, identify abnormal use, recommend energy saving measures, and identify problems such as minimizing peak power consumption.

These systems help customers in 10 industries make better informed and more intelligent decision making in production to maximize efficiency and minimize resource use and waste.

Internet of Things (IoT) platform, which connects all the 284 automated machines and processes tens of thousands of data points in real time.

The smart factory, jointly built by Robam Electric and Alibaba Cloud, has improved overall production efficiency by 45% and reduced production costs by 21%.

In 2019, Grandblue Environment installed Alibaba Cloud Industrial Solutions (AICS) into incinerators to achieve efficiency in operation.

With this technology, their Nanhai plant saw steam flow stability increase by 23%, while manual workload was reduced by 87%.

In November 2021, Grandblue installed AICS in their incinerators in Fujian, achieving a 13% increase in steam flow stability.

So far, AICS has been installed in 100 incinerators across nearly 30 cities in China.

AICS combines big data, AI, and automatic control technologies to enable waste incinerators to operate autonomously, generating an additional 360 million kWh of clean electricity annually, equivalent to the capacity of a medium sized hydroelectric plant.

We are leveraging our platforms to reduce plastics pollution, and we have been tightening bans on harmful and sell in a global market.

Renewable Energy Online Trade Show, the first of its kind in China.

Nearly 500 virtual booths representing over 100,000 alternatives.

In the past three years, the cumulative growth rate of the new energy industry on Alibaba.com has leaped ten fold.

Since 2021, Taobao has twice expanded the list of plastic products prohibited on the platform, including styrofoam tableware, plastic cotton swabs, and plastic mulch.

China to implement the latest policy, and hold merchants accountable with clear enforcement provisions.

Through our Green Packaging Merchant Support Program, we provide players in this industry segment with systematic support such as start up guidance, operation support, traffic, and brand exposure to ensure the growth of biodegradable products on the platform.

Over the same period, sales increased by 745% for biodegradable plastic bags and increased by 58.6% for biodegradable express packages.

Freshippo helps growers reduce costs and increase efficiency in the Internet Agriculture model by connecting stable consumer demand with guaranteed sales for growers.

Organic Fresh has expanded its number of jointly built growing areas from an initial 4 to more than 100, covering more than 20 provinces and cities across the country.

The urban rural socioeconomic divide remains the largest developmental challenge in China, a situation paralleled across the world.

At the same time, development will not be sustainable if many people across society, especially people in disadvantaged groups, see years of hard won gains wiped away by natural disasters and other crises.

Accordingly, we commit to fostering rural development and bolstering community resilience as directions to pursue, and will continuously deploy resources and develop new technologies to support progress in these two intertwined challenges.

One of the most pressing challenges to inclusive economic development is the rural urban divide.

Third, by investing in education, job creation, and training that are essential to leveling up the local per capita disposable income of Chinese urban households was 2.5 times that of rural households.

Compared talent pool in rural communities as drivers of rural revitalization.

This is the largest economic inequality challenge in China and experienced with modern commerce, and empower them with Alibaba's resources to design in many parts of the world.

First, by continuing to spur economic development by building China's largest e commerce market into rural areas to better connect rural and urban economies and markets.

Second, by doing our part to help upgrade rural value chains, and bring much needed logistics facilities, production technologies, as well as marketing and branding capabilities.

By sharing our digital platform and branding programs, we are helping rural communities and their entrepreneurs to meet the growing demand for green and organic products, ecotourism, and authentic cultural goods and services.

According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in 2021, the annual per capita disposable income of urban households in China was RMB47,412.

Through our e commerce platforms, many in rural areas have become active participants in the digital marketplace and in doing so helped to promote development.

Taobao Villages continue to show the potential value realized when digital technology helps to lower geographic barriers.

The number of Taobao Villages grew from 3 in 2009 to 7,023 in 2021, across 28 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities.

Villages, together with 2,171 Taobao Towns, exceeded RMB1.3 trillion on our platform.

In the same year, we helped local residents sell RMB128.1 billion worth of products from 832 counties previously categorized as impoverished under China's national standards.

RMB1,300 billion in sales in 2021 by 7,023 Taobao Villages and 2,171 Taobao Towns on our platforms.

RMB128.1 billion in sales in 2021 by 832 counties previously categorized as impoverished on our platforms.

In 2014 we launched our Rural Taobao strategy as Alibaba's first comprehensive program to bring digital connections and e commerce to rural towns and villages.

In 2017, we launched the Alibaba Poverty Alleviation Fund, with a focus on five major issues: education, healthcare, women, the environment, and e commerce solutions.

Since 2019, we have run our unique rural commissioners program, where senior Alibaba managers are sent to live in rural regions to assess local needs and then develop tailor made digital solutions for sustainable socioeconomic development.

In 2021, we upgraded our rural initiatives with the Alibaba Rural Revitalization Fund and also announced our Hometown Initiative.

Alibaba has never thought of its business as planting a seed that will instantly blossom with flowers.

For many endeavors, you have to persist for 8 10 years until roots are firmly planted and flowers can bloom.

A village can qualify as a Taobao Village if it achieves annual sales of RMB10 million, and either has more than 100 active e commerce stores or where at least 10% of local households operate e commerce stores.

A town can qualify as a Taobao Town if it has at least three Taobao Villages, and either total sales from the town exceeds RMB30 million or the number of active e commerce stores exceeds 300.

Yunxi county in the Qinba Mountains used to be one of Hubei province's nine counties in extreme poverty, with a poverty rate that registered at 32.7%.4 In the village of Xiaying, local official Tingzhou Liu found a path out through e commerce, promoting the sale of unique local turquoise stones.

Tingzhou also supported local families in setting up stores.

Taobao Village, and by 2017 it became one of the first villages entirely lifted out of poverty in Hubei.

E commerce's biggest impact was introducing to us a new idea.

The so called new economy is actually an Internet powered digital economy.

A vibrant and sustainable local economy is the key to rural revitalization.

We help to develop the value chains necessary to empower rural industries.

Our areas of focus include building capabilities for rural e commerce, developing rural brands, promoting smart agriculture, and boosting rural tourism.

We build direct procurement rural bases in many areas, in which we apply digitalization to improve research and development, boost production efficiency, and increase product standardization, helping create value across the entire agricultural value chain.

Currently, Freshippo has more than 550 agricultural direct procurement centers in China.

We apply our digital technology and market capabilities to promote order driven production and introduce better standardization and quality control.

Since 2019, we have run our Freshippo Village model, in which we work with villages using our steady orders to build a stable producer relationship, which helps to promote the standardization, specialization, and digital transformation of production.

Freshippo shares its analytics and market insights with producers, helping them to adjust their production efficiently.

As of October 2021, there were 136 Freshippo villages nationwide, spread across 19 provinces and regions.

In December 2020, Daizhuang Village became the first Freshippo Village in Jiangsu Province.

Freshippo meticulously established standards for each type of agricultural product from the village, earning Daizhuang a reputation as a high quality brand among consumers.

What began with rice has now steadily expanded to 40 other products, including vegetables and persimmons.

Previously, our high quality agricultural products couldn't be sold at a great price.

Now working with Freshippo, this bottleneck has been addressed.

Solving this 'last mile' sales problem has been a major achievement for Daizhuang's modernization of our agricultural business.

Cainiao continues to invest to ensure a widely available village service network with local partners.

Approximately 50,000 Cainiao rural village stations are helping to improve capacity in more villages to deliver rural products efficiently across China.

More than 1,000 Cainiao county level logistics warehouses have also been built.

This includes more than 400 counties formerly on China's national poverty list.

In some locations, we have been deploying technology to enable higher value added processing, for example, in automating functions such as sorting, storage, delivery, and quality control.

Over 1,000 Cainiao county level smart logistics centers have been built across the country, covering more than 400 counties previously on the national poverty list.

Majia pomelos are a specialty variety of citrus from Shangrao City in Jiangxi Province and a major local product.

The pomelo industry has historically relied on manual labor for sorting, storage, and transportation, resulting in low efficiency and lackluster competitiveness.

In 2021, Shangrao partnered with Cainiao to upgrade the production process and logistics of their Majia pomelo.

A Cainiao smart logistics center was set up, using an intelligent sorting system to automate quality control and determine fruit pricing.

With increased productivity and product consistency, Shangrao's Majia farmers saw revenues increase by 20%.

We deploy our platform resources to provide digitally powered and integrated management of rural value chains.

We try to find areas where we can support local businesses in operations or in market access.

This trend can benefit substantially from improved branding and market access, in sourcing, production, logistics, sales, and other links along the value chain.

It also boosts sales and pricing for suppliers, raising rural incomes and boosting rural development.

Alibaba is trying to help enable and accelerate this growth.

In 2021, we launched the Seeking Beauty in Rural Areas initiative, which gathered over 1,000 professional designers and design profession students across the country to become design officers for social impact.

Together they crafted branding for underdeveloped counties to accentuate their cultural heritage and appeal, and help boost market recognition for their local products.

To date, the initiative has helped 10 underdeveloped counties create professionally tailored sets of brand designs.

Longquan Municipality in Zhejiang collaborated with Alibaba to create sets of digital value chains to support four principal local agricultural industries: bamboo, tea, mushrooms, and vegetables.

The digital platforms provide local farmers and small businesses with intelligent production advisory, industry and market analysis, marketing and sales functions.

This all in one digital support has helped local businesses increase their online sales by RMB30 million, benefiting 200 farming families.

In recognition of the innovative use of technology in rural development, Longquan Municipality was chosen as a trial scheme within the common prosperity policy Initiative by the Bureau of Commerce of Zhejiang Province.

Lingshan county in Guangxi is famed for its lychees.

To elevate their industry to the next level of success, the county partnered with Alibaba to upgrade their entire lychee value chain.

Cainiao established a public use smart warehouse, providing farmers with services including smart sorting, grading, processing, refrigeration, and distribution.

Since 2021, this smart warehouse and other improvements have helped the average annual income of over 2,100 local farmers grow to RMB50,000.

After completing upgrades to processing facilities, Longquan and Alibaba are now exploring the planting process.

Alibaba dispatched Yahui Liu for a two year posting as a rural commissioner in Yijun county in Shanxi Province.

During his stay, Yahui discovered that Yijun apples and other local products were of exceptional quality, but lacked digitally supported intelligent breeding.

Sustainable agriculture begins with high quality seeds.

Yahui brought in Alibaba's Seeking Beauty in Rural Areas program.

Professional designers created packaging for Yijun using distinctive artwork by local farmers and the region's unique natural scenery and history to make attractive branding designs for the region's apples, walnuts, and corn.

At the same time, we helped build a digital marketing campaign for Yijun products on the platform.

Through these efforts, the profit margins of Yijun's apples grew by 10% 20%.

In June 2021, the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences Institute of Crop Sciences (ICS) and Alibaba jointly launched the 3T Smart Breeding platform.

Foundation, the project integrates biotechnology, information technology, and AI for a more powerful seed development process.

In the past year, we completed version 1.0 of the platform, which digitized the entire process of plant breeding to allow field trial design, field data analysis integration, and phenotypic and genomic analysis to all be accessed in a single AI powered system.

We see enormous digitalization dividends for the future of farming and have been actively working to develop digital agriculture solutions.

This includes the implementation of Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) technology combined with data analysis.

We have designed and deployed digital technology that can help attain higher levels of standardization, productivity, and quality control, to improve their overall yields.

November 2021, we had launched digital farms in 12 provinces, autonomous regions, or municipalities.

One could say we didn't design Yijun, but rather found it.

So our work has a rustic and carefree feel, seemingly as if it hasn't been deliberately designed.

Alibaba Cloud and the Zhengzhou Fruit Research Institute (ZFRI) developed a digital planting model for a digitally powered farm growing Dangshan pears.

The farm is able to achieve more precise nutrition management to increase yields and resilience.

China's countryside is replete with attractive natural landscapes and cultural heritage.

One way Alibaba is positioned to support a successful rural economy is by helping to improve digital and offline businesses, there is much we can do to link agriculture, education, health and wellness, and leisure literacy, especially that of working age residents, to bolster their employment opportunities.

Alibaba is making talent development and capacity building the central focus of our strategy for rural linking them to urban demand.

In FY2023, we aim to help build up 10 model rural tourism counties, to help further development, which manifests itself in a number of programs: promote this development and to enable more people to enjoy what the countryside has to offer.

We station Alibaba employees in rural areas with schemes such as our rural commissioner and rural technology officers programs.

These are uniquely valuable programs, by bringing digitally savvy senior managers to places that have lacked such experience before.

We establish digital employment and training schemes to create opportunities, building up the local digital economy.

With Alibaba's help, Hengyi Village in Zhejiang Province has managed to ride the agritourism wave in recent years.

In order for tourists to experience authentic local eco agricultural development, Alibaba's Amap app prominently long lasting and sustainable development.

Since this feature went live on the Amap app in October 2020, over 450,000 tourists have visited Hengyi, stimulating the local restaurant and lodging industry, and encouraging people originally from Hengyi to return home and start businesses.

First we deliver the world's expertise to rural areas then we train talented young local people and find opportunities for them in the area and finally we help to educate the rest of the local population with skills to prosper in the digital era it's the basic framework of our thinking and the guide for our actions.

Bringing digital talents to rural areas We recognize there is no one size fits all approach for development.

Alibaba has collaborated with the rural Pinggu District since October 2021 to support their rural revitalization efforts.

Pinggu's peach blossoms across its vast expanse of peach trees are an amazing display every year.

The event attracted over 10 million viewers and 170 million reads.

The livestreaming also introduced folk customs and other specialties of Pinggu.

Tour and Pinggu's Must Travel List for those who were inspired to visit.

Since 2019, Alibaba has sent a total of 27 rural commissioners with long term postings to underdeveloped counties in China.

These commissioners live alongside the locals and get to know the area intimately, both its challenges and opportunities.

This allows them to design specialized development plans in line with local conditions and interests.

Leveraging resources across Alibaba, they can establish the concepts, tools, and capabilities to develop these communities.

In 2021, we also sent out rural technology officers in a similar vein to tackle opportunities in digitalization.

When he arrived in Xunwu, he brought his experience with digital technology and market knowledge.

Xinxian identified marketing as a bottleneck for locals in selling their goods, so one of his main projects was to establish a livestreaming academy, where popular Taobao livestreamers teach classes.

A livestream for the area's produce held by Xinxian and a popular livestreamer gathered over 1.6 million views, helping locals to sell almost five tons of passion fruit and cementing a brand recognition among consumers.

Shanxi, Sichuan, Hebei, Hunan, and Shaanxi to explore new methods for digitally enabled rural growth.

So far, they have engaged in digital projects related to tree planting, tracking agricultural produce, digital governance, and cultural tourism.

Alibaba software architect Kang Han grew up in the countryside and has always wanted to find ways to help promote rural China.

Kang volunteered for the rural technology officer program and was sent to Qingjian in Shanxi province.

After surveying the area, he realized that its native high grade, free range black pigs had untapped market potential.

Kang created a five million steps branding concept that used a digital sensor system to record each pig's lifetime steps.

When the pork reaches Freshippo's store shelves, consumers can scan a unique code to access a host of information.

This gave them confidence in the conditions the animals were raised in and created a connection with the farmers of Qingjian.

For rural regions to prosper in the long term, they need healthy and self sustaining economies.

That means giving employment and training opportunities to young people to help them move up the economic ladder.

Success gives them a real choice to remain in their rural hometowns while enjoying a good job and a better life.

Interactive livestreaming on Taobao has become an increasingly important sales channel for e commerce.

It also provides a platform for rural entrepreneurs to develop into online influencers, who can not only help themselves but often introduce their hometowns to the broader world in the process.

Hometown Initiative and our Rural Livestreaming Program, we have so far trained 110,000 people in rural areas to be livestreamers, and conducted 2.3 million livestreaming sessions.

Chestnuts are a popular local product in the vast growing area of Qinglong, Hebei.

However, local farmers had long been reliant on re sellers for market access.

With training from the Alibaba Foundation, the village has become a success story not just for e commerce, but also for women's empowerment.

Due to traditional gender attitudes in Qinglong, most women stay at home.

The first move of our rural commissioner Lin Liu was to create a business plan for using e commerce to sell the local chestnuts.

Through her efforts, the popularity of these chestnuts created a sensation throughout the province.

She welcomed local women into a new livestreaming office, empowering many of them to introduce themselves to the world, building their own brands in the process.

Digitalization is not a vast gulf to be crossed, but it is instead the key to women for being more independent, confident, and self reliant.

Plan, which helps rural talent find job opportunities at home.

As of March 31, 2022, it has covered 45 counties in 15 provinces, helping 9,414 people, over half with post secondary degrees, to gain employment in their local areas by FY2022.

Under this initiative, more young people have been able to realize their desire to find stable jobs without leaving their families.

By March 31, 2022, Star Plan sites have been set up in 45 counties across 15 provinces.

By March 31, 2021, the Star Plan provided 9,414 direct jobs.

Investment in local education resources is a cornerstone of Alibaba's efforts.

Over the past few years, we have initiated a series of projects including our Rural Education Plan and Vocational Training Plan, which have given 610,000 rural teachers and students additional training.

In 2020, we pioneered the Customer Service County model in Xunwu, Jiangxi Province.

This initiative aims to promote digital employment opportunities for young people in rural areas through training and job creation in the digital service industry.

As a result of this initiative, Xunwu has gained 200 direct jobs, with indirect benefits to the entire area.

These are jobs that offer higher pay, secure benefits, and a professional life previously unavailable to the county.

We have rolled out this program in over 45 counties.

When I first joined the project, my idea was simply to get a job.

Then I realized that the longer I stayed here, the more I was able to achieve and grow at every step, starting from when I was on the front line.

After I began managing the team, I was surprised by my own growth.

In 2021, we announced the launch of the Student Cloud Assistance program, which seeks to stimulate children's creativity and skills at an early age, and importantly, to improve their digital literacy.

The program builds a number of cloud based computer rooms in rural schools to provide teaching support and foster a culture of digital knowledge and learning.

Vocational education is an important path to bridging the necessary skills to promote employment and entrepreneurship.

When well targeted, it can be of great help in narrowing gaps in opportunities and incomes for regions and for individual beneficiaries.

Since 2014, Alibaba has drawn on our strengths to actively invest in fostering local e commerce talents and regional e commerce businesses.

By April 2022, we had worked alongside regional governments, enterprises, and local industrial parks to jointly build 71 regional digital talent training centers, with more than 800 online and offline sessions.

In 2021, Alibaba launched a vocational skills education platform known as Orange Dot Students, aiming to help local talent develop new vocational skills.

The platform offers teacher training, student practical training, skills certification, job recommendation, cooperative schooling, and provides high quality employment opportunities.

Zhejiang and other less developed regions in China.

This digital medical platform is based around the county's main Tiantai County People's Hospital and connects it with over 100 other medical establishments including township health centers and village clinics.

The system provides more professional and effective management of the health records of local residents, improving their experience.

It also improves the governance and operations of Tiantai's healthcare system.

Rural areas must also close the gap in healthcare services.

To address this, we are investing in rural medical capabilities and also supporting the training of rural doctors and other medical professionals.

China Red Cross Foundation to launch a physician training platform.

The project provides doctors in relatively under developed areas with skills training and information resources, aiming to improve the capabilities of local doctors in the diagnosis and treatment of common diseases, early screening for severe diseases, and improved standards of care for acute and severe conditions.

By March 2022, the project had reached 421 county level hospitals and conducted trainings for county level hospital doctors that have registered more than 70,000 total attendances through interactive online exchanges and teaching programs covering a wide range of specialized topics.

Strengthening social resilience is now key to sustainable development.

Building resilience into cloud services in three important ways.

First, we ensure the resilience of our core systems in times of crisis, so that we can support the normal operation of the digital business ecosystem, which relies on our services, and to better support society after shocks.

We take potential natural disaster risks into careful consideration when designing and constructing our data centers.

We are actively innovating to increase the disaster tolerance and fault tolerance capabilities of infrastructure through the design of hardware facilities and the improvement of our overall planning.

Second, we actively coordinate our platform ecosystem and resources to aid in disasters.

Third, we work with stakeholders to develop joint solutions and enhance broader, durable societal resilience, developing a host of relevant technologies and sharing them widely.

We make sure that our project sites are located outages.

To withstand extreme weather conditions that may arise such as heavy rain, the rainwater in the site can be drained quickly through multiple channels such as drainage ditches, roads, and rainwater pipes.

We adopt the key fortification category (Class B) in data center design, and raised the structural seismic level to the first class seismic standard.

Both natural disasters and global health crises can threaten the integrity of logistics operations, causing supply chain issues that threaten economic production and people's lives.

To protect the functioning of our logistics services during natural disasters, Cainiao has made extensive preparations, from the design of our emergency response mechanisms and resource allocation plans, to thorough employee training.

In line with national policies, we develop emergency response mechanisms for various intensities and types of disasters, including earthquakes, typhoons, and heavy rains.

Through rigorous training of our employees, we ensure that in the event of a natural disaster, our team is able to rapidly respond to emergency situations.

Cainiao has successfully built an extensive global logistics network with our international partners that connects hubs around the world through our smart digital technology.

This network not only enhances our resilience as a company, but also enhances community resilience in response to disasters.

Cloud services and supply chain logistics are essential foundations of the digital business ecosystem.

We are actively carrying out comprehensive assessments of natural and technical risks, taking seriously our responsibility to ensure stability and continuity in the core functioning of these facilities.

Since the onset of the COVID 19 pandemic in 2020, supply chains have faced numerous challenges.

Our first task has been to protect our employees and their families, and then work to help the global community mitigate the impact of the public health crisis on livelihoods and the economy.

The continuity of logistics services has been of utmost importance to Alibaba since the outbreak of the pandemic in 2020.

In cooperation with public agencies, we have strived to ensure that consumers are able to obtain daily necessities.

During the pandemic, we set up a special fund to supply medical supplies.

Alibaba Foundation and Cainiao jointly established an information and logistics operation platform for medical supply procurement and donations, both in China and abroad.

Through this initiative, we were able to successfully deliver batches of ventilators and PPE to people in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere.

Foundation also donated HK 10 million to Hong Kong to support the pandemic prevention efforts of medical staff and provide them urgently needed PPE and other critical necessities.

To support COVID 19 research, Alibaba Cloud made its computing power available for free to public prioritized the distribution of medical supplies and related resources.

Aiding small businesses during the pandemic research institutions to accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.

We also offered cloud based AI technology applications developed by our research institute, DAMO Academy.

This included our CT image analytics solution to improve COVID 19 testing accuracy and detection efficiency, our pandemic prediction solution model that helps predict the size, peak time, and duration of the pandemic in particular regions, and our genome sequencing solution to accelerate COVID 19 diagnosis.

Alibaba also recognized that MSMEs often face greater risks from supply chain disruptions caused by the pandemic.

Science and Technology award from the Ministry of Science and Technology.

These include helping them deal with fluctuating demand and blockages in financing and logistics.

We rapidly and proactively developed a great number of solutions to meet the needs of our MSME partners during these difficult times.

During the pandemic, Alibaba gave enterprises tools to continue operating, from research institutions, schools, and medical institutions worldwide for virus analysis and vaccine research our office collaboration suite DingTalk, to our online marketing and customer and development, to help accelerate the research and development process of COVID 19 vaccines.

Financial support approximately RMB130 billion in liquidity support to our merchants and to facilitate over RMB12 billion in loans at preferential interest rates to MSMEs.

We worked hard to provide smooth logistics for merchants and other partners.

We developed AI based technology to accurately detect virus mutations, substantially shortening the duration of genomic analysis of suspected cases from hours to just 30 minutes.

We provide free computational and AI platforms to research, analyze, and combat COVID 19 to support public disease control centers and research institutions worldwide.

Cainiao Network launched its US 5, 10 day delivery shipping service that with 96% accuracy.

We made this service freely available to many hospitals and other medical institutions reduced the delivery time of international parcels to under two weeks.

Cainiao's international logistic network continues to play an important role in maintaining the flow of essential medical supplies around the world.

Cainiao opened an emergency channel for medical supply requests and donations quickly after the COVID 19 outbreak.

With pharmaceutical cold chain and temperature control technology, Cainiao took on the task of shipping vaccines.

Salvador, Trinidad and Tobago, Kuwait, Suriname, and other countries in Asia, Africa, and Latin America.

Alibaba's DAMO Academy developed an AI enabled system that could diagnose COVID 19 in 20 seconds with 96% accuracy.

We made its service freely available to many hospitals and other medical institutions across the world.

Valuable Enterprise Response for its outstanding global pandemic prevention efforts.

I want to thank Cainiao for its efforts to transport and deliver pandemic prevention materials globally when the pandemic triggered trade disruptions of international routes.

We continue to deploy our digital technologies to help societies build resilience through improvements in disaster response, recovery, as well as preparation at various levels.

We actively apply our digital capabilities to address flood risk management.

We initially adapted existing tools in flexible plug and play ways to help flood prevention and disaster relief.

We have now established strategic cooperation with several provinces to explore and jointly develop more robust digital solutions for flood risk control.

Haifeng Zhan, from Taiyang town in Hangzhou, shows her digital safety code.

DingTalk Flood Control, which management platform.

Alibaba's DAMO Academy applied advanced AI technology in radar image analysis and developed an online tool to support the flood level monitoring work of the Ministry of Water Resources.

Figure: Poyang lake flood imaging and analysis, with the red areas signaling rises in the water level.

Beyond research and development in disaster response tools, we have made use of our diverse ecosystem of products and services to ensure the rapid sharing of disaster relief information and the supply of relief materials in a number of disaster scenarios.

We also apply our digital technology to help the public sector better manage disaster risks.

Based on Alibaba departmental coordination in with disaster mapping, monitoring, command and control, and personalized code.

Cloud's automated outbound flood control and flood relief work.

Residents can also use the code for evacuation, and assist in to enter disaster shelters and directing nearby rescue workers apply for relief assistance.

This platform has helped the Ministry to address emergencies ranging from floods and earthquakes to gas explosion accidents in a number of provinces.

As a builder of sustainable community, we strive to unleash the power of technology to bring people together to tackle our common challenges.

We seek to foster a participatory philanthropy that starts with our own employees and expands outward to involve those across our entire ecosystem to make it easy to do good anywhere within and beyond the confines of our business.

We want all Aliren, guided by their empathy and social responsibility, to channel their talents and creative thinking to tackle societal problems.

As such, we have devoted significant efforts to build a system that inspires them to become involved and allows them to participate in many ways in social causes beyond the business.

At Alibaba, we try to build a culture where everyone regularly participates in philanthropic activities.

FY2022, we donated RMB550 million to the Alibaba Foundation for charitable causes.

Back in 2015, we launched our Three Hours for a Better World initiative to ask all Aliren to dedicate at least three hours per year to social causes outside work.

Aliren also band together in groups to work on a cause under the Hugs and Help umbrella.

Founded in 2010, Hugs and Help groups now cover a number of fields including environmental protection, animal protection, support for senior citizens and vulnerable groups, and children's education, among others.

Many children in the remote Daliang Mountains of Sichuan are so called left behind children, whose parents migrated to cities for economic reasons.

The kids often face economic hardships and lack enough adult role models.

Chunying Liu, a tech professional at Alibaba who was touched by their needs, started the Letter to Kids in Daliang Mountain project two years ago.

Chunying's initiative has encouraged over 400 Alibaba employees to join and collectively give loving support to some 260 children.

These volunteers help arrange regular deliveries of daily necessities, provide tuition assistance, and keep in touch with the children through a personal penpal system.

The winter here is freezing, but I feel warm reading your letter.

I hope that when I grow up I can be like you and also help others.

Alibaba established a unique system through which every three years our employees elect a philanthropy committee of ten people from their own ranks.

People with hearing impairments encounter daily communication challenges.

A team at DAMO Academy worked together to create the Digital Sign Language Interpreter.

DAMO used 3D technology to create a virtual sign language interpreter, Xiao Mo, who translates spoken sentences into sign language on screen.

Because sign language is comprised of subtle gestures and regional differences, it remains a technical challenge that requires continuous effort to develop and improve.

The Alibaba Charity List was set up to recognize and reward outstanding internal teams, individuals, and projects that have made significant contributions to the public good.

More than 300 internal and external judges selected 10 of the most touching and valuable public service projects and recognized 14 individuals.

Alibaba helps incubate some of the best projects by setting up a RMB100 million fund.

Through these mutually supporting programs within Alibaba, we are dedicated to ensuring our charity programs can grow and help these projects attract internal attention so that like minded people can join and be inspired.

Technology philanthropy has become an important part of Alibaba's ESG strategy and is one of the main means for us to devote ourselves to public well being.

We are promoting technologies that benefit everyone, are responsible, and are open and shared.

We believe there is a lot of potential for technology firms to fulfill their social responsibilities.

Many of the world's problems remain unaddressed not only because of a lack of resources, but because of a lack of information flow, coordination, and public awareness.

We are well positioned to help various public service groups to address these issues to maximize their effectiveness.

In October 2017, Alibaba devoted funding, staff, and technological resources to developing a platform for online drug use prevention education to reach students in schools.

Bridge Second Classroom went online in June 2018, and by June 2022 it covered 31 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous areas, reaching 230,000 elementary and middle schools.

About 106 million students have participated in over 900 million hours of online classes learning about the dangers of drug use.

Green Bridge Second Classroom was awarded as a National Exemplary Organization in Anti Drug Efforts.

For certain social issues, spreading information quickly is crucial.

This is exemplified by the distressing cases of missing children.

To address this problem, Alibaba helped build the Reunion System.

When a new case of a missing child is reported by authorities, the Reunion System broadcasts the child's information across 25 popular apps to users who are near the child's last known whereabouts, with the alert radius expanding 100km with each passing hour.

As of May 15, 2022, the Reunion System had sent out alerts for 5,038 missing children's cases and assisted in the recovery of 4,960 of them.

In the last program year alone, we assisted in the recovery of 253 missing children.1 Nearly 200 Aliren from across 16 business units voluntarily devoted their skills and time to developing and maintaining the system.

We also run a parallel effort for children who have been missing for longer periods.

We launched the Amap Family Search function that displays the 5,005 free blood collection points across the country that help to perform genetic matches.

Family Search has helped in the recovery of more than ten thousand missing children.

The time period of the latest program year was from May 16, 2021 to May 15, 2022.

About 106 million students have participated in over 900 million hours of online classes.

Alibaba recognizes the critical role of non profits and social entrepreneurs in driving wider and positive societal change.

Therefore, we are committed to augmenting their capabilities by sharing free, accessible, and affordable technological solutions and services.

In 2017, Alibaba Cloud engineers created a technical volunteer service platform, Green Code, to help non profits with technical needs connect with skilled tech volunteers.

As of the release date of this report, more than 330 non profit organizations and more than 6,000 volunteer programmers have registered.

Over 300 tech volunteers used simplified and easy to manage software code to develop management applications for over 20 charity projects, supporting the digital transformation of these organizations.

However, it was still relying on traditional time consuming office processes such as manually filled Excel spreadsheets.

Digitization enabled by our Green Code platform streamlined their processes, increasing operational efficiency, and freeing up time for their most important work.

We are helping non profit organizations improve transparency in their operations so as to build public trust and boost fundraising.

To do so, we shared our blockchain technology to establish a public service standard for tracking donations.

As of March 2021, every public charitable donation via Alibaba platforms had been registered on the system.

This facilitates trust building by ensuring the transparency of each donation allocation.

Since March 2021, our XIN 100 program has sought to provide all around support to nurture and assist philanthropic projects whose work aligns with Alibaba's ESG and philanthropic priorities.

At this stage, we have set five major areas for XIN 100 to target: rural revitalization, care for seniors and people with disabilities, helping children, environmental protection, and safety and emergency response.

XIN 100 aims to identify at least 100 major projects every year and bring together a wide range of resources to facilitate their implementation.

In FY2022, the XIN 100 project supported a total of 85 projects from 49 charitable organizations.

Alibaba's spirit of philanthropy reflects the saying many hands make light work.

As a platform operator, we have the unique ability to develop this type of philanthropy by leveraging our platforms to build volunteering and funding channels that rally everyone together and embed social consciousness in everyday life.

The 'Goods for Good' Program offers merchants like us a great opportunity to go from being just a donor to building up our own philanthropic creed by connecting with charitable causes that share common inspiration with us.

By integrating commerce, technology, and philanthropy, the program is convenient for donors and makes it easier for participating charities to not only raise new funds but to familiarize new donors with their organizations and projects.

In FY2022 alone, the program saw more than 500 million consumers and 2.2 million merchants participating.

The Companion Mother project was started by the China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation in order to provide more adult influences for left behind children whose parents migrated to cities for jobs.

The project operates on the principle of one mother one family one bond, whereby professional full time mothers in each village coordinate the creation of a supportive family unit using funds from the project and other sources.

For every item purchased through the channel that is marked with a Companion Mother label, a small portion of the proceeds goes towards the Companion Mother project.

Over RMB10 million was raised for the project in two years, supporting the creation of sponsor families in over 200 villages, and improving the lives of nearly 170,000 children.

Fundraising is a perennial challenge for many charities, while the public often perceives a lack of convenient and credible channels to make donations.

Alibaba's Goods for Good is one program that targets both problems by giving merchants the ability to designate and label selected products where a portion of proceeds goes to a verified charitable cause.

In line with our participatory approach, this check out donation program aims to integrate social consciousness into regular shopping and touch a wide swath of people in a transparent way.

Inspired by the Companion Mother project, Alibaba and other merchants on our platform began to focus on how to help left behind rural mothers and children more generally.

Chunhui Children's Foundation, and other organizations to gain supports for pregnant mothers and children under fourteen in underprivileged areas.

The Three Hours for A Better World public service platform opens up a variety of ways to engage citizens in social causes, such as volunteering, livestreaming for fundraising, blood donations, and charitable purchases or direct giving.

The platform has specific programs to tackle pressing issues such as poverty alleviation, environmental protection, and pandemic relief.

For example, our initiative Purchase to Help promotes sale of rural products from poorer regions.

Through these programs and more, we have made it easier for individuals to do daily acts of good, already with more than a billion instances of participation.

Alibaba wants to make it easy not only to give opportunities for public service but also give recognition for such service.

We worked with Zhejiang province to launch a charity account for the province.

Users can upload, track, and verify their public service across different projects and charities, with the potential to obtain rewards and incentives for their service.

Donating Footsteps on our Taobao app is all it takes to help nurture a potential Olympic athlete.

Poverty Alleviation Foundation announced the Saving Every Loving Step 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics philanthropy project.

Volunteers who tracked their daily step count were able to accumulate funds to build running tracks at rural schools.

By March 2022, over 150 million people had taken part.

Pack Project to send care packages with useful school or household items to children in less developed countries.

As of this year, the project has already received over 2.6 billion individual donations.

Namibia, Uganda, Mongolia, the Philippines, and Zimbabwe, benefiting over 1 million children.

Project is one of the largest international charitable initiatives organized by the non government sector in China.

To encourage wider public participation in philanthropy, especially beyond just donating money, we have further leveraged our platform to offer the public rich and diverse opportunities to participate in philanthropy.

Following the success of our internal Three Hours for A Better World for Aliren, we expanded the program to the general public on China Charity Day in 2017.

Four years later, the program saw more than 150 million registered participants.

Through this program, different charity organizations and public service programs are now getting connected directly with people who want to help.

Being a company that earns the long term trust of corporate partners and society is an essential prerequisite for us to fulfill our social responsibilities.

To build corporate trust, we observe ethical business practices and comply with all applicable regulations, overseen by an effective, transparent, and diverse corporate governance structure.

To build social trust, we advocate ethical technology, and in particular we are dedicated to advancing privacy protection and data security capabilities.

To achieve our mission, building a first class corporate governance system is just as important as building first class products and services.

A proper governance system leads to decisions that are compliant, professional, efficient, and can most effectively safeguard the long term interests of all stakeholders.

Alibaba Group's board of directors Alibaba Group's board of directors currently comprises 12 members, including 7 independent directors and 3 female directors.

The board is diverse in terms of gender, culture, professional expertise, and other dimensions, in concert with the ongoing diversification of our business.

Our board members possess rich professional backgrounds and industry experience in fields such as retail, computer science, electrical engineering, economics, legal, and business, among others.

Alibaba Group's board oversight structure With respect to our board of directors, our overriding goal is to maintain effectiveness, independent representation, diversity, and professionalism.

Responsible for managing and overseeing auditing processes and financial reporting by both internal and external teams, as well as approving related party transactions, handling compliance related internal reports, and supervising Alibaba Group's risk management.

Responsible for evaluating compensation policies, reviewing the performance of directors and executives, approving executive compensation, and administering our equity incentive plan.

Responsible for nominating directors other than those nominated by the Alibaba Partnership, and reviewing the composition of the board of directors.

The committee is also responsible for corporate governance and compliance matters.

Responsible for overseeing Alibaba Group's ESG work, which includes identifying and assessing ESG opportunities and risks, ensuring robust formation and implementation of ESG strategic goals, and reviewing ESG related disclosures.

After years of exploration, we formally established a partnership system for Alibaba in 2010.

The purpose of the partnership is to ensure the continuation of Alibaba's mission, vision, and values.

Pursuant to Alibaba Group's Articles of Association, the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors, which has not been exercised to date.

Currently, among our 12 board members, seven are independent directors, four are nominated by the Alibaba Partnership, and the remaining director is nominated by our major shareholder.

We have set up a three layer sustainability governance structure.

Our board of directors has established a sustainability committee, chaired by Jerry Yang.

The sustainability committee supervises and leads ESG efforts across Alibaba Group.

ESG opportunities and risks, ensuring robust formation and implementation of ESG strategic goals, and reviewing ESG related disclosures.

Under the supervision of the sustainability committee, we have established a sustainability steering committee (SSC) that is tasked with planning and implementing Alibaba's ESG strategic goals.

The ESG working group is composed of representatives of various business units, and a designated ESG strategy and operations department.

ESG working group is led by the SSC and coordinates with business units to ensure effective accomplishments of ESG strategic goals.

It builds and maintains an ESG monitoring system to measure progress.

Technology Ethics Governance Committee are also responsible for integrating ESG goals within their respective areas into Alibaba's core operations.

Details on the latter two committees are presented later in this chapter.

Alibaba Group Risk Management Committee, the professional functions middle office teams, and the business unit risk management teams.

Alibaba Group's CEO, and is the highest supervisory and decision making body of Alibaba's risk management system.

President of Integrity Compliance Department, President of Public Affairs, and President of Public Relations.

The main responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee are to, at the group level, build risk management mechanisms, improve risk management systems, formulate risk management strategy, and identify the major risks of Alibaba Group.

Furthermore, the committee develops corresponding risk management strategies, and supervises and evaluates the implementation of risk management measures.

Group Risk Management General Guidelines, which specifies our risk management principles, the rights and responsibilities of each risk management organization, and the risk management requirements for each unit.

The Alibaba Group Risk Management Committee holds a monthly decision making meeting for timely mechanism so that all employees of the group can contribute to risk prevention and management.

At discussions and decisions on group risk matter.

Special meetings are called to deal with urgent risk issues.

The the same time, all the professional functions of the Alibaba Group have set up internal risk feedback committee reports on Alibaba’s risk management work and progress to Alibaba's CEO.

Alibaba Group’s risk management system, major risk identification and governance, supervision and evaluation and other risk related work.

Each of our professional functions departments' middle office is tasked with risk management responsibilities, with the presidents of each department ultimately responsible for managing risks.

Each of our business units has their own risk management responsibilities, with the presidents of each business unit serving as the primary leader of risk management.

The business unit risk management teams work closely with the Risk Management Committee in performing evaluation and supervision of risk management activities, building the risk management systems for the business, and enforcing risk governance.

At the same time, this risk management system, together with our internal and third party audit mechanisms, forms a three lines of defense mechanism of risk management and control.

We have established Alibaba Group's digitized enterprise risk management system, which provides risk visualization and current status reporting of important risk governance and management assessment to help the Risk Management Committee make efficient decisions.

The first line of defense consists of the management teams at each business unit and is responsible for daily risk operations and management.

The second line of defense consists of Alibaba Group's functional teams, who design and implement risk management strategies and build the internal assessment and control systems.

The third line of defense consists of internal audit, as well as the Integrity Compliance Department to make independent evaluations of the effectiveness of risk management.

Our legal compliance team routinely conducts anti their work with compliance, integrity, and in good faith.

We are equally committed to ethical practices that corruption risk assessments according to relevant maintain fairness, trust, and openness on our platforms and beyond.

Alibaba Group Gifts Handling Guidelines, and the Alibaba Group Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Policy.

These codes and policies give guidance to employee behavioral norms and facilitate the company’s integrity culture.

These requirements are constantly updated and optimized in accordance with compliance requirements and business needs.

At the management level, we have set up an independent Integrity Compliance Department, which is responsible for corruption investigations, prevention, and educational training.

The Integrity Compliance Department reports directly to the Deputy Chief People Officer of Alibaba Group.

It also maintains functional independence from other risk control departments such as internal audit and internal control of Alibaba Group.

This setup forms a multiple lines of defense mechanism in which functional units can cooperate with each other.

We also incorporate the integrity of the team into the performance appraisal of each business manager.

Alibaba Group Code of Business Conduct and other internal policies, we require the accountability of managers if fraudulent accidents occur in their teams.

These efforts make corruption prevention and anti corruption results core performance indicators in the company's internal management.

Finally, we encourage all employees, business partners, and the public to report instances of corruption and fraud involving Alibaba personnel.

We have established many reporting channels, including the official website and dedicated e mail accounts, and hotlines, among others.

We also ensure the whistleblower's personal information and reported content remain confidential within the scope permitted by laws and regulations.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics training attendance reached 100% for all board of directors and employees.

Integrity training attendance reached 100% for all board of directors and employees.

The legal compliance team determines the level of anti corruption risk and formulates corresponding measures.

In addition, we believe that strengthening daily education and training is the best way to manage risk.

Alibaba employees to complete the certification exam for the Code of Business Conduct and attend integrity compliance training every year.

Fair competition We are committed to being a market enterprise compliant culture through continuous training and that respects, advocates for, and embraces fair education.

As a platform enterprise, in addition to our regulations related to the platform and social own management and operation, it is also our responsibilities are constantly in development.

We responsibility to guide the tens of millions of sincerely embrace these positive changes, and hope merchants on our platforms to operate in compliant to work with all sectors of society to jointly promote ways, compete fairly, and protect the welfare of the shared progress of the digital age.

Group Competition and Compliance Regulations multi dimensional compliance management.

In addition, the department reports to which aims to create the organizational structure the audit committee quarterly on fraud cases and its management of other major risks.

Based on the spirit of open cooperation, we hope carried out by the legal compliance team.

In the meantime, we conduct external audits according to relevant laws.

FY2022, we handled internal investigations of 82 corruption cases and 36 public lawsuits involving employees.

Our Integrity Compliance Department regularly assesses the risk level of different positions in business departments.

They strengthen anti fraud and anti corruption education for those in high risk positions in business units and promote for competition risks.

We maintain a competition regular job rotations and separation of powers and responsibilities to reduce the risk of fraud and corruption.

Technology needs to be ethical and responsible in order to earn the trust of the public.

The establishment of the committee elevates our technology and covering topics such as data security and privacy protection, consumer rights and fairness, deep synthesis science ethics and governance for the development and deployment of technology.

The committee's aim is to governance, and autonomous driving safety, among others.

For Alibaba, the fundamental prerequisite for earning the trust of our service providers, customers, and other stakeholders hinges on how we protect their privacy and secure their data.

This is why privacy protection and data security are a cornerstone of our ESG strategy.

Data of developers, companies, governments and other institutions being stored and processed on cloud computing platforms shall be owned by the customers.

The cloud computing platforms shall not use such data for other purposes.

Cloud computing platforms have the responsibility and obligation to help ensure data confidentiality, integrity, and availability for customers.

We store customer data in their selected data center, and protect their business information in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.

On Alibaba Cloud's computing platform, customers fully own their business data, as well as the ownership and rights of their user data.

Alibaba Cloud strictly executes customer instructions to process their business data, and will not make any unauthorized use or disclosure, except in accordance with customer agreement or for the need to implement legal and regulatory requirements.

Security technology and capacities Privacy protection and data security are not guaranteed by any single technology but should be considered as a sophisticated interconnected system that requires careful design.

PaaS (Platform as a Service) and SaaS (Software as a Service) layers to create a trustworthy and secure environment.

To provide an extra layer of security against backup and off site data backup.

We back up attackers and eavesdroppers, we encrypt the network data to local storage in real time, and data transmission process on the cloud.

For regularly back up important network data to off this data transmission encryption on the cloud, site storage.

We use auto recovery, encryption, and we protect not only the data warehouse but other procedures to ensure data writing stability, also the data logistics, meaning the content storage media management, and redundant data delivery network (CDN).

Alibaba Cloud has backup protection, and have established a complete more than 2,800 CDN nodes, covering 34 cloud data redundancy mechanism to ensure that provincial level regions in China and in six customers will not lose their data, ensuring resilience continents around the world, with industry in case of accidents or malicious attacks.

Creating a trusted computing environment from hardware to software is another security mechanism we implement to guarantee the inviolability of computing security for our clients.

Asia Pacific region to build trusted computing and confidential computing.

We provide customers with a full range of data protection through confidential computing capabilities across three layers: hardware, virtualization, and application.

We also deploy a variety of automated protection tools.

Our Olympic Broadcasting Cloud supported more than 6,000 hours of streamed and broadcast digital content, and maintained the digital infrastructure against security holes and malicious attacks.

Beyond our efforts in security technology, it is equally vital that we have principles and processes for data security management.

In hosting the data for millions of organizations, Alibaba Cloud strictly abides by the principle of least privilege and adopts consistent management and control standards to protect customer data from unauthorized access.

We implemented a mechanism for third party supervision and user experience feedback.

We established the Personal Information Protection Expert Committee, composed of professionals in law, technology, and other relevant fields.

Inviting users and customers to evaluate their experience of the privacy protection functions of Alibaba's products and services.

In the Data Protection Initiative, Alibaba Cloud has clearly stated the principle that customer business data hosted on the cloud platform is absolutely owned by the customer, and that it should never use such data.

Under our notification consent principle, we have established transparent internal operational O M logs.

Customers have access to all of their internal logs, giving them a full disclosure of data access and ensuring there is no black box concerning the use of their data.

In the 2021 Gartner Solution Scorecard for integrated IaaS and PaaS, Alibaba Cloud achieved the highest scores in the core security criteria assessment.

Alibaba Cloud's six security capabilities (DDoS protection, web application firewall, cloud security center, cloud firewall, business risk control, and confidential computing) have been recognized by authoritative institutions around the world.

We strive to comply with and enforce all international and domestic laws and regulations related to data security and privacy protection, and establish an internal data security control system.

Our protocols are widely recognized within the industry, especially in platform data control and customer data protection.

We possess the most authoritative and compliant set of qualifications in the Asia Pacific region.

Some of those qualifications are listed in the following tables.

The business unit PIPO is responsible for supervising the processing activities and protection measures taken by the personal information processor.

We apply the principle of operational control to define the boundaries of this GHG inventory.

Scopes 1, 2, and 3 that are both significant for Alibaba in the year ended March 31st 2022 (FY2022) and measurable.

The GHG categories covered in this inventory include carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6).

In the results of the inventory, five greenhouse gases, CO2, N2O, CH4, HFCs, and SF6, were found in this reporting period.

Please refer to Appendix 3 for detailed Scope 3 emission inventory categories.

Scope 2 emissions are mainly caused by electricity consumption in data centers, retail stores, and office areas.

Please refer to Appendix 3 for Scope 3 emission inventory categories.

In FY2022, due to additions of new businesses and other changes in business models, we have expanded the accounting boundary accordingly, including warehouse logistics emissions from Taocaicai, as well as emissions from self operated logistics of Alibaba.com.

The usage of diesel consumed by logistics vehicles are estimated values.

In the future, we will further improve the accounting and reporting of diesel usage by our own logistics vehicles.

PUE is a ratio of the total energy consumption of a data center to the energy consumption of IT equipment.

In this report, it is calculated for data centers within our operational control during FY2022.

The scope of the percentage of employees by gender, age, and region and the number of employees with physical disabilities includes formal employees of all the consolidated entities of Alibaba Group.

The scope of employee diversity includes the formal employees in the businesses directly managed by Alibaba Group.

The scope of employee health and safety includes the formal employees in the businesses directly managed by Alibaba Group.

The data come from work related injuries and deaths recorded by Alibaba's human resources team and are verified by local authorities.

China, work related injuries and fatalities are verified by the local human resources and social security bureau.

Management refers to employees who are responsible to manage and lead other formal employees.

The work related fatality rate (Number of work related fatalities Total number of employees) 100%.

Executive management comprises the ten highest leadership positions in the Group.

The percentage of female executive management (Number of female executives Total number of executives of the Alibaba Group) 100%.

The work related injury rate (Number of recorded work related injuries Total number of hours worked) 1,000,000.

The statistical scope of number of hours worked includes the formal employees in the businesses directly managed by the Company.

The suppliers here refer to those in the categories of media, events, service, engineering, office IT, and logistics who have completed registration in Alibaba’s procurement platform.

The regional information is related to the location of the company registration filled in the supplier database, rather than the location where the supplier does business with Alibaba.

This inventory covers Scopes 1, 2, and partial Scope 3 GHG emissions of Alibaba Group in FY2022 within the organizational and reporting boundaries.

Through the inventory, five types of GHG emissions including CO2, N2O, CH4, HFCs and SF6 are involved during the reporting period.

Alibaba’s GHG emissions and removals during the inventory period (FY2022).

GHG emission activity data strictly meet the quality requirements of relevant primary and secondary activity data.

Gas Inventories published in 2019, 2019 China Energy Statistical Yearbook and other authoritative references.

All processes follow CEC's internal GHG emission inventory quality control procedures, and strictly meet the requirements of the ISO14064 3 standard.

The inventory is based on ISO14064, IPCC guidelines and other applicable laws and regulations.

Packaging materials (plastic products), logistics services (warehouse, distribution), data center operations and maintenance services, data center cloud computing, receipt, poster, etc.

Alibaba actively communicates and works with our various stakeholders, responds to their expectations, and continuously strives to create sustainable value for all.

Online and offline surveys, questionnaires, and interviews and ESG agenda.

We fully consider the wide range of interrelationships and influence of our businesses and.

Media and social media communications platforms on stakeholders, including consumers, employees, shareholders and investors, and government regulators, as well as business partners, communities, the environment, and other stakeholders.

Online and offline surveys, questionnaires, and interviews improve our business and ESG strategies and actions.

We maintain open communication channels and healthy relationships with our stakeholders, who provide an invaluable reference for Alibaba to identify the most relevant and important sustainable development opportunities, strengthen our capacities and actions, and improve the quality of information disclosure.

Phone calls, face to face meetings, and company visits.

Corporate annual reports, quarterly reports, and announcements.

Daily reporting and communication on ESG related issues.

Supplier training, ESG capability assessment, and communications.

Industry specific forums and communication channels.

Our material issues encompass what matters most to our business, ESG goals, and stakeholders.

Maintaining awareness of these issues is critical for identifying and managing our risks and opportunities and effectively responding to stakeholder expectations.

In 2022, under the supervision of Alibaba Group's sustainability steering committee, we carried out a materiality assessment.

Through benchmarking analysis and stakeholders engagement, we selected 22 strategic issues conducive to creating sustainable shared values and constructed our materiality matrix.

We first generate a long list of potentially material topics, using the expertise of our external advisors, relevant sustainability frameworks (including GRI and SASB), requirements by stock exchanges (including the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, HKEx), recommendations from rating agencies, domestic and international policies (including the SDGs), and peers best practices, as well as Alibaba's business.

We carried out further analysis to refine the long list of issues and generate a short list of 22 issues.

Our analysis comprised consolidation among the long listed issues and further assessment on the topics’ direct relevance for our businesses, as well as the relevant trends and events related to specific issues.

To understand the views of key stakeholders in the short listed issues, we conducted a series of internal and external engagement and communications activities, including interviews and surveys.

We also use existing stakeholder communication channels to provide additional support information.

We analyze stakeholder feedback to understand the importance of each topic to them similarly, we also analyze the importance of each issue to Alibaba's business and sustainable development strategy.

We use the results of the importance assessment to generate a materiality matrix.

Based on the degree of importance of each issue to stakeholders and to ourselves, we classified the issues into four categories: prioritize continue internal efforts sustain and communicate monitor, comply, and manage.

The results of the materiality assessment reflect the most important ESG issues faced by our value chain and platform ecosystem stakeholders.

While placing issues in a matrix provides insight into our priorities, the relative importance of individual issues often varies by business unit, geographic region, and stakeholder group.

As one of the world's most influential corporate sustainability initiatives, the UN Global Compact requires companies to conduct themselves as corporate citizens, calling on them to comply with the ten fundamental principles related to human rights, labor, environment, and anti corruption, and to take action to advance the implementation of social and sustainable development goals.

More than 9,500 companies and 3,000 non business signatories from more than 160 countries have joined the UN Global Compact.

Alibaba became a party to the UN Global Compact in February 2021.

Principle 2: Make sure that they are not work environment to the UN's development goals, conducting business in a responsible manner, and becoming a strong, long complicit in human rights abuses.

Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.

Principle 5: The effective abolition of child labour.

Principle 6: Eliminate discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges.

Restoring our green planet greater environmental responsibility.

Principle 9: Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

Principle 10: Businesses should work against and bribery.

Section 21E of the U.S. Exchange Act, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties.

Alibaba’s annual reports and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and announcements on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statement.

The forward looking statements made in this report relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this report and are based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections.

Alibaba undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required under applicable law.

Information referenced in this report, including other Internet sites and third party reports and publications, is not incorporated into this report.

For the reader’s convenience only, this document may provide the addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, third party websites.

Alibaba has not reviewed such hyperlinks and takes no responsibility for the content therein.

The inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as a characterization regarding the materiality or financial impact (or potential impact) of that information.

For more comprehensive information about our results and operations, including risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, please refer to our annual reports and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and announcements on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.