All of the photographs featured throughout this report were taken by our associates, or feature Danaher associates in action.

We are proud to share these incredible images from around the world, demonstrating what sustainability means to our team, and we hope you enjoy them as much as we do.

At Danaher, we view sustainability as a fundamental responsibility and a strategic priority that touches every aspect of our business.

With this in mind, our sustainability strategy is to help of these three strategic pillars, and I’m pleased to share the generations of our stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential by details with you in our 2022 Sustainability Report.

System (DBS), we have made notable progress across each ambitious new greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets.

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet One of our Core Values, Innovation Defines Our Future, storage and transportation needs and ultimately their environmental footprint.

These are just a few examples that illustrate the world shaping impact of Danaher innovation we’re proud to share many more in the drives us to boldly pursue new technologies and solutions pages that follow.

Over the past year we recruited several globally recognized physician scientists to serve as chief science and or technology officers across Danaher.

This platform level network will leverage their deep customer, technical and market expertise to strategically guide R D programs, collaborations and proprietary opportunities in pursuit of transformative scientific advancements and breakthrough customer solutions.

Gene Therapy Consortium (BGTC) in May 2022 to help expedite the development of breakthrough gene therapies for rare disorders, and IDT’s award winning rhAmpSeq CRISPR Analysis System speeds up the lifesaving genome editing research that powers the future of medicine.

In Diagnostics, Leica Biosystems’ new BOND PRIME Advanced Staining platform facilitates a fully automated and adaptable pathology lab workflow that delivers clear stains for definitive cancer diagnoses faster than ever before.

We know that the best team is a diverse and engaged one, and we are deeply committed to continued progress on our D I journey.

Earlier this year, we adopted the Danaher DEI Policy which details our commitment to diversity and inclusion at all levels of the organization.

At Danaher we believe that what is measured is what moves, and we track a number of associate metrics and demographics to measure the effectiveness of our D I program and progress toward our representation goals.

We strive not only to increase the diverse representation of our team, but also to create an environment where associates have a strong sense of belonging and can achieve professional and personal fulfillment.

Resource Groups, whose membership more than tripled in 2021.

I am pleased to reaffirm Danaher’s support of the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact.

We are committed to aligning our strategy, culture and operations with the initiative’s principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti corruption.

This report serves as our UN Global Compact Communication of Progress and we are proud to continue supporting this important endeavor.

In Closing Every day across Danaher, we work to positively increasingly urgent need to take swift action to address impact the world around us in meaningful ways.

Within this challenge we levels, which aligns to the prevailing climate science see tremendous opportunity to help our associates, goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius customers, and shareholders Realize Life’s Potential.

We know that when we bring together the scope and our more than 29% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG scale of our innovations, the passion and dedication of emissions (normalized to revenue) from 2019 to 2021, our teams, and our deeply ingrained commitment to which substantially exceeded our original five year continuous improvement, the potential for long term reduction target of 15%.

We expect that our powerful positive impact is limitless.

Thank you for your partnership as we build a future GHG reductions.

Our commitment to continuous improvement compels us to take meaningful actions that benefit the greater good, and DBS continues to be a uniquely powerful system for supporting our environmental ambitions.

President and Chief Executive Officer our facilities around the world identify, prioritize and implement measures to optimize water use.

And we’re proud to support our customers in their sustainability endeavors in the pages that follow, we share several examples of how our innovative technologies are also helping customers reduce their environmental impact.

This section provides a brief introduction to Danaher our history, how we work, and our businesses.

Our groundbreaking global businesses transform the fields of life sciences, diagnostics, water quality and product identification.

Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world.

Mitchell Rales envisioned a new kind of manufacturing company one dedicated to continuous improvement and customer satisfaction.

The root Dana is an ancient Celtic word meaning swift flowing, an apt descriptor for the nimble mindset and rapid flow of innovation that have defined Danaher for decades.

Danaher was established in 1984 as a group of discrete, manufacturing businesses.

It soon became one of the first companies in North America to adopt kaizen, the Japanese business philosophy of continuous improvement.

Starting in the mid 1990s, Danaher organized its businesses around strategic platforms with sustainable competitive advantages in sizeable global markets.

Danaher established leadership positions in the sectors that define it today, beginning with water quality in 1998 and followed by product identification (2001), diagnostics (2004) and life sciences (2005).

Today, Danaher is a science and technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world.

Helping scientists around the world work at a molecular level to understand chronic disease and infection, develop and produce new therapies, and test new drugs.

Providing critical tools and software for clinicians to safeguard patient health, improve diagnostic confidence, and enhance patient care.

Ensuring the freshness and safety of food, pharmaceuticals and consumer goods.

Protecting our global water supply and promoting environmental stewardship.

Our Shared Purpose Our Shared Purpose Helping Realize Life’s Potential is our inspiration for everything that we do.

Our innovations solve complex customer problems, address emerging societal challenges, expand access to healthcare, and help ensure a cleaner, safer environment.

We are a purpose led, high performing team driven by the power of the Danaher Business System.

With a strong foundation built on a commitment to integrity, compliance and sound governance, Danaher strives to Help Realize Life’s Potential for all our stakeholders.

The Danaher Business System The Danaher Business System (DBS) has been the foundation of our performance and culture since our company’s earliest days.

The world and our portfolio of businesses has changed meaningfully since then, and we continuously evolve our DBS tools and processes to best serve all our stakeholders.

Inspired by our Core Values and guided by our Shared Purpose, DBS drives a continuous cycle of innovation and improvement.

It helps us navigate our toughest challenges, deliver innovative products and solutions, grow our businesses and develop the very best teams.

DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous improvement and the culture that makes it work.

DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous improvement and the culture that makes it work.

Every day, scientists around the world are working to understand the causes of disease, develop new therapies and vaccines and test new drugs.

Our Life Sciences businesses make this leading edge scientific research possible.

Our capabilities extend beyond research to power the creation of biopharmaceuticals, cell and gene therapies and other breakthrough treatments to advance patient health and improve treatment outcomes.

Pall associate Ana Rita Charneca at Pall’s Center of Excellence in Portsmouth, U.K.

Our Diagnostics businesses provide clinical instrumentation, consumables and software to help healthcare professionals safeguard patient health and improve diagnostic confidence wherever health care happens, from clinics and physicians’ offices to leading trauma, cancer and critical care centers.

Our diagnostics solutions help inform treatment decisions for millions of patients every day while automating and streamlining laboratory workflows, so healthcare professionals can provide better patient care.

Our diagnostics solutions help inform treatment decisions for millions of patients every day.

From innovative consumer packaging to drinking water purification, our Environmental Applied Solutions (EAS) businesses help protect precious resources and keep our global food and water supplies safe.

EAS is comprised of two platforms: Water Quality and Product Identification.

As the world’s population increases, so too does the demand for our most precious resource: water.

Quality businesses help protect the global water supply and ensure environmental stewardship.

We deliver precision instrumentation, advanced purification technology, software and treatment solutions to help analyze, disinfect and manage the world’s water across environmental, municipal, commercial and industrial applications.

Every day, we trust packaging to ensure freshness, consistency and authenticity of products around the world.

Our Product Identification businesses provide color management, packaging design, and marking and coding technologies that help protect the world’s food supply, secure pharmaceutical packaging and track consumer goods, while our comprehensive digital tools and software solutions help customers bring more products to market faster.

We drive sustainability improvements through people, process, technology and, above all, through DBS.

For us, sustainability means a commitment to considering the long term interests of our associates, customers, shareholders, business partners, communities and planet in everything we do.

We are committed to helping generations of stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential.

When we bring together our innovative portfolio, the dedication of our passionate people and our deeply ingrained commitment to continuous improvement, our potential to create a better world is limitless.

We drive sustainability improvements through people, process, technology and, above all, through DBS.

We drive and sustain improvements throughout our areas of sustainability impact, including with our customers (through our products, services and solutions) and in our commercial organization, supply chain, operations, workplace, communities and environment.

We prioritized each topic based on the intersection of relative stakeholder importance, and value at stake for Danaher, our stakeholders, including our regular sustainability yielding the following priority topics: prioritization assessments.

We are committed to periodically refreshing our prioritization assessment and in 2022, with the assistance of a third party consulting firm, we completed an updated assessment of the priority sustainability topics for our business.

Surveys of approximately 300 Danaher associates across all of our major businesses and geographies.

Approximately 125 interviews and surveys with internal and external stakeholders including investors, customers, regulators and third party rating firms.

Extensive benchmarking of the sustainability strategies and programs of our peer companies.

Insights from a social listening tool that uses artificial intelligence to monitor and analyze data across traditional and social media to identify the sustainability topics with greatest impact to Danaher l s r e d o h e k a t r e h a n a o t e c n a t r o p m.

For us, sustainability means a commitment to considering the long term interests of our associates, customers, shareholders, business partners, communities and our planet in everything we do.

Danaher’s Sustainability Committee develops and oversees the execution of our sustainability strategy.

Nominating and Governance Committee reviews our sustainability program at least annually.

Committee, and is responsible for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports.

Board of Directors, to help identify potential risks shareholders, business partners, communities and our and opportunities and inform business decisions.

Stakeholder engagement, which refers to how we annual sustainability report.

Ongoing engagement with industry groups and associations: As part of our inclusive approach, Danaher participates in industry groups and and the planet.

Danaher is committed to engaging associations that help drive sustainability practices with a variety of stakeholders to understand their within our company and across our industries.

We expectations of Danaher and how our activities affect identify a number of those industry groups and them including with respect to environmental issues.

Engaging with a broad range of stakeholder groups: specialists and solicit suggestions for improvements.

At the start of each reporting cycle, we review feedback operations and customers in dozens of countries, from our stakeholders and these advisors and adjust our impact is broad.

We therefore engage with a our disclosure where appropriate.

For example, during 2021, in addition to our traditional investor relations outreach efforts, we directly engaged with shareholders representing over 25% of our outstanding common shares on a range of sustainability topics.

Our investor relations efforts have been recognized with numerous awards over the years, including those noted to the right.

Best Corporate Governance (U.S.): 2014, 2015, 2018, 2021.

Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (U.S.):.

Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (Global):.

Best Overall Investor Relations Program (U.S.): 2018.

Best Investor Relations Officer (U.S.): 2021, 2022.

Best Investor Relations Professional: 2017, 2020, 2022.

Realize Life’s Potential by enhancing quality of life today and setting the foundation for a better world for future generations.

At Danaher, innovation doesn’t happen by accident.

It is the product of the DBS Innovation Engine, part of a larger suite of integrated, function specific DBS management programs and tools.

Engine is a rigorous, holistic management program encompassing tools that facilitate innovation, process, strategy, organization, talent and culture.

A strategic framework for innovation and a process to identify and quantify how innovation will support.

A continuous improvement methodology to assess how effectively each Innovation Engine component is applied and measure the overall effect on growth.

Danaher’s IP strategy and management program, which we refer to as our IP Vision, is a critical enabler of the DBS Innovation Engine.

A common IP language and framework, strategy and business maturity model across Danaher.

A methodology for ensuring that a business’s IP organization aligns with its strategic objectives.

An educational program designed to drive IP fluency within relevant functions across Danaher.

A single technology platform that stores and categorizes IP assets across Danaher.

A unique metric that combines IP, market and financial characteristics to measure the quality of a business’s competitive positioning and identify.

An innovation model for categorizing innovation risks and opportunities types and identifying the market dynamics, leadership style and intellectual property (IP) attributes that best fit each one, and used by our operating companies to identify high value innovation in the context of their particular businesses and served markets.

Tools that prioritize the identification of high value customer problems and support the development of products, services and technologies to solve them.

In the following sections, we illustrate the impact of the DBS Innovation Engine and our IP Vision through key strategic themes in each of our business segments and examples of the breakthrough innovations driving those strategies.

These examples are representative of the broader positive impact that Danaher’s innovation has on quality of life around the world.

The rigorous process that underlies innovation at Danaher gives us confidence that the best is yet to come.

Our understanding of and ability to harness biology is accelerating.

We are applying science and technology at scale to discover, develop and deliver new biologic drugs, therapies, vaccines and tests more rapidly and more efficiently changing healthcare as we know it.

And we are applying learnings from centuries of innovation and the transformative methods of industrialization to speed up and scale up the production of high quality biological products to improve the lives of billions of people.

Today, our Life Sciences operating companies are engineering continuous biologic production processes, automating workflows at the lab bench, and creating smart plasmid DNA factories.

We are deploying modern tools of digitization, automation, and connectivity against the task of industrializing biology.

The following examples highlight how our businesses’ innovative technologies are accelerating this scientific revolution and redefining industrialization.

Scaling Quality to Support Every Level of Drug Development The scientific community requires biological ingredients like plasmids, mRNA, and proteins in different amounts and different quality grades depending on the stage of drug development.

Aldevron provides scientists with these inputs at the precise quality level required for each stage, enabling scientists to more easily transfer technology from the bench (research grade) to preparing for production scale up and early phase clinical trials (GMP Source grade) to commercial production scale (clinical grade), with no need to change materials suppliers.

This consistency can help improve confidence that bench scale experimental results can be translated to clinical production.

More Science Than Art Lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) enable the delivery of some of the most advanced DNA based therapies including mRNA vaccines and creating them used to be a complicated, time consuming, and labor intensive process that resembled art more than science.

The chemistry was challenging and required years of training and practice, as well as improvisation.

Consequently, batches of LNPs were inconsistent, making it difficult to produce material suitable for human therapeutic applications.

Precision Nanosystems’ revolutionary kit uses scalable microfluidic mixing technologies and unique lipid delivery reagents to produce significantly more stable, reproducible, consistent LNP formulations.

The standardization facilitates reproduction of reliable results during drug discovery and accelerates process development and scale up for clinical application.

Scaling Up Synthetic Biology with Automation Engineering proteins, synthesizing DNA and cloning correctly can sometimes produce additional, unintended molecules require several manual steps that are done at changes to the genome called off target effects.

Integrated DNA Technologies’ (IDT) award winning rhAmpSeq CRISPR Analysis System accelerates genome a micro level creating opportunities for inconsistency and error.

Molecular Devices is automating iterative tasks in synthetic biology with the QPix , a specialized robot editing research and provides a mechanism to assess that selects and isolates colonies of pure, single strain on and off target editing.

Its user friendly interface microbes to mass produce them.

CRISPR gene editing project completion in less than a select high performing colonies and generate consistent week, and without specialized hardware or bioinformatics and traceable data for large numbers of samples in a knowledge making this critical analysis faster and more fraction of the time a manual effort would take.

Accelerating Microscopy Workflows Leica Microsystems recently launched the world’s first Microhub, Mica an integrated digital imaging or biological properties.

BPLM platform to efficiently integrate process data setup and workflow.

With that in mind, Beckman Coulter Life Sciences launched the award winning CytoFLEX SRT Benchtop Cell Sorter which automates setup and and knowledge generated from early development processes across the imaging workflow in one easy through commercial manufacturing.

The combination to use, automated system helping scientists move of PIMS with the BPLM platform creates the first end faster from sample to discovery.

This innovative technology enables advancing IDBS’ mission to reduce the time, cost, and than conventional microscopy workflows.

Our businesses’ innovative technologies are accelerating this scientific revolution and redefining industrialization.

Our Diagnostics businesses provide a broad range of leading solutions that help healthcare systems and clinicians meet the needs of acutely and chronically ill patients.

Our goal is to become the global leader in connected diagnostics transforming insights into answers and delivering high quality and accurate diagnostic confidence for a spectrum of critical health conditions.

Faster and more accurate diagnoses improve patient outcomes through earlier interventions and shortened hospital stays, while also driving efficiencies and conserving precious healthcare resources.

The following examples highlight some of our most impactful diagnostic technologies and solutions.

The other 18 million patients often receive extensive and unnecessary cardiac workups at a cost of over 4 billion annually.

I assay (Access hsTnI) and AMI Clinical Decision Support software solution, which quickly and accurately identifies patients with ACS or otherwise at risk for a major adverse cardiovascular event.

Beckman’s solution supports faster intervention for patients with suspected ACS, and more effectively rules out low risk patients, reducing unnecessary testing and shortening aggregate emergency department wait times by up to 36 million hours each year.

Setting the Standard for Molecular Diagnostics Innovation Since 2019 Cepheid has doubled its installed base of molecular diagnostic testing systems and today there are more than 40,000 Cepheid GeneXpert and Infinity systems in over 180 countries.

With a menu of over 35 tests spanning many disease states, Cepheid’s Lab in a Cartridge technology provides simplified, on demand access to lab quality results everywhere from major city hospitals to local clinics and remote villages.

Cepheid’s strong track record of innovation has focused on bringing more of this life changing molecular testing closer to patients to drive better outcomes and standards of care.

Xpert Xpress CoV 2 Flu RSV plus which returns results in as little as 25 minutes.

Improving Acute Care Diagnostics Every day, half a million blood samples are analyzed a devastating cancer diagnosis, a complex process that involves multiple health specialties including lab and around the world using Radiometer’s testing solutions.

Radiometer’s technology provides health care pathology professionals, often requiring several weeks for professionals with the real time, critical information they a definitive diagnosis.

This delay is extremely stressful for need in acute care diagnostics.

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS patients, and clinicians typically cannot start treatment blood gas analyzer delivers blood gas results across 19 without an accurate diagnosis.

Leica Biosystems is focused on developing novel technologies that accelerate parameters, including oxygen and carbon dioxide levels and kidney function, in just 35 seconds.

These results and connect the disparate elements of the cancer enable clinicians to accurately diagnose patients and diagnostics workflow to produce high quality patient move to effective, life saving treatments faster.

GeneXpert systems and delivered millions of Xpert test cartridges to communities in need.

Cepheid continues to enhance this program with life saving innovations that deliver greater access to molecular diagnostic testing everywhere.

Transforming the Future of Breast Cancer Diagnostics Breast biopsy site markers are placed to identify the area where breast tissue was removed, to guide follow up imaging and procedures.

Most site markers are exceedingly difficult to locate with confidence akin to finding a needle in a haystack.

To address this problem, Mammotome developed HydroMARK, a premium category of breast tissue markers that enable clinicians to visualize the marker more easily under MRIs, ultrasound and x ray imaging.

Over two million patients have had a HydroMARK tissue marker implanted at biopsy, providing faster and more comfortable follow up imaging and treatment.

HemoCue is dedicated to addressing this health priority with its lab accurate hemoglobin point of care testing.

The ability to detect anemia on the spot enables clinicians to provide immediate corrective treatment to improve the health of young children, mothers and babies.

Despite the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic, in 2021 HemoCue placed more than 8,000 hemoglobin testing systems and shipped more than 23 million tests across at risk communities in Africa, India and Latin America.

With its powerful GeneXpert system, Cepheid can respond to new health care needs and threats as they arise.

As under treated and under diagnosed diseases such as tuberculosis (TB), HIV, and Ebola resurge globally, the GeneXpert enables clinicians to run the exact test needed at the right time.

As the global community grapples with the worldwide re emergence of TB and increasing number of drug resistant strains, the need for fast and accurate TB diagnosis with the detection of drug resistance is greater than ever.

RIF and Xpert MTB RIF Ultra tests have revolutionized the management of TB infections by providing a faster and more accurate diagnosis that detects both TB and resistance to the commonly used antibiotic rifampicin.

Applied Solutions businesses protect precious resources and help keep our global food and water supply safe.

Our Water Quality businesses deliver precision instrumentation and advanced purification technology to help analyze, treat and manage the world’s water, from municipal and wastewater to lakes, streams and oceans.

And our Product Identification businesses touch consumer, industrial and pharmaceutical products throughout the supply chain to help ensure freshness, consistency, safety, and accurate labeling and tracking.

The following examples demonstrate how our innovative solutions are used to protect the world’s most precious resources.

Marking and Coding to Ensure Safety Our broad portfolio of marking, coding and printing solutions across Videojet, Laetus and FOBA print on over 10 billion products daily around the world, helping customers ensure product quality, integrity, and regulatory compliance.

The world’s leading providers of pharmaceuticals and early life nutrition use Videojet and Laetus technology to uniquely mark and track individual packages of medications and baby food and formula, helping ensure authenticity and protection against counterfeits of these highly sensitive products.

Inspiring Change with Color For World Water Day, Pantone teamed up with charity: water on a water crisis campaign to raise awareness about the global lack of access to clean and safe drinking water.

The campaign boldly stated, The world is full of stunning colors, but they’re only beautiful if you don’t have to drink them and shows the murky colored water that over 750 million people are forced to drink every day using color to increase awareness of an important global issue.

Promoting Inclusion Through Color In 2021, Pantone expanded the Skintone Guide, a comprehensive visual reference of human skin tones that can be used for a variety of applications including cosmetics and prosthetics, to accurately depict and celebrate diverse skin tones of the world.

Pantone developed the SkinTone Guide by scientifically measuring thousands of actual skin tones across the full spectrum of human skin types.

Managing the World’s Water Data Aquatic Informatics’ real time data management and analytics platform, Aquarius, enables water operators to make better decisions at any time and from any location.

Since 2005, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has relied on Aquarius to efficiently manage water data from more than 22,000 stream gauging, groundwater, water quality and precipitation sites.

By leveraging the platform’s more than 58 billion historical data points and robust analytical capabilities, the USGS has increased data consistency, comparability and reliability to help agencies and scientists around the world reduce operating expenditures, protect infrastructure investments and preserve the health of ecosystems and communities.

Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), named Cepheid and Hach’s collaboration as the PCR category winner of the 2022 Rapid Wastewater SARS CoV 2 Testing Challenge.

SARS CoV 2 in wastewater within hours of sample collection, even in remote locations without easy access to off site laboratories.

Cepheid and Hach’s solution uses the Cepheid GeneXpert technology to fully automate the extraction and measurement of SARS CoV 2 in wastewater in a self contained cartridge.

Each analysis only takes 2 minutes of hands on time, and no lab experience is necessary to perform the test.

Addressing Pressing Public Health and Infrastructure Needs The world’s supply of clean water is under substantial stress due to industrialization, increasing demand, and rising biological and chemical contamination.

Trojan’s products and services play a vital role in improving the efficiency and sustainability of the water treatment process.

Today, over 150,000 Trojan ultraviolet (UV) treatment systems are installed in industrial applications worldwide and over 11,000 systems are installed in municipalities.

Collectively, Trojan’s systems treat over 70 billion gallons of drinking water and wastewater every day.

The Best Team Wins Our people are our most important strategic resource in the pursuit of innovative solutions to solve our customers’ most complex challenges.

We know that diverse and inclusive teams create real innovation breakthroughs because they provide room for big ideas and encourage all voices to be heard, which leads to better solutions and outcomes that effectively serve our global customer base.

We strive to not only increase the diversity representation of our team, but also to create an environment where associates can bring their authentic selves to work, have a strong sense of belonging, and realize their personal and professional potential to the fullest.

We are committed to reflecting these objectives in our actions, our values and the language we use every day in interactions with our associates, customers, and communities around the world.

Driven by our culture of continuous improvement, we are creating a richly diverse company where good ideas thrive and there are many pathways to success.

Our strategy for building the best team addresses culture, recruitment, development, engagement, retention and diversity and inclusion.

Resources is the executive with management level responsibility and reports to the full Board on these topics at least annually.

Attracting high performing, diverse talent is a key strategic priority for all our businesses globally.

In 2021 alone, we hired nearly 20,000 new associates.

We have invested in comprehensive talent acquisition capabilities across all levels of recruitment including robust branding, labor market analytics, advanced sourcing, leading technology and streamlined processes.

Our employer brand campaign, Wonder What’s Within, invites potential candidates to learn more about Danaher and its operating companies through real associate stories, sharing what it’s like to work within our organization and what it takes to succeed here.

One of the things I really like about HemoCue is that I’m not the only person thinking about my career growth everyone is It feels like my development is important to the company as a whole, and people are always looking out for what my next step might be.

If you show you’re willing to work and you’re willing to learn, Pall will keep helping you develop.

If the right person gets in and shows interest in a subject be it people management or fixing machines the team at Pall will train you as soon as you get in the door.

University Recruitment Another key element of our talent recruitment strategy focuses on partnering with universities and organizations across the globe to offer internships and leadership development programs in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), operations, general management and human resources.

Many of our operating companies also have their own work study programs and often partner with educational institutions to cultivate a passion for STEM disciplines.

Diverse Talent Attraction An important component of our overall talent acquisition strategy is our focus on attracting underrepresented talent.

A key element of this program involves establishing and fostering partnerships with diverse professional organizations, some of which are represented to the left.

Another important element of our attraction efforts is the work carried out by our D I talent acquisition subject matter experts.

This cross platform team informs, educates, trains and supports the talent acquisition community and critical stakeholders in their diversity sourcing, screening, interviewing and hiring efforts.

They also encourage and inspire our leaders and associates to become active talent scouts and ambassadors in the external marketplace.

I joined Danaher for the culture, the team and the growth opportunities.

I stay because I can bring my whole self to work, and I genuinely feel that my company and team cares about me.

Our Associates’ Voices Matter 73% Associate engagement is a foundational priority for Danaher.

Support Throughout the COVID 19 Pandemic Since the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic, we have included questions in our annual Associate Engagement Survey to gauge how our associates feel about Danaher’s efforts to support them during the pandemic.

In 2021, 87% of our associates said that they believe that associate wellbeing and safety is the priority of my operating company at this phase of the COVID 19 pandemic, and 91% of our associates said that they feel supported by their direct supervisor in adapting to 1pts changes due to the COVID 19 pandemic.

In partnership with Fidelity, we launched a global financial wellbeing microsite aimed at providing high level, culturally relevant financial wellbeing educational information to all Danaher associates outside of the U.S.

In recognition of World Mental Health Day, we held our second annual Global Anti Stigma Campaign, featuring training facilitated by Danaher leaders and third party experts.

We developed guidance for managers to lead conversations about emotional wellbeing, as well as videos to share with associates showing that mental health impacts everyone.

U.S. and U.S. expatriates eight weeks of 100% paid leave within the first year of a child’s birth, adoption or foster care placement.

In 2021, we updated our adoption policy to include surrogacy reimbursement support up to 10,000 the same amount provided for adoptions.

In the U.S. we launched SWORD, a virtual physical therapy solution designed to help overcome back, to its list of family friendly benefits for associates in the U.S., joint or muscle pain from home.

Maven Clinic offers around the clock opinion service, offering guidance from medical experts to confirm or enhance current diagnoses and support for every step of parenthood from fertility treatments treatment plans.

SASB: HC BP 330a.2 and adoption to parental leave and return to work, breast milk shipping and mental health support.

Danaher Scholarship Program The Danaher Scholarship Program helps reduce the financial burden of higher education costs for Danaher families.

The recipients were selected based on academic record, demonstrated leadership, participation in school and community activities, honors, work experience and a statement of goals and aspirations.

Diversity and inclusion (D I) are key dimensions of our overall engagement strategy.

Our D I transformation began several years ago, and by 2020 we had the organizational structure and rigor in place to establish 2025 diversity goals for gender representation globally and people of color (POC) representation in the U.S.

These goals hold us accountable to drive progress toward full representation at every level of our organization.

At Danaher we believe that what is measured is what moves, so in addition to tracking our progress against these goals we track several other critical metrics that measure the effectiveness of our D I program.

White 74% Asian 13% Hispanic Latinx 4% Black 4% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 54% Asian 19% Hispanic Latinx 12% Black 7% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 64% Asian 16% Hispanic Latinx 8% Black 4% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 55% Asian 18% Hispanic Latinx 11% Black 7% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more 2% Not specified 5%.

EEO 1) Employment Data is available for download here.

However, we believe the data as presented in this report is the most meaningful measure of our diversity profile and performance.

Work for LGBTQ Equality, and each year since 2014 we have received a perfect score of 100.

D I Commitment In 2022, we codified our commitment to diversity and inclusion by adopting the DEI Policy.

The policy articulates the details of our commitment at the enterprise, operating company, people leader and individual contributor levels.

Inclusion Council along with executives who lead our businesses.

Creating D I accountability measures, including performance and development objectives.

Operationalizing D I initiatives and programming across all our operating companies.

Action), setting a clear tone at the top regarding D I’s critical importance to Danaher.

That message is carried through our internal communications and policies as well.

While we have made tremendous progress across our D I efforts over the last few years, we feel a sense of urgency to accelerate our work on this front.

Across Danaher, when we reach for bold objectives we care deeply about, we turn to a DBS tool called Policy Deployment (PD).

PD initiative focused on D I. PD helps our operating companies determine their critical few improvement priorities and achieve strategic breakthroughs through the implementation of new, sustainable processes.

PD’s rigorous plan do check adjust approach is helping us increase the pace and traction of our diversity representation, engagement and inclusion goals, as evidenced by the metrics shown on the previous page.

Leadership Commitment to D I As we continue to mature and evolve in our D I journey across Danaher, we are particularly focused on people leader accountability.

In 2022, for the third year in a row, Danaher is requiring each people leader to have a D I related personal performance or development objective as part of our annual review process, Performance for Growth (P4G).

Ensuring our leaders understand the importance of D I, model an inclusive culture through their own behaviors and cultivate opportunities for their teams to learn and engage is critical in advancing our D I goals.

Our annual Day of Understanding (DoU) is an important tool that our people leaders use to engage their teams in meaningful discussions around D I topics.

DoU is an addressing potential bias in the workplace and fostering a culture of inclusion and understanding.

Our 2022 DoU will focus on Persons with Disabilities.

Pay Equity Our DEI Policy articulates our commitment to pay equity (including gender and racial ethnic group pay equity) and ensuring that pay decisions are based on merit.

We proactively monitor, measure and review our pay practices and take actions toward achieving and maintaining pay equity.

In 2020, we achieved base pay equity for women and for racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. based on an analysis of weighted median base pay.

In 2021, we expanded this analysis in the U.S. to include both base pay and short term incentive compensation (STI), and our results continue to demonstrate pay equity.

STI for women in the U.S. is 100% of the weighted median base pay and STI of men within operating companies in the same job.

Black, Asian and Latinx associates in the U.S. have a weighted median base pay and STI that is at least 100% of the weighted median base pay and STI of white associates within operating companies in the same job.

Outside the U.S., we conduct pay gap reporting by operating company in the countries where this is required, and we have voluntarily performed detailed pay fairness analyses in ten of our most populous countries covering more than 75% of our global headcount.

Associate Resource Groups We expect everyone at Danaher to support a culture that respects and appreciates individuality, and our Associate Resource Groups (ARGs) are one of our most powerful tools for promoting inclusion.

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, associate led groups for our underrepresented associates that promote a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our mission, values, goals and business practices.

ARGs offer tailored education for each group’s associates, friends and allies a safe and supportive space to connect with others and mentoring and coaching programs that help underrepresented talent build connections with a broader group of Danaher leaders and outside professionals.

Friends community, recognizing the importance of broader support for each underrepresented group.

Support for our ARGs and their members is a priority for our President and CEO and his executive team.

To establish an inclusive culture, in which women believe they can be their authentic selves.

To create and cultivate an environment where the LGBTQ community can belong as their authentic selves and realize their potential.

To unite and elevate the Latinx community at Danaher by capitalizing on our passions and realizing our aspirations.

Asian Descent associates can fulfill their professional aspirations and be valued for who they are.

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, associate led groups for our underrepresented associates that promote a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our mission, values, goals and business practices.

Our Associate Resource Groups are one of our most powerful tools for promoting inclusion.

The U.S. Canada ARG held a fireside chat authentic selves.

At the conclusion of this crafting Chinese paper cuts, and touching was a dynamic discussion of the history of play into their workday.

The second program was a two virtual cooking classes that featured inspirational stories of navigating their their friends and family marched together in celebration traditions.

And there was a virtual DJ that offered a fellowship opportunity for associates while listening to Black artists.

ARG build DBS competency and improve personal productivity.

Our approach to talent development is informed by DBS and framed by the 70 20 10 model: 70% of development occurs on the job, 20% through coaching and mentoring, and 10% through formal training and learning experiences.

Our goal is to get the right development experience to the right associate at the right time, whether associates are recent college graduates or seasoned leaders.

We offer a rich mix of formal programming spanning a robust curriculum of courses, supported by enterprise wide best practice sharing opportunities.

One of our most impactful talent development programs is our DBS Certified Practitioner model.

Certified Practitioners are associates who undergo a rigorous training and certification process in a particular discipline of DBS, qualifying them to train, counsel and mentor others.

We have almost 2,000 Certified Practitioners across Danaher.

Building DBS capability is fundamental to our leadership development and learning strategy.

Our pivot to virtual programming during the COVID 19 pandemic expanded the reach of several key courses to people leaders across the globe.

We also support our associates in their pursuit of continuing education outside of Danaher, with most of our operating companies offering tuition reimbursement and educational assistance programs.

On average, there are typically more than 2,000 job openings across the company.

Danaher Go is our internal mobility program that supports our commitment to hiring and growing careers from within.

Our internal policy reinforces this commitment by encouraging associates to pursue intra Danaher career moves and ensuring they receive the support to do so from their manager and senior leadership.

To ensure our recruitment team has visibility to the career backgrounds and aspirations of our associates, we regularly encourage our associates to complete and update their Career Profile in our Workday HR information system.

Excludes Annual Training Program and blended courses (instructor led with on demand components).

P4G guides associates and their managers in setting clear personal performance and development objectives aligned to our strategic priorities and assessing associate performance against these goals.

This required annual process helps our people leaders establish an effective plan for their associates, accurately assess associate performance, provide actionable and ongoing feedback and recognize and reward exceptional work.

P4G annual reviews are structured around performance assessments against formal, annual objectives as well as our four Core Behaviors, which we introduced in 2021.

P4G performance appraisal rating system determines each associate’s salary merit increase for the following year (and bonus payout for bonus eligible associates).

Compensation We are committed to offering associates competitive compensation that accounts for geography, industry, experience and performance.

Danaher and its operating companies’ compensation programs and practices are designed to attract associates, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention.

Compensation at Danaher typically includes base wages and some form of variable bonus or incentive opportunity.

More than 90% of our associates participate in our bonus or incentive programs.

Our Executive Compensation Program is designed to reward executive officers who achieve annual business goals, build long term shareholder value and maintain long term careers with Danaher.

Our program’s emphasis on long term equity awards tied closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting and holding periods has been fundamental in attracting skilled executives, encouraging them to build long term careers with Danaher, and motivating them to achieve sustainable operating and financial performance through a range of economic cycles.

At Danaher’s annual meeting of shareholders in May 2022, approximately 94% of the votes cast were in favor of the say on pay proposal.

Collective Bargaining Of Danaher’s U.S. associates, approximately 400 were hourly rated, unionized associates at the end of 2021.

As set forth in Danaher’s Sustainability Policy, our businesses are required to respect each associate’s legal rights to make an informed decision, free of coercion, about membership in associations and or labor unions, and are required to bargain in good faith with these associations and labor unions.

Danaher’s Community Impact Strategy Our team’s passion for solving complex challenges reaches well beyond the lab, manufacturing facility or office, and extends into our local communities around the globe.

And as a leading science and technology innovator, we have a unique opportunity to address some of society’s toughest problems.

Danaher’s community impact strategy relies on a targeted approach to community investment, with a preference for programs that share our commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Danaher is committed to leveraging our time, talent, product and financial resources to deliver on a community impact strategy commensurate with our growth, abilities, the expectations of our stakeholders and, most importantly, our Shared Purpose.

Cytiva associates planting native trees at the Tauranga, New Zealand site community engagement around the world.

Their diverse backgrounds and experiences offer limitless ideas for continuous improvement and how we focus our resources to build communities and people.

We celebrate and fuel this passion in a number of ways.

We offer an associate platform that enables the pursuit and tracking of personal and team based volunteerism.

Volunteer programs will be available globally in 2023.

Associates can translate the hours they volunteer into grants to the nonprofits of their choice.

Danaher matches donations from associates to eligible organizations, up to 500 per associate per calendar year.

Note: As of 2022, these three programs are currently available to full and part time associates in the U.S. and Canada only.

Read our complete Community Impact Statement here.

Biomedical Science Careers Program (BSCP), a non profit organization working to increase the representation of minorities and disadvantaged individuals in science and medicine.

BSCP partners with organizations and businesses like Cytiva to provide mentorship opportunities for academically outstanding students.

To date, Cytiva has supported 2,000 students’ participation in the program free of charge and invested in academic scholarships.

Cytiva is working to expand its partnership with BSCP with the goal of supporting 10,000 students annually.

At Cytiva, we want to move from discussion to action to impact.

BSCP has impacted thousands of lives and countless individuals are now pursuing biomedical careers thanks to BSCP’s mentorship, development and support.

We’re excited to contribute our experience, expertise and resources.

BSCP interns and Cytiva Vice President Emmanuel Abate volunteering at the Community Harvest Project, which targets hunger relief in the Grafton, MA community.

Mentorship in Action City Year UK is an education and youth social action charity that challenges 18 to 25 year olds to tackle educational inequality through a year of full time voluntary service.

As mentors, tutors and role models in schools, participants support 1,500 at risk youth in disadvantaged communities in London, Birmingham and Greater Manchester.

Participants become integral to the school day, supporting young people in their academic and social emotional learning, both in and out of the classroom.

Potential through a program of training, coaching and career development opportunities.

Danaher’s London based operating companies partner with City Year UK throughout the year to help develop the employability skills of around 150 young people.

Our associates work with these emerging leaders on their professional skills through one on one mentoring and career exploration, guest speakers, mock interviews and visits to Danaher operating company sites.

Manisha, who attends one of City Year’s London schools, met monthly to help Manisha plan and set goals for what’s next in her career.

Samit helped me look at life with a different perspective.

In our first meeting he asked me, When it comes to your career, what is your heart telling you and your head telling you ’ I couldn’t answer.

He helped me find a balance with working in a creative industry which has been a passion of mine and focusing on my strengths and where I can continue to grow as a person.

Having Samit as my mentor made me more confident and the knowledge he imparted will always stay with me.

I had the pleasure of being a mentor in City Year’s Bridge Builder program this year and I really enjoyed the experience of coaching Manisha.

We focused on building her resume and professional networking profiles, and how to convey her experience and passions with confidence and maturity.

It was fulfilling to give advice to a young me’ and I thank City Year for creating such a platform.

Building the Next Generation of STEAM Leaders The Henry Ford Invention Convention is the largest kindergarten through 12th grade invention education program in the U.S., with an annual competition that features more than 147,000 student inventions from across the country.

In 2022, Danaher scientists and engineers served as judges, applying their scientific expertise to review student submissions.

Convention’s Health and Medical Award, which recognizes a notable student who successfully addresses a health and medical technology problem that could one day save lives.

Redondo Beach, CA, for the Tasty IV Flush, a flavored pellet that makes saline solution taste better, creating a more positive patient experience.

Patients undergoing continuous IV treatments need to have their IV line flushed with a saline solution, which can be tasted by the patient.

Dylan’s mom had recently undergone cancer treatment, and a friend had been treated for hemophilia.

As Dylan told the judges, Research supports a lot of people have this problem, and it impacts how they react to treatment.

I tried different flavors mixed with a saline solution and surveyed my family and friends to see which flavors they liked best.

The idea is that a patient could pick a flavor from all the options, and it would taste like they had a candy in their mouth during treatment and they would have a better experience.

Shared Purpose, our Core Value The Best Team Wins which includes a commitment to the fundamental and our Sustainability Mission Statement, which states principles of human rights.

We believe respect for human rights is a cornerstone for a sustainable business.

This commitment to upholding the dignity of every person and respecting and protecting human rights applies to all Danaher locations and businesses worldwide.

We believe we have an opportunity and obligation to positively impact the protection of human rights within our sphere of influence, and we expect our suppliers to act in accordance with internationally recognized human rights standards.

In 2021, Danaher became a signatory of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) to demonstrate our commitment to the 10 principles of the UNGC on human rights, labor, environment and anti corruption.

We recognize that human rights due diligence is a continuous process.

We seek to use policies, training, processes and monitoring systems that advance this commitment across all areas of our business.

We expect each Danaher associate to act lawfully toward other associates, colleagues, business partners and those in local communities.

We do not tolerate the abuse of human rights in our operations.

International Covenant on Economic, Social in administrative, business, technical, professional,.

We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to respect human rights.

Supplier Code of Conduct, which sets forth our expectations around supplier business practices, including human rights.

We are committed to implementing and improving due diligence processes to assess risks relating to human rights.

In addition, our supplier risk assessment risk management program and our EcoVadis supplier sustainability due diligence, assessment and monitoring program assess and monitor supplier human rights practices, among other topics.

Chain Sustainability section of this report for additional detail.

As an employer and a corporate citizen, we are aware of our role in the communities in which we operate.

We seek to respect the rights of local communities and those who live and work there consistent with international human rights standards.

We strive to monitor and address the local and global environmental impacts of our business operations, and to create positive impacts on adjacent communities through local engagement and charitable programs.

Please refer to the report section In Our Communities for more information regarding our community impact initiatives.

ILO Convention Concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and Occupation management and executive career categories are required to certify their understanding of the Code of Conduct and all.

Our commitment to human rights also spans a range of its requirements, including the Code requirements relating topical areas, as detailed on the following page.

In addition, associates in our procurement function participate in annual human rights training.

All Danaher employment practices are required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those concerning hours, compensation, opportunity and working conditions.

Our businesses are required to respect each associate’s legal rights to make an informed decision, free of coercion, about membership in associations and or labor unions.

Our businesses are also required to bargain in good faith with these associations and labor unions.

Our policy is to support and comply with child labor laws across our operations and supply chain.

We do not accept or condone any aspect of forced or compulsory labor.

We strictly prohibit our associates and suppliers from engaging in human trafficking related activities.

Our policy is that all associates work in a clean and safe environment.

In the interest of maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, we require full compliance with applicable workplace safety and industrial hygiene standards as mandated by law.

Innovation section of this report for additional details).

We disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual also recognize our responsibilities to ensure the quality and orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any other safety of our products from the discovery phase to post characteristic protected by law.

We do not tolerate unlawful commercialization, and to price our products and solutions discrimination or harassment, and our Code of Conduct responsibly to ensure that they reflect their value.

We are committed to providing effective resolution to the extent we have caused or contributed to adverse human rights impacts.

The Danaher Speak Up helpline, together with the other reporting channels identified in our Code of Conduct, are the grievance mechanisms available to associates, business partners and other persons.

Vice President of Human Resources is responsible for human rights in our direct operations.

We are committed to protecting the privacy of those who entrust us with their personal information, including our customers, website visitors, associates, clinical research participants and all who do business with us.

We are committed to explaining how personal information can be corrected, updated or deleted and taking steps to keep personal information secure.

Access to healthcare, including access to innovative medical devices and other technologies, is a critically important focus for the global health community and our company.

At Danaher, we believe one of the most significant opportunities we have is to improve access to healthcare, and that our critical contribution lies in continuing to invest in products and solutions that support the discovery and development of lifesaving treatments to address the world’s most intractable health challenges.

Danaher is committed to equal employment opportunity number of inspiring breakthrough solutions.

While governments play a lead role in ensuring human rights for their citizens, we believe corporations also have an important duty to operationalize human rights in daily interactions with associates, customers and business partners.

Which is why we strive to be a responsible corporate citizen and to contribute positively to human rights impacts in the way we run our company.

Part of being a good corporate citizen is contributing to the communities where we live and work.

To that end, you have seen Danaher accelerate our global D I efforts and take a more visible position on matters of social justice, which we view as congruent to our position on human rights.

Protecting Our Environment Danaher is committed to protecting the environment, and the health and safety of our associates, contractors, customers, and communities.

Our environment, health and safety (EHS) vision is to drive world class EHS performance and innovation that anticipates the needs of our growing business.

Protecting the safety and health and encouraging the well being of our teams is a critical priority reflected in our Core Value, The Best Team Wins.

We believe we are the best team when our associates feel good about coming to work, are empowered to raise safety concerns, and leave safe and healthy at the end of every shift.

Our stewardship of the environment and precious natural resources for future generations are also core to our overall sustainability strategy.

Our planet is facing unprecedented environmental challenges, and we know that human health is inextricably linked to the health of our planet.

To this end, we are committed to leveraging DBS to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations and our products, reduce occupational injuries and illnesses and improve associate wellbeing.

We are also committed to pursuing opportunities for environmental improvements across our value chain.

By seeking to partner with suppliers and customers, we believe we can help address some of the world’s most pressing environmental issues more broadly and effectively than we could on our own.

To achieve our EHS aspirations, we have established policies that communicate clear expectations, track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure our performance and set goals to drive accountability for continuous improvement.

With DBS as our driving force, we’ve developed DBS tools designed specifically to reduce energy consumption and waste generation, and we are currently piloting a DBS tool to reduce water consumption.

We are also committed to investing in the best EHS team.

Our EHS professionals play a vital role in helping us achieve our business goals by facilitating safety, quality and productivity improvements, driving environmental stewardship across our organization and strengthening associate engagement.

In the spirit of continuous improvement, we continue to enhance our EHS organizational structure including recent additions to bolster our capabilities in EHS assurance, data administration and environmental sustainability.

Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel is the executive with management level responsibility for our EHS program.

Danaher is committed to protecting the environment, and the health and safety of our associates, contractors, customers, and the communities in which we operate.

EcoVadis ratings, demonstrating the depth of our sustainability leadership organization, including our core EHS principles.

EHS laws, personal accountability, continuous improvement in EHS performance, integration of EHS principles into our business plans, product design and facilities, recycling and reuse, EHS due diligence of newly acquired businesses and public reporting of our program effectiveness.

Builds upon the EHS Policy and addresses the EHS elements most critical to our approach to sustainability.

Note: 2019 data include Envista Holdings Corporation.

Notably, Danaher’s 2021 total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was the lowest in ten years.

KPIs and Goals To drive accountability and continuous improvement, we have established goals designed to achieve meaningful improvement in our EHS performance and reduce our impact on the environment.

In this report, we are announcing our intention to reduce Danaher’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 50.4% on an absolute basis by 2032 (compared to a baseline year of 2021) a reduction target that aligns to the prevailing climate science goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre industrial levels.

We are developing a suite of tools and processes to drive this effort, with the DBS Energy Management Toolkit as our foundation.

This new, science aligned goal supersedes our prior intensity based GHG and energy reduction targets and represents an even more ambitious reduction goal.

In 2020, we announced a five year goal to reduce the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill or incineration by 15%.

With the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit as the cornerstone, in 2021 we reduced the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill by 25% compared to the 2019 baseline running ahead of our 2024 goal.

We also track a range of EHS related KPIs to measure the effectiveness of our program and quantify our progress.

These are provided in the data summary at the end of this report.

Investigate Go to gemba the physical location where.

Given the essential role Danaher plays in the water company best practices to create a suite of EHS specific work gets done to identify and map all systems, ecosystem, assessing water risk in our operations and tools to manage ergonomics, energetics, exposure, processes and pieces of equipment that use electricity, supply chain is critical.

Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to assess the waste reduction.

Use the guidelines and checklists in the level of water risk at each of our sites worldwide.

Toolkit to identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement and develop an action plan.

Sustain Monitor performance at regular intervals, keep stakeholders engaged and add new opportunities for focused review of water related market, reputational and operational risks, prioritize sites based on water management action plans to be implemented using a impact to the action plan.

Envision Collect and analyze data relating to electricity and natural gas usage, air line leaks, insulation and fuel.

We first introduced the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit in 2020.

The application of these tools is supported by a specially generation and disposal practices, identify improvement trained group of associates referred to as Certified types.

Practitioners (CP) and Advanced Certified Practitioners goals.

Qualifying as a CP or an ACP requires a training follows the waste management hierarchy of controls: avoid, process that extends up to 18 months and includes classroom reduce, reuse, recycle, recover energy, treat and dispose.

Note: Total number of EHS significant manufacturing and assembly sites globally was 149 as of the end of 2021.

Danaher defines EHS significant sites as manufacturing, assembly, laboratory, research, testing, maintenance and or warehouse facilities with a population of 25 associates or greater, or with particular inherent EHS hazards.

Initiated 4E Certified Practitioner training and certification.

Began development of DBS Energy Management Toolkit.

Initiated Energy Management Certified Practitioner training and certification.

Began pilot testing a DBS Water Stewardship Toolkit.

DBS Tools including Action Plans, Visual and Daily Management helped the team execute their EHS culture) and eleven sub elements.

Sites move through strategy, advance the site’s EHS maturity assessment beginner, foundational, mature and advanced process scores and improve property risk scores.

Talent The team focused on EHS talent development,.

EHS personnel of in scope sites to set annual goals and creating associate participation and certification three year improvement targets.

Leadership at both the opportunities in EHS risk identification and control.

Danaher and operating company levels reviews progress against these goals and targets multiple times each year.

Results The addition of a new reagent production line in 2020 initially increased the site’s year over year absolute.

Each year, we recognize the global Best EHS program energy consumption by 50% vs. 2019, but the team’s within our organization.

Property risk protection ultimately deliver a 30% reduction in 2021 vs. 2019 while still successfully growing the business.

EHS Audit Program In 2022, we updated our EHS audit process, with the goal of further enhancing our strong foundation of EHS compliance.

Our updated audit process uses internal and external EHS auditing expertise and combines focused self assessments with risk based, on site auditing by Danaher and independent third parties.

The audit process covers jurisdiction specific EHS regulatory requirements, with the objectives of identifying and correcting deficiencies as well as identifying and sharing best practices.

Approximately 25% of our EHS significant sites undergo an in person EHS audit each calendar year.

Any observed deficiencies are documented, communicated to site leadership and tracked by corporate EHS to ensure timely closure.

EHS Information Management System We use a third party EHS information management cover a wider variety of EHS topics and target a broader system, Benchmark ESG, to collect and manage EHS audience of associates.

EHS incident, severity, investigation and corrective of accountability and engagement and covers EHS action tracking topics such as safety as a priority, common hazards, managing risks, workplace violence and incident.

EHS performance metric reporting and tracking accident protocols.

Sustainability related metric reporting and tracking of Practice (CoP) to better leverage the collective.

Danaher’s EHS strategy and provide opportunities for inspection findings professional development.

Below we share a few examples of the ways our operating companies are leveraging our EHS management tools and resources to drive meaningful operational change.

Driving Energy Efficiency in Operations Since 2019, Pall Life Sciences has held 15 environmental sustainability kaizens and implemented over 90 improvement projects yielding total reductions of over 11,000 megawatt hours of energy consumption and 4,800 metric tons of CO2 emissions the equivalent of 1.6 million in total savings.

Life Sciences spent 13% less per revenue dollar on energy, gas and water compared to 2019.

Beckman Coulter Life Sciences reduced CO2 emissions by more than 25% per revenue dollar in 2021 vs. 2019 by deploying automated building management systems, converting to LED lighting and investing in high efficiency HVAC systems.

Through a combination of energy kaizens and procuring renewable electricity from our suppliers, Leica Microsystems reduced absolute CO2 emissions by more than 30% in 2021 vs. 2019.

Hach’s facility in Berlin, Germany has installed a natural gas CHP plant, which provides heat for the facility while recovering electricity.

Reducing Waste In 2021, Leica Microsystems became the first Danaher operating company to be 100% landfill free reaching zero waste to landfill in non hazardous waste operations.

All Leica Microsystems non hazardous waste streams are sent to recycling or incineration with energy recovery (where heat and or electricity is generated from waste combustion).

As an early leader in circular economy, the Hach Environmental Center in Dusseldorf, Germany has been recycling used reagents from our customers since 1978.

Cytiva’s manufacturing facility in Uppsala, Sweden has invested over 4 million since 2019 toward sustainability initiatives including reducing water consumption and waste, energy recycling, and converting to renewable energy via solar panels.

These initiatives encourage a sustainable mindset for all associates, showing it’s possible to produce the same high quality products with fewer resources and waste.

The site turns resin manufacturing waste into biogas, which is used to fuel the local municipal bus fleet.

In 2021, Cytiva generated enough biogas to fuel two bus trips around the globe.

A water reduction program helped the team reduce the amount of water used for resin production by approximately 25% in 2021 vs. 2019.

With learnings from the pilot, Cytiva is working to replicate this process across other on site production processes.

Conducted 46 improvement projects focused on water savings.

Equivalent of 2 million of annual cost savings reagents and materials.

In tandem with Pall Life Sciences’ tremendous business growth, the team has successfully reduced the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill from 43% in 2019 to 31% in 2021.

Sciences deployed the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit and held six waste minimization kaizens across Pall sites in 2021.

SCIEX used the DBS Waste Minimization toolkit to identify an 86% reduction in landfill waste and, through collaboration with waste vendors, the team reduced non hazardous waste sent to landfill by 54% compared to 2019.

Over the last few years, the site has invested more than 3 million to improve water efficiency and has reduced annual water consumption by more than 80% since 2016.

Below we share a few examples of the ways our operating companies’ innovative technologies are helping customers reduce their environmental impact.

Reducing Waste Through Packaging and Pallet Optimization Esko’s Cape Pack package design and pallet optimization software helps customers maximize the number of boxes per pallet and truckload, reducing storage and transportation needs and ultimately reducing their environmental impact.

In one application, Cape Pack facilitated changes to truck pallet height that increased the number of products per truck.

This eliminated the need for 18,100 trucks on the road, 10,000 gallons of gasoline and 909,000 trucking miles equivalent to two round trips to the moon and saved 3.4 million pounds of CO2.

In another application, Cape Pack facilitated the replacement of shipping cases with trays that held 30% more product per pallet, reducing the customer’s paper consumption by over 23 tons.

The data gathered from Sea Bird Scientific’s oceanographic instruments are key tools used across numerous international programs to better understand these vital ecosystems.

Extending Product Life Span to Minimize Waste Chromatography columns are essential for separating, extracting water from milk during the condensing process, which uses Trojan’s Aquafine UV disinfection system and the Hach BioTector TOC Analyzer to ensure the quality of the extracted water is high enough to reuse.

These factories the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration purifying and quantifying impurities and metabolites in no longer consume water from the municipal supply or and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration pharmaceutical and biologic drugs.

When a chromatography produce wastewater that must be treated by municipal rely on these instruments for accurate and actionable data to better understand weather patterns, changes in ocean environments, and the implications of climate change.

Reducing Water Waste at Breweries Water scarcity is a looming existential threat, as only 3% of the Earth’s water is freshwater.

As global breweries shift toward sustainable beer production, reducing water consumption has become a key goal.

Pall’s membrane filtration systems require fewer processing steps and column exceeds its life span, it loses stability, causing faulty separation of biological samples.

Phenomenex’s Biozen Size Exclusion Chromatography Column dSEC 2 has a life span up to 50% longer than other columns on the market.

As a result, two Biozen dSEC 2 columns can do the job previously done by three, producing less waste and minimizing chromatography replacement time and costs.

Making Zero Water Factories Possible To address global water scarcity and improve the systems and released into local waterways a savings of more than 175,000m3 of water per year in each facility.

Awards recognize outstanding contributions in the areas of energy and water efficiency, resilience and technology achievements.

ChemTreat’s advanced water treatment program was recognized for helping The National Institutes of Health (NIH) save 28 million gallons of water and 55.9 generate higher clean water yield than conventional water sustainability of its operations, a global dairy company is billion Btu of natural gas in 2020, in addition to generating treatment filters.

By reducing the amount of water retained working to eliminate water consumption and waste in its nearly 1 million in savings and promoting reliability, safety in the filter, which is not recoverable, Pall’s membrane filter systems can reduce water consumption by up to 75% compared to conventional filters.

With the help of Hach, Trojan and Hexis, two facilities in Brazil are now zero water factories.

A key element of the zero water process involves and regulatory compliance.

Our operating companies have developed trust with their associates, customers and local communities over decades.

And at Danaher, we have always recognized the importance of reputation to our success, which is why we are committed to maintaining the highest ethical standards and complying with all applicable laws, wherever we do business.

Danaher’s integrity, reputation and successful execution of our ethics and compliance program priorities are key to our growth strategy.

Studies have shown that organizations with strong reputations and compliance cultures attract better talent, are generally perceived by stakeholders as providing more value and have higher customer loyalty.

An ethical workplace also helps build the trust necessary for our associates to innovate, engage at a high level and feel comfortable bringing forward any concerns.

Danaher is committed to doing business with integrity at every level of our organization.

Our corporate ethics and compliance function is responsible for Danaher’s Code of Conduct and related policies and programs that govern how we interact with customers, colleagues, business partners, regulators and communities, and how we market our products and services.

All Danaher operating companies are required to implement and comply with these policies and programs.

The Danaher Corporate Ethics and Compliance Function A central, robust corporate ethics and compliance function reinforces our commitment to integrity.

Officer (CECO), who is responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining Danaher’s ethics and compliance program.

Our centralized ethics and compliance function is supported by compliance leaders and teams embedded within Danaher’s businesses.

The leadership of each of Danaher’s business platforms and of Danaher’s geographic regions conduct regular compliance reviews with their respective senior management teams to stay informed and track progress on key compliance priorities and KPIs.

In 2020, an internal team of compliance professionals evaluated our compliance program against the U.S.

Corporate Compliance Programs guidance, published in June 2020.

Leveraging DBS tools to support Danaher’s ethics that convey Danaher’s expectations and and compliance program requirements relating to ethics and compliance.

Leveraging data analytics to identify and mitigate.

Supporting platform and operating company key ethics and compliance risks compliance teams and leaders.

Developing and overseeing implementation of function to manage our anti corruption risk programs and campaigns that increase associates’ assessment and risk mitigation program.

Collaborating with Danaher’s internal audit ethical awareness.

Reporting quarterly to Danaher’s Audit Committee reporting helpline and at least annually to Danaher’s Board of Directors on Danaher’s ethics and compliance program.

Developing and implementing ethics and compliance training.

Danaher’s Code of Conduct guides our everyday actions and interactions with internal and external stakeholders and is available in 19 languages.

The Code requires all Danaher directors and associates to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, provides specific guidance with respect to particular areas of ethics and compliance, and counsels our associates on how to deal with common compliance related scenarios.

The Code encourages our directors and associates to ask questions when unsure about any ethics or compliance issue and requires them to report actual or potential violations of law, our Code of Conduct or other Danaher policy.

Finally, the Code of Conduct makes clear that Danaher will not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports a problem in good faith, nor will we tolerate retaliation against anyone for participation in an investigation.

The Speak Up call center and website are independent from Danaher and staffed by third party ethics and compliance specialists.

Speak Up is a confidential way for associates to ask questions, seek guidance and report possible violations of law or policy.

Conduct, in our offices and facilities, and on our intranet and public website.

DBS tools (particularly the Problem Solving Process) as questions if necessary and then write a summary compliance program.

We track two key metrics to appropriate to develop and implement countermeasures.

To the extent we identify a sustained and significant report.

Phone numbers are available for over 60 measure the level of trust that our associates have in countries.

Associates can also file complaints or submit the program: inquiries electronically through www.danaherintegrity.

Each year (including 2022), we target at least one Speak Up report for every 100 Danaher associates as an indication that associates feel comfortable complaints and inquiries submitted through Speak.

Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function their willingness to self identify as an indicator of tracks and oversees all reported concerns from trust and confidence in the program.

In 2021, we received and investigated over 980 reports.

Where appropriate we took disciplinary action, including coaching, changes having more than 40% of Speak Up reporters self identify each year is an indicator of the health of our program (this is an annual goal, including for 2022).

When associates use the Speak Up Helpline, we view.

Corporate Internal Audit Support Danaher has a robust corporate internal audit function tasked with validating that proper accounting and accounting related controls exist throughout Danaher.

Accounting Principles and to validate the effectiveness of the company’s internal controls over financial reporting.

Our internal audit team also coordinates with Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function to quantitatively rank our business locations from a risk perspective and develop data driven risk mitigation plans.

Well established, Danaher wide policies and programs (including the Code of Conduct) reinforce our culture of integrity within the workplace.

These include the ethics and compliance systems described in this report and, in some cases, the use of data analytics to identify and mitigate risks.

We look to industry best practices and benchmarks to track our performance against our peers.

Danaher’s ethics and compliance team works closely with the legal, human resources, internal audit, finance and other functions at all levels of our organization to monitor and help ensure ethical business practices.

People leaders have heightened responsibility to promote a culture of integrity, transparency and humility.

As part of our annual Engagement Survey, associates have the opportunity to quantitatively following our ethics and compliance policies.

Trust is one of the four Core Behaviors that guide the on the Instills Trust Core Behavior.

Managers receive annual performance reviews that are part of our P4G this feedback and create action plans to address program.

This Core Behavior emphasizes maintaining opportunities to improve.

Danaher’s core ethics and values, conducting oneself with humility and cultivating a culture of transparency.

Associates self assess and managers numerically score associate performance with respect to this element annually.

The Core Behavior score an associate receives directly impacts their compensation.

Leaders across our platforms and operating companies leverage those results to develop action plans and drive improvement, as necessary.

In general, any associate who fails to complete the required ethics and compliance training in a given year can achieve a executive career categories (the online training job categories) are required to take Code of Conduct training.

In addition, score on the Instills Trust Core Behavior of no more than 2 out of 5 (if they fail to complete one required training course) in most countries where we operate, we also require associates to certify that they have complied with the Code of or 1 out of 5 (if they fail to complete two or more required training courses).

Code of Conduct training is also provided when associates join Danaher as new hires or through acquisitions, further recognition or monetary bonuses from, or terminate, associates who do not meet our expectations with respect to and live Code of Conduct training is provided in certain cases for our shop floor and manufacturing associates.

Our culture of integrity is built and maintained by all associates, but our leaders carry an additional responsibility.

To to act ethically and how to manage the risks inherent in their job function.

In 2021, the Annual Training Program included ensure that our people leaders understand their role in building a culture of integrity, ethical leadership training is the following training courses applicable to associates in the online training job categories (specific courses assigned included in the Leadership Development Program for newly promoted mid level and senior leaders.

These sessions are are based on the associate’s role and level): facilitator led, scenario based, and rooted in real Danaher leader experiences.

Countering Bribery and Corruption Bribery and corruption are risks for all global enterprises.

Preventing, detecting and responding to these risks, as well as maintaining accurate books and records, is a critical priority for Danaher and its platforms and operating companies.

All Danaher associates must comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and all Danaher policies and processes, relating to anti bribery and anti corruption.

Our Anti Corruption Policy requires that we abide by the anti bribery and anti corruption laws of the countries in which we operate.

The Danaher Anti Corruption Policy prohibits Danaher associates and representatives from improperly making, offering, providing or authorizing the provision of anything of value to third parties to affect a decision or secure an advantage in order to obtain or retain business.

In addition, our Code of Conduct explicitly forbids facilitation payments.

The Danaher Customer Trip and Entertainment Policy of our third party sales partners, such as distributors, and Procedure sets forth the criteria that must be met through our Channel Partner Management compliance for Danaher to arrange for customer travel, including a program.

This program includes the following elements: legitimate Danaher business purpose and permissibility under applicable law and other relevant Danaher polices.

Our Channel Partner Code of Conduct articulates our.

Corruption Perceptions Index (a publicly available index that ranks countries by their perceived levels of public sector corruption), revenue by country, historical internal audit performance, business model and management input.

Assessments of ethical culture and evidence of management commitment to compliance are also key factors in determining the final risk rating of each ethics and compliance expectations and requirements of our sales channel partners.

We conduct due diligence on our third party sales partners to help ensure adherence to our Code of Conduct and reduce risk before the partner is approved to conduct business on behalf of Danaher.

Diligence is risk based and repeated at periodic intervals.

Our third party sales partners (and many of our other third party intermediaries) are required to complete our.

ABC program training, which is a condition to a Danaher operating company entering into or renewing a contract with such partner.

Danaher Gift Entertainment Policy prohibits providing drive the selection and application of anti corruption gifts and entertainment to secure business.

Danaher auditing, monitoring and risk mitigation activities across associates may not give or receive gifts and entertainment our operating companies.

The leadership of each operating as a quid pro quo for selecting a particular supplier.

Additional restrictions apply to gifts and entertainment countermeasures resulting from the ABC risk assessment.

We employ artificial intelligence to continuously.

Additionally, U.S. export control regulations are intended to ensure that certain products and technologies are not sold to actors who could use them for inappropriate purposes, and many other countries have similar laws.

Danaher has implemented a number of policies, training, and processes to mitigate risks relating to these laws.

Compliance Policy describes the types of transactions subject to export control laws globally and the processes Danaher has instituted to help ensure compliance.

It is Danaher’s policy to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations against unfair competition.

Antitrust Policy addresses compliance with the U.S. federal antitrust laws, notes activities that may lead to antitrust law violations and highlights areas where European competition law may differ from U.S. law.

In addition, Danaher requires its businesses to screen all parties to a transaction before export, using a reputable screening provider, to ensure compliance with applicable trade compliance regulations.

The countries in which we operate typically regulate how goods are imported and exported.

Worldwide Import Regulations provides guidance on these regulations and requires each operating company to implement applicable policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws.

The risk profile of our medical device portfolio differs other countries.

Our medical device manufacturing from that of many of our medical device peers.

U.S. Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) in vitro.

Regulation (QSR) and in Europe and other countries other factors, in diagnosing and treating patients.

As of April 2022, Danaher’s subsidiaries had into or applied to the human body, which may carry greater potential risk of injury to the human body.

The FDA’s risk classification of our medical devices or design products.

Of these sites, 57 are registered illustrates that with few exceptions, our medical devices with the FDA and the remaining 112 sites do not are classified as low or medium risk.

Product Identification manufacture or design medical products and are not right categorizes the FDA registered sites of Danaher’s registered with the FDA.

Centralized Compliance Standards and Controls The Danaher Code of Conduct requires that the medical devices we make and sell strictly comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

Systems (QMS) standards and controls across our medical device operating companies to drive the safety and effectiveness of these products and services.

Below are highlights of these standards and controls.

We regularly review and update our regulatory, quality and clinical affairs KPIs as needed to support continuous improvement.

KPI related goals are established annually for each medical device operating company, and we leverage our suite of DBS tools to help us meet them.

We require our medical device operating companies to regularly track and report KPIs designed to provide transparency, drive accountability, and measure the health of our Quality Management System (QMS).

Internal and external audits, including tracking and.

We regularly review and update our regulatory, quality and clinical affairs KPIs as needed to support continuous improvement.

These reviews and updates are rooted in DBS principles and leverage the expertise and perspectives of regulatory, quality and clinical affairs professionals across Danaher.

Recent updates have focused on reflecting regulatory changes around the world and seeking to ensure that our KPI’s reflect best standards recommended by industry and standard setting organizations.

Seal Sighting in Oahu, Hawaii by Jennifer Proto, Aldevron associate management, are required to participate in annual training covering compliance with CGMP and laws governing the advertising and promotion of our products.

Danaher, including its subsidiaries, participates in advertising and sales procedures.

Professional Society and the American Society for Quality.

The KPI and auditing controls described above are bolstered by CGMP specific annual training requirements.

Danaher’s Product Safety Policy articulates Danaher’s expectations and requirements with respect to the provision of safe and effective products and services.

FDA and by similar regulatory agencies in other countries.

The FDA and independent certification organizations designated by non U.S. regulatory authorities audit or inspect Danaher registered medical device sites using a risk based process, taking into account the risk profile of the products manufactured by the site.

In connection with an inspection, the FDA may issue Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters, and or consent decrees, which list conditions or practices that may indicate a violation of the FDA’s requirements.

Danaher’s goal each year (including 2022) is to have zero FDA Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters and consent decrees.

Recalls A medical device recall can include actions ranging from a labeling change or an in field correction to a partial or full removal of the product from the market, depending on the nature of the issue and the risk to public health.

Medical device recalls are typically conducted voluntarily by the manufacturer but may also be mandated by FDA.

Recalls are required to be reported to FDA if the recall was initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of applicable law caused by the device which may present a risk to health.

FDA classifies recalls as Class I (highest risk), Class II or Class III (lowest risk) based on the relative degree of health hazard posed by the recall.

The DRS supports and incorporates the medical device regulatory requirements described above and exceeds them, with the goal of driving world class reliability.

The customer defect tracking and resolution pillar leverages DBS to ensure that identified defects are successfully and quickly addressed.

Promotion Policy applies globally to all Danaher medical device and life sciences businesses.

Danaher and competitor products, avoid false, deceptive or misleading information, promote only the intended use of the product as legally authorized, and avoid off label claims.

Danaher’s Code of Conduct reinforces these requirements by mandating that we promote our medical products solely based on their approved labeling, that we sell our products through accurate and truthful communications, and that all information about our medical products be truthful, balanced and supported by data and relevant experience.

In particular, all in scope associates are trained and tested annually on the then current regulations applicable to MAPSS materials as well as content specific to the associate’s particular job function.

In addition, the MAPSS policy also requires Danaher’s corporate staff to audit all our medical device manufacturing and or design facilities for compliance with the MAPSS policy and applicable law at approximately 18 month intervals (although certain facilities may be audited more or less frequently based on status, importance to the business and audit history).

In 2021, Danaher incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims.

In Europe, we are committed to complying with the.

MedTech Europe, a European trade association for the of Ethical Business Practice as well as medical technology industry.

Other countries or regions in Asia Pacific, Latin.

HCPs receive information and training about the above trials.

Clinical trials conducted around the world by our requirements in a number of ways, including online businesses are listed on the U.S. National Institutes of and in person trainings and periodic communications.

In addition to adherence to the ethical frameworks referenced above, we require all associates who market directly to healthcare professionals to follow these Danaher policies.

Healthcare Professionals Interaction Policy: Addresses the and other online platforms to advertise and promote standards for conducting events with HCPs in attendance products and services.

Clinical Trial Conduct and Transparency Policy: Articulates.

Social Media Guidelines for FDA Regulated Operating.

Ethical Research Development Practices Danaher is committed to conducting research in an ethical and responsible manner.

The humane care and use of animals, including a we are also committed to operating according commitment to the three principles of replacement, to the Guidelines for Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and reduction and refinement and the use of Institutional.

Research Involving Human Subjects and applicable testing protocols and procedures and privacy and data protection standards.

Bioethics and the responsible use of emerging bioethical awareness within Danaher and promote ethical requirements to make information about certain registries worldwide.

SASB: HC MS 510a.2, HC BP 210a.1 technologies, including a commitment to research, safeguarding the integrity of the scientific transparency with (and listening to feedback process and protecting patients’ rights while responsibly from) our customers and other stakeholders, and identifying and addressing issues related to biotechnology consideration of risks and benefits in light of the research and development.

Danaher maintains an extensive, complex network of supplier relationships that are critical to our success.

Supplier Risk Assessment Risk Management We have a rigorous supply chain risk assessment risk billion a reach that offers us the opportunity to drive our management program that incorporates supplier financial sustainability values across a footprint far broader than our and risk data from external providers as well as Danaher direct operations.

As a result, we view our supply chain as internal data.

Key elements of the program include an extension of our own business and expect our suppliers the following: to share our values.

All Tier 1 direct material suppliers (as well as critical Tier ratings, to assess and monitor our direct and indirect third party certifications such as ISO certifications.

In believe shared values are the cornerstone of supplier.

In 2022, we anticipate particular, in scope suppliers are monitored on a real time relationships and we articulate our expectations through are scored based on their impact on Danaher’s revenues, that EcoVadis will assess and rate suppliers representing basis with respect to specific KPIs including U.S.

Global the following policies: the supplier’s financial health and any Danaher source limitations with respect to the supplied product.

Supplier Code of Conduct Sets forth the requirements.

Danaher engages a third party to continuously monitor suppliers whom Danaher’s subsidiaries have targeted for whistleblower procedure and policies on anti corruption and expectations we have of our suppliers with respect media and other publicly available data sources to growth because they offer the opportunity for a high level and bribery extent of ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certification to legal compliance and ethical business practices.

EcoVadis’ supplier coverage public reporting on energy consumption, GHG.

Sustainable Supply Chain Policy Details Danaher’s.

The monitoring encompasses dozens of risk categories, assessments and ratings address a wide range of requirements and expectations with respect to the including financial, weather related, cyber, geopolitical topics including: extension of our sustainability values across our and other risk types.

We require any supplier who exceeds a specified risk.

Conflict Minerals Policy Statement Sets forth our rules assessment score to develop and implement a risk designed to avoid the sourcing of minerals that finance management plan (RMP).

The RMP may include or benefit armed groups in the Democratic Republic of financial monitoring, business continuity planning, the Congo (DRC) or in adjoining countries.

Chain, who reports to Danaher’s Executive Vice President source limitation scores exceed a specified level to provisions and tooling assessments.

Working conditions emissions and health and safety indicators and sustainability related audits or assessments.

EcoVadis also tracks reporting from sources including media, governments, trade unions and non governmental organizations (NGOs) for evidence of developments or controversies relating to suppliers.

Plan targeting specific improvement, among other impacts.

Career management and training additional details.

Diversity, discrimination and harassment to help mitigate risk, support product quality and drive our regular basis.

Mitigating Forced Labor Risk in Our Supply Chain Danaher’s corporate trade compliance function screens Danaher’s suppliers on a quarterly basis using a tool that aggregates publicly available data and government provided information regarding suppliers who may be implicated in the use of forced labor.

While the screening tool is not necessarily comprehensive due to the fragmented nature of the available data, it is an important asset in Danaher’s efforts to mitigate the risk of forced labor in our supply chain.

System is the Supplier Quality Management (SQM) process, which applies across Danaher and its operating companies.

The iterative elements of SQM include criteria for supplier qualification and processes to measure and monitor supplier performance, implement corrective actions and improve supplier performance.

Where appropriate we provide training and other development support to improve supplier performance, which may include supplier corrective action plans, supplier development plans, DBS based improvement activities, process audits and or business reviews.

In our medical device businesses, the SQM both supports and incorporates applicable medical device regulatory requirements, including supplier audits where required.

SQM performance of its operating companies on a monthly basis.

Training and Education All Danaher procurement associates are required to complete annual training on human rights awareness, risk management and other sustainable supply chain topics, including human trafficking, labor and employment rights, employee health and safety, responsible environmental practices, anti corruption, business ethics and data and IP protection.

Suppliers to Danaher are required to commit to being or becoming conflict free (meaning they do not source conflict minerals) and sourcing only from conflict free smelters.

Conflict Minerals Reporting Template declarations detailing their commitment to becoming conflict free and documenting countries of origin for any tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold purchased.

OEM products, plastics and other petroleum based products.

Prices of oil and gas also affect our costs for freight and utilities.

Danaher purchases raw materials from many independent sources around the world.

No single supplier is significant to Danaher as a whole, although for some components that require particular specifications or regulatory or other qualifications there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide them.

Danaher utilizes a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to its supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials and qualification of multiple supply sources.

Oversees our overall risk assessment and risk management program as well as risks specifically relating to our strategy, acquisition and capital allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, organizational structure, legal and regulatory.

Together with management determines Danaher’s compliance, cybersecurity, privacy, compensation long term strategy and oversees Danaher’s policies and practices, sustainability (including strategic acquisition and integration process climate), governance, conflicts of interest and.

Oversees Danaher’s culture, management science and technology trends succession planning and development.

Evaluates the performance and sets the as a liaison, as necessary, between the independent compensation of our CEO and other executive officers directors and the management directors.

Nominating and Governance Committee each consist financial reporting, compliance with legal and entirely of independent directors.

Diversity is a critical dimension of our focus on Board or, in some cases, by a third party search firm.

Our Board actively manages Board composition knowledge, experiences and backgrounds appropriate and refreshment.

Using our Board skills matrix as a to the company’s needs, and as a result it takes into guide as well as the results of our annual Board and account racial ethnic, gender, age and national origin committee self assessment process, the Nominating diversity when considering director nominees.

Our Board’s current composition demonstrates the D I consideration areas of background and expertise progress we have achieved.

The table to the right illustrates with the fresh perspectives and new domain expertise the diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds that can come from adding new directors.

We have represented on our Board (as of August 1, 2022).

A refers to Asian, B refers to Black C refers to Caucasian (other than Middle Eastern or North African descent) M refers to Middle Eastern descent N refers to North African descent.

Committee, our Board maintains and annually reviews both a long term succession plan and emergency succession plan for the CEO position.

The foundation of the long term CEO succession planning process is a CEO development model consisting of three dimensions: critical experiences, leadership capabilities and personal characteristics traits.

Board uses the development model as a guide in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating candidates for the CEO and other executive positions at the Board’s annual talent review and succession planning session.

At the annual session, the Board evaluates and compares candidates using the development model, and reviews each candidate’s development actions, progress and performance over time.

Board dinners and lunches, through Board meeting presentations and at the Company’s annual leadership conference.

Managing Potential Conflicts of Interest Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and, if appropriate, approves related person transactions prior to consummation.

Related person transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed annually by the Committee.

While risk taking is essential to growing a business, we recognize that prudent risk management is necessary to deliver long term, sustainable shareholder value.

Our annual Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is the key management program that underpins our risk oversight function.

The goal of our ERM program is to comprehensively inventory and mitigate key risks across all of Danaher’s platforms and operating companies.

The risk data collected is used to support effective business decision making and assess risk reward tradeoffs.

It also gives our leadership visibility into key existing and emerging business risks and countermeasures and enables us to mitigate risks as dictated by our risk reward assessment.

As a result, Danaher and its operating companies are able to build better, more resilient businesses supported by a risk based approach.

Enterprise Risk Management Methodology At the beginning of the annual ERM process, our corporate risk management function communicates the key elements of the ERM program to our platforms and operating companies, highlighting any year over year changes.

An inventory and classification of key risk areas and key risk topics.

A methodology for scoring risks based on the risk’s probability, severity and velocity of impact, and for trending key risks.

A framework for developing countermeasures for key risks.

A process for assigning responsibility and deadlines for the implementation of countermeasures, and re assessing such risks following implementation of the applicable countermeasures.

A timeline for collection and synthesis of the risk assessment data and reporting of key risks and countermeasures to the Danaher Risk Committee and the Danaher Board of Directors.

Diminution in Business Diminution in Business Regulatory Risk Regulatory Risk Sovereign Political Risk Sovereign Political Risk.

Loss of Intellectual Property Loss of Intellectual Property Catastrophic Loss Risk Catastrophic Loss Risk Competition for Talent Competition for Talent.

Product Supply Disruption Product Supply Disruption Climate Change Risk Climate Change Risk.

Supplier Risk Supplier Risk Business Continuity Risk Business Continuity Risk strategic, financial and accounting, compliance and in formation technology security.

The list to the right includes examples of the types of risks we assess in each of the five pillars.

Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations Risk of Violations of FCPA Global Anti Corruption Laws, Risk of Violations of FCPA Global Anti Corruption Laws,.

Competition or Antitrust Laws Competition or Antitrust Laws Import and Export Practices Risk Import and Export Practices Risk.

Accounting Irregularities Accounting Irregularities Segregation of Duties Segregation of Duties GAAP IFRS Irregularities GAAP IFRS Irregularities.

Cyber Security Threats Cyber Security Threats Infrastructure Risk Infrastructure Risk Disaster Recovery Planning Disaster Recovery Planning.

Each operating company assesses its respective risks using the prescribed methodology and communicates the results to its respective platform risk committee.

ERM program lies in the autonomy we give our operating companies to think broadly about the risks they face and determine how best to mitigate them.

We know that those who are closest to gemba are best positioned to identify and mitigate our most significant risks.

Committee oversee those efforts, with emphasis on our most significant risks.

ERM specific DBS tools, including an action plan template and a methodology for identifying fundamental elements, establishing the jumping off point and tracking planned vs. actual improvements each month.

Danaher’s General Counsel Chief Financial Of cer Chief Accounting Of cer Head of Internal Audit Deputy General Counsel Chief Ethics and Compliance Of cer.

We believe cybersecurity is the responsibility of every associate.

We regularly educate and share best practices with our associates to raise awareness of cyber threats.

Every year, all associates in scope for products, data and systems that effectively supports the Annual Training Program are required to take our business objectives and customer needs.

We also conduct monthly layered approach that reflects industry best practice.

We take measures to regularly improve and update our expectations and requirements with respect to cybersecurity program, including independent program acceptable use, risk management, data privacy, assessments, penetration testing and scanning of our education and awareness, security incident systems for vulnerabilities.

The policy sets forth a detailed security cyber risk management governance and the status incident management and reporting protocol, with of projects to strengthen cybersecurity effectiveness.

We also updated our disclosure controls and regularly conduct exercises to help ensure its and procedures to specifically address cybersecurity effectiveness and our overall preparedness.

With our global physical footprint, a key climate.

This of our 2021 revenues, with further scope expansion planned for 2023.

In addition, in line with the TCFD recommendations.

The program would also require identification (and of this process in our annual sustainability report.

Political Involvement Policy We believe in the right of associates to participate in the political process.

We encourage our associates to be active in charitable and political activities on their own time and at their own expense.

In all communications, associates must make clear that political views and actions are their own and.

Associates may never use Danaher resources to contribute to, support or oppose any political.

Supervisors should not solicit direct or indirect reports to contribute to, support or oppose any political party or candidate.

Associates may never make a charitable or political contribution with the intent to improperly influence someone.

Trade Industry Associations Danaher belongs to and pays dues to certain U.S. trade and industry associations.

Our policy is that each association may use no more than 25,000 of Danaher’s dues in any calendar year for political purposes.

Revenue Code any ballot measure or any public communication that expressly advocates the election or defeat of a political candidate ( political purposes ).

Important Information About This Report Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this report are forward looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal to update or revise any forward looking statement, company such as Danaher.

The energy usage and GHG emissions metrics are whether as a result of new information, future events report (other than audited financial data) are good based on available activity data of fuel consumed on and developments or otherwise.

Please note that the inclusion of information in this report.

We expect our data collection systems to evolve and operation of Danaher owned or leased vehicles and is not an indication that such information is necessarily we seek to continually improve our processes for aircraft.

Danaher’s non energy consumption GHG material as defined under the U.S. federal securities laws collecting and disclosing accurate, meaningful and emissions, such as refrigerant releases and process air securities laws.

All statements other than historical and the applicable regulations thereunder.

In this report, we describe certain products and devices.

We define regulated and hazardous waste as wastes.

Forward looking statements are based on assumptions that have applications submitted and pending for respect to the metrics and goals included in this Report that are deemed regulated by national legislation and assessments made by our management in light of certain regulatory approvals and or are available only in relating to energy, GHG emissions, water and waste regulations.

The 2019, 2020, and 2021 environmental metrics current conditions, expected future developments.

Any trademarks, product names or brand images appearing.

Danaher locations owned or leased from January 1, reflect adjustments made to account for changes in and other factors.

Forward looking statements are not herein are the property of their respective owners.

We refer to developing markets as high growth markets operational control and accounted for approximately factors used, including location based emissions and may differ materially from the results, developments in our SEC filings and in this report and define them.

Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward looking of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and and aircraft owned or leased by Danaher during 2021.

As a participant of the United Nations (UN) Global infrastructure, which include Eastern Europe, the Middle.

Compact, Danaher is committed to aligning our statements.

Unless otherwise noted, all data in this report is as not collected, we accounted for such locations by anti corruption.

This report serves as our UN Global envisaged in our forward looking statements are of September 1, 2022 and is limited to continuing linear extrapolation.

All financial information in this report is environmental impact metrics are normalized is limited and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Unless otherwise noted, all to continuing operations and also excludes revenue statements included in this report speak only as of the financial data in this report refers to the 2021 fiscal year.

Uncertainties are inherent in collecting data from applicable year, to promote comparability.

Guidelines, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards, been provided.

Reporting standards are denoted on the bottom of each page the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the of this report and in this Reporting Frameworks Index.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).

At Danaher’s annual meeting of shareholders in May 2022, approximately 94% of the votes cast were in favor of the say on pay proposal.

Disclose the organization’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities.

Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.

Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses and manages climate related risks.

Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material.

Goal 4 Quality Education Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.

In September 2022, Danaher announced a new 2032 goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50.4% (on an absolute basis) compared to 2021 levels.

This new goal supersedes the company's prior intensity based GHG and energy reduction targets.

Notes to Sustainability ESG Data Summary Unless otherwise indicated, all data presented is as of December 31 of the referenced year,.

Total Recordable Incident Rate is defined as the number of work related injuries or illness unless the nature of the metric is such that it covers the entire year.

Certain components cases serious enough to require treatment beyond first aid, per 100 associates.

A dash indicates that the particular metric is not provided for the indicated time period (or in the case of Goals, that there is no public goal with respect to.

Days Away, Restricted or Transferred is defined as the number of work related injuries or such metric).

Danaher completed its disposition of its Envista business on December 18, 2019.

Under FDA Registered Sites of Danaher’s Subsidiaries , sites are classified according to.

Representation, Health and Safety Performance and Code of Conduct all include the highest risk device produced at the site.

All data under the category Diversity Representation includes full time and part time associates.

Black director and directors of Middle Eastern, North African and Asian descent.

The four racially ethnically diverse members of Danaher’s Board of Directors include a.

Executives Senior Leaders, Managers and Individual Contributors are mutually exclusive categories and are the three highest level categories we use to classify all full time and part time associates.