This report illustrates how we bring our mission of enabling growth and economic progress to life through our business.

We focus on issues that we have determined to be of material1 importance from an environmental, social and governance (ESG) perspective, which is a broader standard than that used in our financial disclosures.

For more information, see A Note on Materiality and Forward Looking Statements.

When preparing this report, we referenced the Global Reporting Initiative Universal Standards, the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures framework, relevant sector standards from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, the Principles for Responsible Banking and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights framework (see related indexes).

This report complements information published in our 2022 Annual Report, our 2022 Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures Report: Citi’s Approach to Climate Change and Net Zero and our Environmental and Social Policy Framework.

We are committed to transparency in ESG reporting, and we are working to continually improve our reporting as industry best practices evolve.

We have redesigned and streamlined our ESG report this year to help stakeholders identify the most decision useful information, while maintaining consistency and transparency in our year over year data.

All reporting and performance data are limited to information for the owned and operated facilities of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless stated otherwise.

Additional information about Citi can be found on our website.

Because of our global network, Citi is in a unique position to lead on critical business and economic issues and help our clients tackle the challenges before them.

In every aspect of this work, we are acting with urgency and holding ourselves accountable for getting it done.

I invite you to read the following report and learn more about how we’re fortifying our business and helping our clients and communities do the same.

Whether it’s the drive to net zero, expanding financial inclusion, or investments in local infrastructure, we are backing up our commit ments with action and measurable results and positioning Citi for a new era of success.

We are living through a period defined by unprecedented change.

Every company I know is continually assessing its strategies, because it is abundantly clear that the geopolitical, social, environmental and technological devel opments of the next decade will have impacts for generations to come.

At Citi, helping our clients navigate the challenges and embrace the opportunities of our rapidly changing world is fundamental to our mission of enabling growth and economic progress.

Importantly, it’s also vital to our own business and central to how we deliver for our clients and help them sustain their businesses for the future.

Partnership between the public and private sectors is essential, and addressing the thorniest economic challenges requires a balancing act between competing needs and economic realities.

We often find that the path of progress runs through the middle.

Nowhere is that more true than for the energy transition.

On the one hand, we must continue to support our clients who make sure there is an ample and affordable energy supply to meet the world’s needs.

On the other hand, we are also enabling the investment that’s critical to the transition to a low carbon economy.

That includes advising and financing our clients in their decarbonization journeys, investing in necessary climate technologies and ameliorating the workforce impact by catalyzing the creation of green collar jobs.

Simply put, the energy transition, energy security and economic growth are not mutually exclusive and must be tackled simultaneously.

Sustainable finance goes to the heart of our firm’s long term interests.

By investing in the health of the communities where we do business, we can ensure that these communities will allow us to continue operating there in the future.

Since 2020, we have now financed and facilitated 348.5 billion in environmental and social finance activity, putting us well down the path to meeting our 1 trillion sustainable finance goal by 2030.

This financing has been directed toward myriad opportunities in commu nities across the world, including supporting microfinance in Peru, financing community solar projects in the United States, financing access to clean water and sanitation in Brazil, and helping expand access to healthcare in India and increase food security in Nigeria.

Here in the U.S., we are putting our balance sheet to work to lift up local communities.

For the 13th year running, we’ve been the number one affordable housing lender in the U.S., financing approximately 6 billion in projects in 2022 alone.

We also more than tripled our initial commitment to the Citi Impact Fund to 500 million so we can provide capital to startups, many of them led by diverse founders, that are focused on the double bottom line by driving positive social and financial impact.

Expanding access to banking is also important to Citi’s continued success.

Last year, we became the first of the largest U.S. banks to eliminate overdraft fees and returned item fees for our customers.

Through our Action for Racial Equity initiative in the U.S., we’ve stepped up our partnerships with minority owned depository institutions (MDIs) that can help increase economic mobility in the most underserved communities.

We recently created a first of its kind Diverse Financial Institutions Group to lead our engagement with MDIs, diverse broker dealers and asset managers.

These initiatives are not separate from what we do day to day they are enduring commitments embedded in our business.

Within our own walls, we are committed to creating a company that reflects the diverse communities we serve.

This ensures that we have a multitude of perspectives to truly understand our clients’ challenges and opportunities and help them prosper.

It also gives us a competitive edge in the talent market and helps us attract and retain the best talent from all backgrounds.

To that end, we have set new and more inclusive aspirational goals to increase underrepresented groups in the more senior levels of the firm, as well as establishing the first aspirational recruiting goal by a major U.S. bank for LGBTQ early career hires globally.

We have exceeded the three year representation goals we set in 2018 to increase the percentages of women in the firm globally and Black talent in the U.S. We also continue to champion pay equity in our industry by annually publishing the pay gap between men and women globally and U.S. minorities and U.S. non minorities.

Citi’s mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress.

Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients.

As a global financial institution, Citi connects millions of people across countries and cities worldwide.

For over 200 years, we have been helping our clients to meet some of the world’s toughest challenges and embrace its greatest opportunities.

Our commitments, considerations and priorities around environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues are part of our business model and central to our mission.

While initially developed by the investment community, the term ESG has a variety of meanings today, reflecting our rapidly changing global society.

At Citi, we have identified our ESG priorities in line with our business priorities.

We engage on environmental and social issues from a business risk and opportunity perspective.

Our governance fundamentals contribute to the strength and performance of our company.

We believe that effective management of our ESG priorities helps to improve business resiliency, risk mitigation and value generation.

The same is true for our clients, with whom we partner to support and finance their key ESG objectives.

With this approach in mind, we have identified ESG priorities related to climate change sustainable finance strengthening commu nities racial equity and employee diversity, equity inclusion, as discussed below and throughout this report.

In 2022, we made progress on advancing diversity, equity inclusion (DEI) throughout our firm, exceeded our aspirational diversity representation goals for 2018 and set new, more inclusive goals for 2025.

We continued to spend 1 billion annually with certified diverse suppliers and completed an external audit of our Action for Racial Equity.

We also continued to progress our net zero finance and operations commitments.

In 2022, we financed and facilitated an additional 123.5 billion toward our goal of 1 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030, putting us more than a third of the way to our goal.

We again met our goal of sourcing 100% of our operational energy use from renewable sources.

We remain committed to sharing our progress and learning along this journey as transparency and accountability are keys to our success.

Many of our business units have expanded their capacity and capabilities to serve the evolving needs of our clients.

Across the firm, our teams are prepared to support and work with our clients, services and products in support of their ESG strategies and related goals.

We have ESG specialists in Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory Services, Global Markets, Treasury and Trade Solutions and Citi Global Wealth.

In addition to creating ESG specialist teams across our businesses, we have restructured some teams and business units to respond to the growing opportunities in the sustainability and energy transition spaces.

In 2021, we created our Natural Resources and Clean Energy Transition group that pulled together the energy, power and chemicals businesses.

We have more recently built out our Clean Energy Transitions team to equip us to provide advisory services and capital solutions for companies developing energy transition technologies.

And as important, we are building capacity through internal presentations, town halls and training pilots for industry banking and risk teams, so that our bankers are equipped to engage with clients on their ESG priorities and how Citi can help to support their ambitions.

Some highlights of our approach for 2022 include: Expanding and realigning our Climate.

Building out our Clean Energy Transitions team (formed in 2021 and expanded in 2022 to include Corporate Banking), which focuses on providing advisory services and raising capital for companies developing energy transition technologies.

Launching two climate training pilots for our Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory Risk Management and Global Functions teams, involving virtual and in person sessions providing foundational knowledge of climate and sustainability and assessment of climate transition plans.

We constantly strive to ensure Citi remains a great place to work where people can thrive professionally and personally.

Our commitment to DEI is seen throughout our business, including Citi and the Citi Foundation’s Action for Racial Equity initiative to help address the racial wealth gap.

Our Chief Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DEI) Officer and Global Head of Talent oversees our efforts to promote DEI in the workplace.

Reporting to the Global Head of Human Resources, the Chief DEI Officer and Global Head of Talent works in partnership with senior management, particularly members of the Executive Management Team, who co chair our Inclusion Networks.

Some highlights of our approach for 2022 include: Exceeding the aspirational representation goals we initially set in 2018 and expanding our goals through 2025 to be more inclusive and more global so that Citi better reflects the communities we serve.

Continuing to make progress on closing the raw pay gap for women globally as well as for U.S. minorities.

Expanding mental health and well being offerings to support our colleagues around the world.

Continuing the enterprise wide rollout of unconscious bias training and making inclusive leadership training available for managers.

Community Investing and Development (CID) is an integrated team that works across businesses and functions at Citi to catalyze positive social impact in communities around the world.

CID comprises the following teams: Citi Impact Fund, which invests in.

Citi Social Finance, which works across Citi businesses globally to expand financial inclusion and accelerate access to basic services in emerging markets.

U.S. Community and Business Engagement, which manages relationships with advocacy and consumer protection organizations to gain insights into issues affecting low and moderate income communities and communities of color.

Community Relations, which catalyzes economic opportunity and financial access by engaging and partnering with local community leaders and organizations across the Citi footprint.

The Citi Foundation is a separate legal entity funded by Citi to organize flagship community programming in three areas: youth economic opportunities, financial inclusion and community solutions.

Underlying our approach is the notion that complex societal challenges require multifaceted solutions.

We strive to share our expertise with, and learn from, our partners and stakeholders about ways we can enhance impact.

Good governance is a fundamental principle at Citi, and we strive to be at the leading edge of best practices.

We strive to report on our activities with accuracy and transparency and comply with the laws, rules and regulations that govern our businesses.

Our corporate governance structures, policies and processes promote a culture of accountability and ethical conduct across our firm.

The Citi Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of our work to identify, assess and integrate ESG and sustainability related risks and opportunities throughout Citi, including our climate related work and talent and DEI efforts.

The Board receives reports from key personnel on our progress and key issues on a periodic basis.

Standing committees of our Board include: Audit Committee Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee.

In addition to oversight by the full Board, the Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee oversees the company’s ESG activity, including reviewing our policies and programs for sustainability, climate change, human rights, diversity and other ESG matters, as well as advising on engagement with external stakeholders.

For more information on the roles and responsibilities of this committee, see the Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee charter.

The Audit Committee has oversight over the controls and procedures related to Citi group level ESG and climate related reporting.

See the Audit Committee charter for more information on the roles and responsibilities of this committee.

The Risk Management Committee provides oversight of and reviews key risk policies, including those related to environmental, social and climate risk.

For more information on the roles and responsibilities of this committee, see the Risk Management Committee charter.

Although not a standing committee of the Board, the Transformation Oversight Committee provides oversight of management’s remediation of the issues identified in the October 2020 consent orders with the Federal Reserve Board and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

The changes being made through the Transformation process will continue to improve our overall governance processes.

The Global ESG Council provides a senior management forum for oversight of our ESG commitments and priorities.

In 2022, the Council reviewed sustainable finance progress, climate data governance, updates on progress toward our net zero operations goal and our sector target setting process for emissions reductions in our lending portfolio.

Council members also oversaw our progress on workforce DEI representation goals and our Action for Racial Equity external audit results.

In 2022, we expanded oversight by our Board of Directors and codified alignment of ESG issues to certain Board Committees, such as our Net Zero Plan, climate risk management and the controls and processes around climate and ESG disclosures.

We work to maintain the public’s trust by adhering to the highest standards of ethical conduct.

We ask our colleagues to ensure that their decisions pass three tests: they are in our clients’ interests, create economic value and are always systemically responsible.

When we do these things well, we make a positive financial and social impact in the communities we serve.

Ethics and responsible business practices are among the most material ESG issues for Citi and our stakeholders.

The Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee oversees the incentive compen sation structure for senior management at Citi, as well as management’s efforts to foster and support the desired culture and promote ethical decision making within the organization.

The committee also oversees efforts to promote diversity and inclusion in the workplace in hiring, retention and staff development practices at Citi.

To learn more about the responsibilities of the committee, see the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee charter.

The Ethics and Culture section of this report provides more information about efforts to encourage a culture of ethics at Citi.

ESG related goals are incorporated into a number of executive scorecards, which aggregate key elements of performance management tied to the determination of incentive compensation for these executives.

Diversity, equity inclusion, including repre sentation of women and U.S. Black colleagues at the Assistant Vice President to Managing Director levels, continue to be included in scorecards for our senior executives.

Citi also incorporates shareholder and stakeholder input on executive pay into our Compensation Philosophy.

Executive scorecards for certain members of executive management and other senior managers include progress on our Net Zero Plan and target setting, our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal and climate risk management.

Specifically, driving the delivery of sustainable finance under our 1 trillion goal is included in the scorecard for our CEO.

Developing a net zero operations plan is on the scorecard of our Head of Enterprise Services and Public Affairs.

Developing and operationalizing our Net Zero Plan for our financing and 2030 targets are also on the scorecard of the CEO of the Institutional Clients Group (ICG), Head of Enterprise Operations Technology, Chief Risk Officer and Global Co Heads of Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory (BCMA).

In 2022, we conducted a materiality assessment to identify our most relevant (or material ) reporting topics from an ESG perspective which is a broader standard than the one used in our financial disclosures.

These topics, which were identified based on internal stakeholder interviews and external research, are provided in the material issues table below.

Our materiality assessment incorporated a double materiality approach, meaning that it focused on understanding topics that could represent risks and opportunities to Citi, as well as topics through which Citi may have impacts on external stakeholders, society, the environment and or the economy.

The ESG topics identified, which we refer to as material ESG issues throughout this report, inform which issues we report on, which issues we consider raising to our Board of Directors and how we establish our ESG priorities.

The results of this assessment are generally consistent with our previous materiality assessment, undertaken in 2020.

They reflect the ongoing importance of issues connected to climate change diversity and social justice and business ethics and governance.

For more information, see A Note on Materiality and Forward Looking Statements.

A dot indicates that, based on our analysis, this issue is important to and could potentially impact the stakeholder.

Citi embraces a culture of openness and inclusivity.

We incorporate the interests of a wide array of stakeholders into our business.

We believe this sharing of knowledge and resources can help us provide the best services and products for our clients and support the long term resiliency of our business.

We consistently hold ourselves accountable to our commitments and are transparent with our stakeholders about the progress we are making.

This table includes examples of our recent stakeholder engagement efforts.

Meetings to share our ESG performance and to understand our clients’ approaches to climate change as well as managing environmental and social risks.

Social media, including our Customer Service Twitter handle ( AskCiti).

Supported clients in financing or facilitating environmental and social finance activities, including those that are counted toward our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal.

Engaged with our clients to discuss how they evaluate carbon intensive assets and discuss approaches to environmental, social and climate risk management, giving consideration to transparency and their overall decarbonization strategies.

Developed a Net Zero Review Template to aid engagement efforts with clients to better understand their climate strategies, beginning with the Energy and Power sectors.

Specialized websites, including our Communities website.

Served as a founding member of the 2X Collaborative, a newly established organization designed to help.

Collaboration with community organizations and NGOs on issues mobilize gender focused investments and capital for women’s empowerment relevant to their organizations and our business.

Held annual Citi Global Community Day Reimagined 2022, with more than 56,000 volunteer engagements.

Dialogue sessions with community advocates and leaders, civil rights and consumer protection organizations.

Employee volunteering events across 84 countries and territories.

The Citi Foundation provides grants and works with local and national.

The Citi Foundation supported Living Cities, a collaborative of the largest philanthropic foundations in the community organizations.

Featured stories on the Citi internal intranet and blogs from Citi senior executives, employees and partners,.

Citi Blog highlighting our progress on ESG priorities.

Launched the Citi Green Champions Network, our updated Green Teams program, to support global employee engagement and promote awareness of Citi sustainability initiatives.

Hosted in person and virtual events for Citi Inclusion Networks in recognition of various heritage months, days and observances.

Provided managers with trainings and toolkit resources on inclusive leadership.

Meetings, briefings, letters, conference calls, hearings, industry associ ation events, public policy forums, public conferences and convenings.

Submitted comment letters on the SEC’s proposed climate disclosure rule and the the Basel Committee on.

Membership on government councils and committees and industry association boards.

Became a founding member of the Biden Harris administration’s Economic Opportunity Coalition, which aims to catalyze and align public and private investments to address economic disparities and accelerate economic opportunity in underserved communities in the U.S.

Head of Community Investing and Development is a member of the Federal Insurance Depository Corporation.

Participated in working groups for Just Energy Transition Partnerships (JETP) in Indonesia and Vietnam.

Group calls and meetings (quarterly earnings calls, conferences and.

Held Fall ESG investor roadshow to discuss our ESG related performance.

Participated on panels at ESG related conferences, discussing our sustainable debt issuance, climate.

One on one meetings to discuss financial performance and ESG issues strategy and cultural transformation.

Communications through our Investor Relations and Corporate.

Added a new ESG section to the Investor Relations website.

Industry groups, roundtables, workshops and events.

Participated in a working group facilitated by RMI, formerly Rocky Mountain Institute, to design and develop the Sustainable STEEL Principles (SSP), a solution for measuring and disclosing the climate alignment of steel lending portfolios with 1.5 C climate targets.

Meetings, calls, conferences and workshops, Best Practice Speaker.

Advanced a Supplier Diversity Mentor Prot g program.

Hosted Doing Business with Citi supplier best practices event in LATAM in conjunction with WEConnect.

Supported the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) Centers of Excellence Certificate Program.

Awarded New York New Jersey Minority Supplier Development Council (NYNJMSDC) National Corporation of the Year.

We continue to make progress toward our goal of reaching 1 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030, which is compatible with the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

From mobilizing financing to schools in Peru and lending to smallholder farmers in Nigeria, to advancing renewable energy in the Middle East, supporting the global shift toward electric vehicles and helping to ease the affordable housing crisis in the U.S., this goal reflects our environmental and social priorities across our businesses.

Over the past three years, we are proud to have financed and facilitated 348.5 billion toward our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, which includes green bonds, social and sustainable bonds, sustainability linked loans and sustainability focused mergers and acquisitions.

The transactions that are counted toward the 1 trillion goal include environmental solutions to further accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy, such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean technology and green buildings to the circular economy, water quality and conservation, sustainable transportation and sustainable agriculture and land use.

To help address critical social issues, our goal includes financing in education, affordable housing and basic infrastructure, healthcare, economic inclusion and food security.

Our unique mix of global and local expertise across a wide range of industries means that we are able to meet our clients where they are and help them to advance their sustainable development efforts.

For activity that we finance or facilitate to count toward the 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, it must meet at least one of the environmental or social finance criteria.

These criteria are informed by evolving external standards.

An eligible transaction may meet multiple criteria, but it is counted only once toward our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal.

Because of the inter connected nature of sustainable finance, we see a number of transactions that deliver both environmental and social benefits.

We track our sustainable finance activities using third party financial league table credit, where applicable.

The industry league tables track public financial activities and rank financial institutions based on their role (e.g., lead arranger, book runner) in each transaction.

When arranging financial products or structures for which there are no league tables, we count the amount that reflects our firm’s financial involvement in the deal.

Beyond counting the financial credit, we also calculate the estimated environmental and social impacts associated with a subset of activities where feasible, such as greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions avoided, renewable energy capacity added, jobs supported and people served.

We take a conservative approach in esti mating impacts, including only deal activity for which reasonable methodologies and data sources are available, and excluding deals for which we have limited transparency and details.

We consider impact measure ment an area of ongoing education and improvement.

The global market for sustainable finance has expanded rapidly over the last few years, as investors and companies recognize the role that the financial services sector can play in financing and facilitating projects that support clients’ transitions to a more sustainable, socially responsible, low carbon economy.

We continue to advance our goal for sustainable finance across a wide range of products and services.

These include sustainable debt issuances such as thematic green bonds, social bonds and sustainability bonds, as well as sustainability linked loans and bonds that are tied to ESG performance municipal bonds with use of proceeds directed toward environ mental and social benefits sustainable supply chain finance sustainability focused lending and investments and financing and advisory services to help companies achieve their net zero strategies.

For continued discussion of our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, see page 17.

Our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal aims to further the transition to a sustainable, equitable, low carbon economy that supports society’s environmental, social and economic needs.

Compatible with the UN SDGs, we announced the goal in 2021 with the intention to reach it through a combination of environmental and social finance activities.

As the world’s most global bank, Citi can help mobilize capital to advance progress toward the goals.

Figures may not sum to total, or in some cases, may appear as zero, due to rounding.

Figures for prior years may differ from previous reporting due to updated league table data and subsequently identified eligible transactions.

Denotes activities falling under multiple environmental or social criteria, including green or social bond transactions where the issuer’s framework comprises multiple eligible categories.

Affordable Housing includes, but is not limited to, projects financed through our U.S. community capital affordable housing lending business.

Refers to transactions that met both environmental and social finance criteria.

The reporting on our progress toward our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal includes measuring the estimated environmental and social impacts associated with contributing sustainable finance activities financed and facilitated by Citi, where feasible.

Our impact measurement methodologies align with our financial tracking approach for the goal, reporting our share of the impacts proportional the bank’s financial share of the transaction.

Estimated impact figures are based on available data from the project or client.

For financed or facilitated activities where it was unfeasible to estimate impact due to limited data availability, impacts have not been included.

For microfinance lending, basic infrastructure, home solar systems and other social purposes, the number of people impacted typically equals the total number of jobs supported where data was sufficient.

Other social purposes includes provision of cellphones, clean carbon cookstoves and access to telecoms or other basic services.

Avoided GHG emissions are the amount of GHG emissions avoided because of our share of financing for relevant projects.

This is calculated by applying regional electric grid factors to the bank’s share of financing across three types of activities, including a low carbon source replacing energy use from the grid, energy efficiency upgrades and certified (e.g., LEED) green housing units.

Impacts reflect the per annum benefit, as opposed to the benefit over entire project life.

For renewable energy projects, total project capacity for energy is calculated as the annual capacity factor applied to the total project size per annum and multiplied by the CO2 emissions factor.

For energy efficiency upgrades, the average household energy savings is calculated as the average household energy use multiplied by the percentage of energy savings per thousand U.S. dollars invested.

The result is multiplied by the total financing (e.g., warehouse) value and the CO2 emissions factor.

For green buildings, the average household energy savings is equal to the average energy use of a non LEED certified building multiplied by the percentage of energy savings by a LEED certified building.

The result is multiplied by the number of square feet and the per square foot CO2 emissions factor.

Renewable energy capacity added refers to the size of new renewable energy capacity installed as a result of our share of renewable energy project financings.

People impacted refers to the direct number of people benefiting from the use of Citi financed lending activities or underwritten financing proceeds for small businesses, renewable energy and energy efficiency projects, affordable housing, and underwritten municipal bond proceeds for transit, water, utility, economic development and education projects.

For microfinance, smallholder farmer, basic digital device and other social purpose lending activities in emerging markets, people impacted is equivalent to the number of entrepreneurs, small farm holders and individuals receiving loans as self reported by Citi clients.

For larger telecoms providing access to households, people impacted refers to households enabled with digital access by the client in the country supported by Citi financing.

For renewable energy projects and energy efficiency finance, people impacted is equivalent to the number of people whose annual energy usage is supplied by the project.

Estimated renewable energy generation annually due to Citi financing is divided by average energy consumption per capita in the country of the project, to estimate the number of people impacted.

For affordable housing, the number of people impacted is calculated using external reference data on average household size multiplied by the number of housing units constructed.

For municipal bond financing related to education projects, people impacted is estimated as the number of enrolled school children benefiting from new or repaired school buildings or purchases of equipment.

External education data on average student enrollment by school, and the number of schools benefiting from funding as stated in issuance documents, was used for this calculation.

For municipal bond financing related to water utility improvement, people impacted is estimated as the share of a municipality’s population benefiting from improved utility facilities, and for financing related to economic development, people impacted refers to the number of individuals directly benefiting from the expansion of new public buildings.

Direct jobs supported refers to the number of jobs supported by the uses of Citi financed lending or underwritten municipal bond proceeds.

Jobs supported are related to the bank’s share of new financing for the projects.

For microfinance lending, jobs supported are equal to the number of entrepreneurs and smallholder farmers that received loans.

For projects involving new construction or maintenance and repair of affordable housing units, renewable energy generation, schools, transit or water systems in the U.S., jobs supported are calculated as Citi financed expenditures divided by output per worker, supplied by the IMPLAN economic modeling system.

For projects involving renewable energy generation in locations outside the U.S., external data is used to estimate the share of project cost involving installation (labor), and this is divided by average compensation of workers in the country, to estimate the number of jobs supported.

Our 2022 progress toward the 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal was partially reflective of current market conditions.

As seen in the reporting on page 14, sustainable finance goal activities from the M A and debt capital markets businesses declined year over year, contributing to the overall decline in annual progress compared to 2021.

We are seeing consistent sustainable finance activity that meets multiple sustainability criteria and blurs the lines between environ mental and social impact.

These transactions illustrate the interrelated areas of impact in sustainable finance.

Moreover, while we are seeing consistent volumes in the pure play social finance space, we are seeing more demand for blended finance instruments, as well as increasing focus on energy transition.

We will continue to closely monitor the social finance market and identify opportunities.

Overall, we remain committed to advancing sustainable finance activity and staying on track to achieve our target of financing and facilitating 1 trillion by 2030.

Delivering on our sustainable finance goal is an integrated effort across our organization.

Many Citi business units including Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory Global Markets Citi Global Wealth, Trade and Treasury Solutions Citi Community Capital and Citi Commercial Bank are dedicated to delivering products and services that can contribute to our sustainable finance goal.

In recent years, we have also created teams such as the Sustainability and Corporate Transitions team, which engages with our clients to support their low carbon transition efforts the Clean Energy Transitions team, which provides advisory services and raises capital for companies developing energy transition technologies and we also continue to expand and deepen the scope of the Citi Social Finance team, which partners with business units across Citi to help drive innovative efforts on social finance activities in emerging markets.

For additional information on how our teams engage with clients on their sustainability and transition journeys, see Low Carbon Transition and Social Finance.

Sustainable Bond Market Well Positioned Despite General Slowdown in Bond Financings (March 13, 2023), White Case, https: debtexplorer.

ESG%20Flows%20and%20Markets_Nov Dec.%202022_v1.pdf.

From water and climate change to electric vehicles and agriculture, Citi Global Perspectives Solutions explores the challenges and solutions on the path toward achieving the Sustainable Development Goals.

A cumulative total of 125 trillion in capital investment is needed for the global economy to reach net zero by 2050.

Food insecurity continues to impact almost a third of the global population, and a sustainable, long term solution for global food security is not possible without also tackling climate change, which has significant impacts on food production.

This report examines a range of economic and political challenges, within and among countries, that continue to impact the reliance on fossil fuels and the global energy transition.

The global food system agriculture and food production collectively is responsible for one third of human induced global greenhouse gas emissions.

Citi GPS analyzes four potential solutions to reduce emissions.

To make progress towards poverty reduction, we need to consider ways to mobilize more investors and businesses to adopt this goal.

Over the past year, we have helped expand access to energy by bringing solar and battery storage projects online and increase access to healthcare, education, clean water and other basic infrastructure.

The following are examples of finance transactions from 2022 that contributed to the 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal.

Renewable Energy Financing Renewable Energy in the U.S.

In December 2022, Citi provided AES Clean Energy with financing to fund the construction and operation of the Great Cove solar photovoltaic projects located in Fulton and Franklin Counties, Pennsylvania.

Great Cove is comprised of two projects expected to begin commercial operations in 2023 and 2024, and together will provide a total of 220 MWAC in renewable energy capacity.

Output from the solar projects will be supplied to the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League institution and leading research university in the U.S.

Since 2016, Citi has supported and provided several financings for AES Clean Energy, which has a diversified operating portfolio of wind, solar and storage projects across the U.S.

In March 2022, Citi supported the World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, IBRD) in issuing a 150 million first of its kind, outcome based Wildlife Conservation Bond (WCB) that contributes to protecting and increasing black rhino populations in two protected areas in South Africa, the Addo Elephant National Park and the Great Fish River Nature Reserve, by providing conservation investment payments to the two parks in lieu of coupon payments to investors.

Rhinos are considered an umbrella species, which play a crucial role in shaping entire ecosystems on which countless other species depend.

As a World Bank Sustainable Development Bond, the WCB combined a use of proceeds bond, which supports the financing of sustainable projects in World Bank countries, with an outcome based mechanism that provides a return to investors if the project succeeds.

The innovative transaction structure created the opportunity for bond market investors to engage directly in a conservation project, supported by quan tifiable metrics and models.

In January 2022, Citi successfully priced a 700.8 million Benchmark Green 144A RegS project bond offering on behalf of Sweihan PV Power Company (SPPC).

Citi acted as lead global coordinator and joint lead manager on this offering.

SPPC owns and operates the Noor Abu Dhabi solar photovoltaic power project, the world’s largest operating single site solar PV project.

Noor Abu Dhabi will result in 9 million metric tons of CO2 savings during 2020 2030.

Emirates Water Electricity Company, 100% indirectly owned by the government of Abu Dhabi, acts as the sole offtaker under a 30 year fixed price power purchase agreement.

The bond was the first green project bond issued in the Middle East and North Africa region.

Babban Gona, which means Great Farm in the Hausa language, is a mission driven agricultural services company that seeks to create opportunities for underemployed young people through jobs and training in agriculture opportunities that have helped to support stability in rural communities.

The loan is part of Scaling Enterprise, a Citi partnership with the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation and the Ford Foundation that enables early stage financing in local currency to companies that expand access to products and services for low income communities in emerging markets.6 By increasing lending to Babban Gona’s smallholder farmers, our financing is expected to enable them to increase their farming income by an average of 200% per hectare.

For the majority of consumers in emerging markets, the cost of smart phones is prohibitive.

All too often, this means smartphones, and the economic benefits they provide, are out of reach.

The fintech company PayJoy enables individuals with limited credit history to access smart phones, while paying in installments and building their formal credit record.

In 2022, Citi extended 100 million in financing to PayJoy to help increase digital connectivity and financial inclusion for underserved people in Mexico.

This builds on Citi Ventures’ 2021 venture capital investment in PayJoy.

To help increase access to high quality education, Citi loaned 20 million to Innova Schools to build and renovate schools in Peru.

Innova Schools has 63 schools in 17 cities in Peru, serving approximately 50,000 students.

Citi is engaged in sustainable finance across the globe.

The examples that follow recognize the critical importance of supporting sustainable development in middle and lower income markets, as well as projects in developed economies.

We finance and facilitate sustainable activities to support the needs of people and communities around the world.

The aggregate contribution of these activ ities toward our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, broken down by region, is provided below.

Additional data related to our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal can be found earlier in this chapter.

Our goal to finance and facilitate activ ities that accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy is a core element of our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance by 2030 Goal and our pledge to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for our financing by 2050.

We believe robust client engagement across sectors is essential for the global economy to reach net zero emissions.

To that end, we are working collaboratively with our clients in decarbonizing and helping them in their transitions.

We are already engaging with numerous clients on their climate exposure profiles.

We are discussing the specifics of clients’ transition plans, including pathways to achieve those plans and the metrics they are using to assess their progress.

We are also discussing capital expenditure requirements to achieve their plans and how they are allocating capital to achieve their low carbon business models.

We will continue our engagement with clients to understand their transition plans in greater detail as those plans evolve, and help them in their strategies to realize opportunities inherent in transitioning to a low carbon world.

Climate change is a top of mind issue for our company and for many of our clients.

To support our clients’ needs, we continue to expand our expertise, services and products across our business to offer strategic sustainability and ESG services and solutions.

We offer customized products and services to support clients in their transition to more sustainable business models and practices to help facilitate progress toward a low carbon future.

We have reorganized our businesses across the firm, with dedicated teams working on the low carbon transition.

The table at right illustrates the ways we have integrated support for our clients in achieving their low carbon transition efforts across our organization.

The NRCET team drives client engagement efforts in the Energy, Power, Chemicals and Clean Energy Transition sectors.

This team of corporate and investment bankers brings deep knowledge of these sectors, the challenges they face and the transformative opportunities open to them.

The SCT team engages with clients at the C suite and senior levels, across all sectors, to support the transition of their businesses to a more sustainable, net zero and nature positive future.

The team also engages with mature and early stage companies that are developing new technologies, innovations and sustainable business models.

The SCT team provides solutions to clients including strategic advice, M A advisory, equity and debt capital markets services, and corporate banking solutions.

Sustainable DCM Loans has technical expertise on green, social and sustainability use of proceeds debt financing, as well as sustainability linked bonds (SLB) loans (SLL).

The team works with debt capital markets loans origination teams as well as industry bankers to originate sustainable issuance and structure sustainable debt frameworks on behalf of clients around the world.

The Sustainable DCM team also advises Citi Treasury on our own sustainable debt programs.

Global Markets’ dedicated ESG team works with clients to understand their ESG priorities and challenges to develop new solutions across fixed income, commodities, securitized products and sustainable real assets, in addition to a full range of solutions in equities and energy transition.

Markets also works with Citi research and product teams to deliver thought leadership to clients to help integrate and execute their ESG strategies.

Our TTS team supports clients in understanding how ESG can impact liquidity and working capital management decisions.

Our Sustainable Supply Chain Finance program rewards sustainable suppliers and incentivizes non performing suppliers, helping clients improve their supply chain resilience.

We also support Export Agency Finance loans for development projects, partnering with development banks and export credit agencies.

Sustainable Time Deposits and Sustainable Minimum Maturity Time Deposits enable clients to indirectly facilitate investment in environment and social projects.

Clients may also invest in a range of third party Money Market Funds that have been identified by their providers as having ESG relevant investment strategies.

In 2022, EMEA TTS introduced a recycled plastic cards program for corporate card customers using 85% recycled industrial waste.

Through its Investing with Purpose approach, Citi Global Wealth offers managed opportunities, alter native investments and tailored exposure to capital markets to help clients pursue their financial and sustainable investment objectives.

It also provides opportunities for private clients to invest alongside our firm’s institutional clients in capital markets transactions, such as energy transition solutions.

Its offering encompasses four approaches that seek varied sustainability outcomes: Socially Responsible, ESG Integration, Thematic and Impact.

Citi Commercial Bank takes a client centric approach to supporting mid sized companies on a decarbonization journey, catalyzing sustainable financing and offering advisory services to companies amid rising stakeholder expectations on sustainability.

CCB supports growing sustainability focused companies as they look to scale their businesses across the globe, develop solutions and navigate changing business environments.

CCB also plays a key role in facilitating and originating social finance.

In fact, for 13 consecutive years, Citi has been the No.

At Citi, being a leader in the affordable housing industry does not just mean making debt and equity capital available to expand the U.S. affordable housing supply it also means being an innovator and market leader.

Over the past several years, we have worked with our clients to find new ways to lower the cost of building housing and to increase the supply of housing for our most vulnerable populations.

For example, Citi was among the first banks to provide construction loans to projects using modular, or factory built, housing.

The recent expansion of Citi Social Finance builds on our 15 plus year track record of developing new business models and partnerships, leveraging market based approaches to help improve the livelihoods of low income communities around the world.

This work, which is focused on supporting emerging markets, is complemented by our social finance activities in higher income countries.

Examples include our work to finance affordable housing projects in the U.S. and to underwrite bonds that help advance a range of social solutions.

As part of our social finance focus, we are aiming to invest in opportunities for 15 million low income households globally, including 10 million women, by 2025.

In 2022, Citi provided more than 2.5 million households, including nearly 1 million women, with access to essential goods and services in emerging markets.

Addressing societal challenges through social financing activities is a central part of our 1 Trillion Goal for Sustainable Finance by 2030.

This includes financing activities that support access to affordable basic infrastructure, affordable housing, diversity and equity, economic inclusion, education, food security and healthcare.

Billions of people around the world lack access to basic necessities clean water, education, electricity, financial products, housing and medicine which significantly hampers their economic progress and social growth.

Our Social Finance team helps to meet our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal by working across Citi businesses globally to develop scalable business platforms and client solutions that enable the bank, our clients and partners to expand financial inclusion, accelerate access to basic services, boost job creation and scale social infrastructure development in emerging markets.

Supporting affordable housing is an important element of our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal.

We focus on financing affordable housing in low and moderate income urban and suburban areas in an effort to ease the affordable housing crisis in the U.S. We offer a range of housing finance solutions, including construction lending, tax credit equity and permanent financing through our balance sheet.

Citi Community Capital, the bank unit through which we finance all types of affordable housing and community development projects, reported approximately 6 billion of lending to finance affordable rental housing projects in 2022.

When we consider the risks and opportunities related to climate change, we apply a double materiality perspective, looking at both the impact of climate change on our business and the impact of our business on the climate.

Our business is exposed to numerous climate risks given our role as one of the largest financiers of the global economy, including carbon intensive industries.

This means that as we address and mitigate risks, we must consider how we will protect and strengthen our business while transitioning to a low carbon economy.

We prioritize consistent reporting about our progress and approach in relation to climate risk and have disclosed climate related metrics and targets for our environmental finance activities and our operations for well over a decade.

Our reporting includes our strategic approach, our use of voluntary global standards and frameworks, and the continued evolution of our Environmental and Social Risk Management (ESRM) Policy in response to the changing risk landscape.

Citi has committed to achieving net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050, in alignment with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and prevailing climate science.

Reducing financed emissions1 is widely recog nized as the most significant contribution the financial industry can have to achieving a low carbon economy.

Our Net Zero Plan includes interim financed emissions reduction targets, which we aim to achieve by 2030.

In 2021, we set 2030 emissions reduction targets for two sectors and followed that with four more in 2022, covering a total of six of our loan portfolios to date.

For our own operations, we are targeting net zero GHG emissions by 2030.

We provide more detailed climate related disclosures in our 2022 Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report: Citi’s Approach to Climate Change and Net Zero.

The report is informed by the TCFD recommendations across the four pillars of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.

It describes how Citi identifies and manages climate related financial risks and opportunities, and it provides an update on progress toward our net zero commitment, including additional details about our interim 2030 emissions reduction targets.

Our 2022 TCFD Report is our fourth stand alone TCFD report since 2018, when we were the first major U.S. bank to publish a TCFD report.

Citi is a member of multiple voluntary industry groups that enhance our understanding of and ability to act on climate related issues.

Robust disclosure is an important aspect of our net zero commitment.

During preparation of our 2022 TCFD Report, Citi referred to the voluntary GFANZ Finan cial Institution Net zero Transition Plans: Fundamentals, Recommendations, and Guidance report.

For more information, see Appendix A of our 2022 TCFD Report.

Our climate risk and net zero work are related and reinforce each other.

Whereas our climate risk work focuses on the identification, measurement and management of key risks arising from climate change, our net zero work focuses on our impacts on the climate and achieving our net zero emissions reduction targets, which also help reduce risk.

There are common links between the two workstreams.

For example, both rely on common data elements such as GHG emissions and a better understanding of our clients’ climate change mitigation and or adaptation plans.

Additionally, risk management tools can help us achieve our net zero goals, and our Net Zero Plan can drive risk mitigation, particularly for credit, strategic and reputational risk.

Our commitment to net zero is significant, given the size and breadth of our portfolios and businesses.

To achieve it, we engage with new and existing clients at varying stages of transformation in their strategies and goals, as they navigate the transition to a low carbon economy.

We have developed a Net Zero Review Template to aid us in this process.

Energy is one sector where transition consider ations are particularly complex.

The expected shift away from fossil fuels globally, in pursuit of renewable and alternative energy, will have a significant effect on clients in carbon intensive sectors including coal mining, power gener ation and certain segments of the energy sector.

The financial services sector can play a signif icant role helping to enable low carbon business models.

As a global bank with exposure to many carbon intensive segments of the economy, and as a top lender to the energy sector in particular, Citi has an opportunity and a responsibility to support our clients in their transition.

As such, client engagement and transition are a key component of our net zero commitment.

Our philosophy is to meet our clients where they are and help them identify areas where they can decarbonize.

We are seeing interesting developments among the largest integrated oil and gas companies, which are investing in technologies that leverage their current technical expertise and capabil ities, ranging from offshore wind development, to biofuels, to hydrogen, to carbon removal technology.

Other clients, however, have less ability today to branch out from oil and gas production, and instead are focusing on decarbonizing their operations.

Although we acknowledge that operational Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions are a fraction of the Scope 3 GHG emissions from the combustion of oil and gas, we also believe that any efforts to decarbonize today for example by increasing operational efficiency or decreasing methane emissions amount to real GHG emissions reductions and climate benefits, and provide some clients with a foothold to make progress and potentially identify further opportunities for decarbonization.

Since the announcement of our net zero commitment in 2020, we have established 2030 interim targets for the following six loan portfolios.

The targets were developed with reference to the UN Environment Programme Finance Initiative’s Guidelines for Climate Target Setting for Banks.

With each sector that we bring into our Net Zero Plan, we lean on what we have learned from the other sectors, including the methodologies and metrics used and the client engagement tools we have developed.

As we make progress, we also continue to expand our climate related resources.

An overview of our Net Zero Plan, including our approach to governance, implementation strategies and engagement, is outlined in the graphic below.

Each of the elements of our Net Zero Plan portrayed in the graphic above is discussed in more detail in our 2022 TCFD Report.

See page 7 of that report for a graphic with links to more information.

The graphic below provides an update on our expected timeline and indicates the stages we will move through as we work toward achievement of our interim 2030 targets.

We intend to use a combination of approaches, focused on the key areas outlined below.

New sectors include Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining.

We are continuing to focus on client engagement as a critical step in the implementation of our Net Zero Plan.

One of our ongoing engagement priorities is to identify clients with high emissions footprints and engage in climate related discussions, such as emissions reduction plans.

To aid these efforts, we are piloting a Net Zero Review Template.

This assessment identifies gaps and provides a roadmap for prioritizing engagement where it is most needed.

The Template uses some of the same inputs as our Climate Risk Assessment Scorecard (CRAS), including absolute emissions and emissions intensity data, as well as disclosed targets and the climate score output from our CRAS.

The Template also includes questions about clients’ decarbonization plans, including factors such as governance, scope (what emissions categories are included), capital expenditure plans and asset retirement schedules (where available applicable), among others.

The results of this analysis will help to guide our strategy and prioritization for client engagement.

During 2022, we began piloting this tool for our Energy and Power portfolios, and we plan to have Net Zero Review Templates for additional sectors as we set more interim emissions reduction targets.

The PCAF methodology informs our calculation of absolute financed emissions.

We calculate absolute financed emissions metrics in two ways: Committed funds: the capital available to a client for a certain use.

Outstanding funds: the funds actually drawn down on such available credit (per PCAF Standard) transition evolves.

We will continue to be trans parent about the impacts of the data lag while moving forward with our climate commitments.

For the purposes of understanding our absolute financed emissions, forward looking emissions management and establishing absolute and intensity targets for applicable sectors, we rely on the first of these approaches: total committed exposure.

This more accurately reflects the maximum amount that Citi has agreed to finance for clients, although we provide both metrics for transparency.

Obtaining more reliable and actionable climate data continues to be a challenge, and we have been supportive of regulatory developments to ensure more consistent, comparable and reliable climate disclosures.

At the time of the analysis disclosed in this report, the data available for calculating financed emissions and emissions intensity and measuring progress was nearly two years old.

For example, the baseline metrics for the 2030 targets we set for the Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining sectors were developed using 2020 emissions data, which was the most recent data available at the time we began the analysis.

This lag time means our metrics are based on out of date data, and may delay our ability to confirm progress against our interim targets in a timely fashion.

We hope that the data will improve as consistency develops in disclosures of key environmental metrics, and that as the lag is reduced we will be able to more accurately present progress against our 2030 targets closer to the target year.

As disclosed regarding our approach to net zero, after calculating our baseline, we assess an appropriate metric (absolute or intensity) and benchmark against sector relevant scenarios to set targets.

For more information on metric selection, please see our 2022 TCFD Report.

Last year, we reported on our initial Net Zero Plan for our Energy and Power portfolios, including baseline financed emissions and interim 2030 reduction targets for the two sectors.

The table below provides an update on our progress during the first year following the establishment of those targets.

There are a number of contributors to fluctua tions in financed emissions from year to year, including credit exposure, the company value (Enterprise Value Including Cash EVIC for public companies, Debt and Equity for private companies), and the company emissions.

We saw these dynamics play out last year, particularly in the Energy sector, where the data mismatch between high, 2021 year end energy company valuation and decreased, 2020 production and emissions resulted in lower financed emissions figures for 2021.

In an effort to adjust for one of these superficial drivers, we have tested a proposed PCAF EVIC adjustment method (intended for asset managers’ portfolios) to create a normalized metric by calculating an adjustment factor based on the portfolio EVIC fluctuation.

Additional detail about our progress related to these sectors is available in our 2022 TCFD Report.

Adjusting for EVIC fluctuations, the normalized result is 113.8 million mt CO2e.

Reducing Climate Risk in Our Financing normalized energy financed emissions footprint is 113.8 million mt CO2e.

As there is no recog nized method for normalizing this fluctuation, this year we disclosed this adjusted metric to acknowledge that these calculations, heavily based on estimation, will go through a large degree of refinement over the coming years.

We will continue to monitor methodologies, including any forthcoming PCAF guidance, to normalize these fluctuations.

As we continue to refine our data and metrics, we will maintain transparency and continue to assess appropriate pathways to stay aligned with our net zero commitment.

Building on the work we have done for our Energy and Power portfolios, in 2022, we expanded our efforts to establish interim 2030 reduction targets for our Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining portfolios (see table to the right).

More information about the analysis we conducted to establish these targets, including scenario selection and the scope and boundaries of the targets, is available in our 2022 TCFD Report.

In 2023 and 2024, we will conduct further analysis to facilitate target setting for the Aluminum, Agriculture, Aviation, Cement and Shipping sectors.

Citi participated in a working group facil itated by the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) to design and develop the Sustainable STEEL Principles (SSP) the first climate aligned voluntary framework for lenders measuring emissions in the steel industry and the related methodology.

Released in 2022, the SSP provide banks with a common measurement and disclosure framework to finance the steel industry on its path to net zero carbon emissions.

The SSP methodology calculates emis sions intensity at the asset level within a fixed system boundary.

It separates the production of steel into two categories, each with its own unique emissions reduction pathway: ore based (mined) and scrap based (recycled).

We used the SSP methodology to aid with setting the scope, boundaries and targets for our Net Zero Plan for the Steel sector, setting a single emissions intensity target for the sector that accommodates the differen tiated decarbonization pathways for primary and secondary steel producers represented by a Climate Alignment Score.

The following table includes an overview of all the sectors for which we have established 2030 emissions reduction targets as of the end of 2022.

We established targets for our Energy and Power portfolios in 2021 (progress update included on the previous page) and introduced targets for the other four sectors in 2022.

Within North America only, excluding Citi Community Capital portfolio.

Note: Updates to improve data quality of the baseline numbers may result in changes to these targets.

Our Risk Management function is responsible for identifying, measuring, managing, controlling and reporting risks to the company.

Citi continues to view climate risk as a crosscutting risk under our Enterprise Risk Management Framework, which can manifest in each of the risk categories in our risk taxonomy: Credit, Market, Liquidity, Strategic, Operational, Compliance and Reputation.

This year, we finished development of a Climate Risk Management Framework (CRMF), which will promote a globally consistent approach to managing climate risk across Citi.

We are working to embed the CRMF into risk management processes across the bank, as well as relevant policies and standards.

In 2022, our climate governance structure continued to evolve as we advanced our Net Zero Plan and made progress on our climate goals.

Expanded our Board of Directors’ oversight by incorporating oversight for our climate disclosure risk and controls environment into the charter for the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee and climate risk oversight into the charter for the Risk Management Committee.

Expanded our Climate Risk team and realigned it to be part of the Enterprise Risk Management Function.

Expanded our Clean Energy Transitions team to include Corporate Banking.

Established a Head of Net Zero Operations to provide leadership and expertise for our net zero operations commitment.

Achieving our goals and managing risk requires continual learning and development in the climate space.

In 2022, we launched two climate related training pilots for our Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory Risk Management and Global Functions teams.

The training involved virtual and in person workshops focused on providing founda tional knowledge of sustainability, climate risks and assessment of client transition plans.

For more information about our climate related training, see our 2022 TCFD Report.

The following climate change governance diagram illustrates our governance structure as of April 2023.

For more about our governance related to climate risk, see our 2022 TCFD Report.

Citi is a founding signatory of the Poseidon Principles, which establish a framework for assessing and disclosing the climate alignment of ship finance portfolios.

As a part of our commitment, we have disclosed our climate alignment score since 2019.

These disclosures are published alongside those of other signatories in an annual report published on the Poseidon Principles website.

Our most recent alignment score, based on 2021 data, illustrates slightly less alignment, up to 12.2% from 11.7% (a higher score represents greater misalignment with the Principles).

Our score was impacted by our clients’ operational priorities as well as the residual impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic, in particular the effect of port congestion and demand in the container sector, as well as the tentative resumption of the cruise industry in 2021.

The cruise segment represented 6.3% of our total alignment score of 12.2%.

Our cargo alignment score was also impacted in 2021 due to the significant tonnage demand increase in dry cargo, as well as the pre existing issues in the container sector.

Most of the misalignment relates to three individual client situations in which COVID 19 driven operational issues during 2021 are unlikely to have been repeated in 2022.

We therefore expect improvement in next year’s report for our 2022 total alignment score.

The availability and quality of climate related data: As discussed elsewhere in this section, our reliance on data that is based on estimated or unverified figures makes precision difficult and creates challenges for many of our climate related activities, including scenario analysis, setting emissions reduction targets, tracking progress and providing clear year over year comparisons of data.

We are engaged with leading data vendors and industry groups in an effort to rapidly improve overall data quality, and there are several efforts underway within Citi to improve the quality of the data we rely on.

In addition, we have processes and working groups across the firm focused on data quality and governance.

We will continue to advance our data improvement work in parallel with our decarbonization efforts, with the intention of incorporating additional insights as they become available.

Transition obstacles faced by developing countries: Less robust socioeconomic insti tutional capacity constrains implementation of low carbon transition pathways across emerging markets.

In addition, developing countries often have more limited capacity to transition, due to unequal and challenged access to climate finance.

They also frequently lack the investment capital necessary to fund adaptation and mitigation solutions, including renewable energy and technology driven clean energy alternatives.

Increased regulatory requirements and lack of harmonization: For example, the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) has proposed a rule the Enhancement and Standardization of Climate Related Disclosures for Investors that would require registrants (including Citi) to include certain climate related information in SEC filings.

We have provided comments on the proposed rule, showing support for the overall goal and identifying some areas of concern.

In addition, Europe is rapidly expanding requirements, including the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive.

Between these two frameworks, there are differences in the topics to be disclosed, the level of detail required and the materiality thresholds to apply.

Such issues increase the complexity of our disclosure processes.

Integrating climate risk into our policies and sector standards provides the foundation for consistently identifying and managing climate related risks across our company.

Since 2015, our ESRM Policy has included approaches to financing clients involved in coal mining or coal power.

In addition, our most recent 2022 updates to address the climate related impacts from beef and soy production in sensitive ecoregions of Latin America are discussed in the Environmental and Social Risk Management section.

Citi aims to understand the transition and physical risks that we and our clients are exposed to by conducting climate scenario analysis, measuring the GHG emissions associated with our financing portfolio and evaluating portfolio decarbonization pathways.

In 2022, we measured progress against our 2030 emissions reduction targets for our Energy and Power loan portfolios and established new 2030 targets for four additional sectors.

To help Citi understand the climate risk profiles of our individual corporate clients, we have developed the CRAS: an assessment and scorecard for climate risk.

Using both quantitative and qualitative metrics, this scorecard will help us engage with clients on the most material climate risks they face and their management plans for adaptation and mitigation of those risks.

As of the end of 2022, the CRAS has been piloted across multiple sectors, including Energy and Power.

Results from the scorecard serve as inputs into the Net Zero Review Template, and we are working to embed the CRAS into our risk management processes to help inform our decision making moving forward.

More information about our CRAS tool is available in our 2022 TCFD Report.

Citi uses climate risk scenario analysis, including stress testing, to assess the potential impact of climate related risk drivers on our risk profile across a range of plausible climate re lated pathways.

See our 2022 TCFD Report for a discussion of our most recent climate scenario analyses.

We continue to make prog ress reducing our financing for thermal coal mining and coal fired power genera tion.

For more information about our related policy commitments, see our 2022 TCFD Report and our Environmental and Social Policy Framework.

This figure has been updated as part of a facility level data review exercise that identified a few facilities that were excluded from the originally reported exposure.

We set goals to reduce our operational footprint and integrate sustainable practices across Citi.

This builds on more than two decades of measuring and reducing the impact of our global operations and a history of prioritizing healthy facilities for our customers and employees.

We began reporting on our direct operational impacts in 2002.

With this report, we are disclosing progress against our 2025 opera tional footprint goals through year end 2022.

These goals are aligned with a pathway to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 C and cover greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, energy use, water consumption, waste reduction and diversion, and sustainable building design.

Working toward these goals also helps us make progress toward our net zero commitment for Citi operations.

We focus on sourcing renewable electricity from within the same market boundary as our facilities and from our local utilities.

When these two options are not practical, we source renewable electricity from nearby markets.

Our aim is to move toward additional local sourcing or on site generation as it becomes feasible.

In addition, as Citi employees return to the office, the majority are transitioning to a hybrid work model, which includes working remotely up to two days a week.

As a result, facility related resource consumption, waste generation and GHG emissions were lower than they otherwise would have been.

We recognize that some of these impacts were shifted to employees’ homes and other non Citi facilities.

As a result of having fewer people using Citi buildings, our progress for 2022 indicates that we exceeded some of our goals during the year.

That trend could briefly reverse in the coming years, as our employees continue to return to the office and transition to our new work model, before progressing again toward meeting our goals.

Maintaining 100% renewable electricity is one of our 2025 operational footprint goals, and it is a key driver in helping us meet our net zero commitment for our operations.

With our global footprint, it can be challenging to source renewable electricity consistently, especially with the current volatility in global energy markets.

Our commitment to achieve net zero GHG emis sions by 2050 includes both our financing and our own operations.

For our operations, we are targeting net zero emissions by 2030.

Our emissions reduction efforts and renewable electricity use put us well on the path to net zero for our operations.

Challenges remain in addressing the direct emissions from the diesel generators we use for backup power and the natural gas we use for the heat and power system at our global headquarters and, to a lesser extent, for heating and cooking across our global oper ations.

Addressing these emissions will require a combination of electrification, low carbon alternative fuels and carbon removals for hard to abate emissions.

In 2022, we expanded our GHG screening inven tory to include Scope 3 emissions associated with our supply chain and our employee activities (i.e., business travel, commuting and working from home) from 2019 through 2021.

This GHG screening inventory is available in our 2022 Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report.

Limitations in data availability and quality continue to require the use of spend based and industry average emissions factors and limit our ability to make decisions about low or no carbon alternatives.

To that end, we have updated our Statement of Supplier Principles, and we encourage our suppliers to track and report emissions.

We hope this will help us identify opportunities for engagement with suppliers.

Additionally, our zero carbon ready building principles and our ongoing work to achieve our 2025 operational footprint goals, which include targets for reducing GHG emissions and energy consumption for our operations, help support our net zero commitment.

In 2022, Citi purchased voluntary third party verified carbon credits consisting of a portfolio of nature based, energy efficiency and methane destruction credits in an amount equivalent to our Scope 1 direct GHG emissions.

We will continue prioritizing emissions reductions from our operations and plan to rebalance the carbon credit portfolio mix to use only removal credits as we near our 2030 operational target.

Whether undertaking new construction or renovating existing buildings, we prioritize health, efficiency and sustainability, to enhance wellness and minimize the environ mental impact of our facilities worldwide.

We accomplish this through a variety of programs and initiatives, including: A goal to have 40% of our facilities (by floor area) LEED , WELL or equivalent certified by 2025.

Alignment with the health and safety standards needed for WELL certification.

An ambition for all new buildings to be zero carbon ready by 2030.

Installation of on site renewable energy generation.

Additional initiatives and improvements to conserve energy, reduce water consumption and minimize waste.

In 2022, in alignment with our commitment to healthy buildings, we undertook an analysis of all Citi locations to evaluate the policies and procedures we already have in place, with an aim to strategically expand wellness initia tives through building design and operations.

We also seek building certifications from the International WELL Building Institute and participate in WELL rating and benchmarking programs.

In recognition of how important it is to design buildings for employee well being, we have included WELL certification as an aspect of our sustainable building goal for 2025.

Our use of renewable electricity at our Tampa facility illustrates our strategic approach to priori tize on site generation where possible, followed by local sourcing as needed.

In 2022, we began purchasing locally generated solar power for the majority of the building’s electricity needs.

Our One Bay East facility features on site renewable electricity and was awarded WELL Platinum and LEED Platinum certifications.

Sustainability wellness features: On site renewable electricity generation through a hybrid electrical and thermal.

We have renovated and relocated our operations, that were formerly in Gray, Tennessee, to our new facility in Johnson City.

This renovation aligns with our zero carbon ready principles, which address operational and embodied carbon emissions, inclusive of energy use, energy supply, integration with utilities and material use.

A tight building seal to improve energy efficiency and thermal comfort.

Improved energy efficiency through the use of heat pump water heaters, a variable refrigerant flow system and a dedicated outdoor air system.

Use of Green e Renewable Energy Certif icates to offset 100% of electricity use on the five campus buildings in conjunction with roof replacement.

We will continue to purchase electricity from local, renewable sources for this site’s remaining energy needs.

In addition, a 2022 renovation of the facility included several features that promote wellness and sustainability and will contribute to LEED certification.

Low flow plumbing fixtures expected to reduce water consumption by 36% (250,000 gallons annually).

Improved indoor air quality due to increased ventilation and the use of low emitting and low toxicity building materials.

Design that increases natural daylight and views of nature energy rooftop system, providing both solar electricity and solar water heating for the site.

Improved indoor air quality through increased ventilation, an air disinfection system and ongoing monitoring.

Centralized waste management for recycling, as well as upcycling of food waste and coffee grounds.

Green cleaning, using products and methods designed to preserve human health and environmental quality.

An on site fitness center for employees, and cafeteria options that encourage healthy food and beverage choices.

In 2022, we renewed our WELL Health Safety rating for all Citi facilities globally, indicating that our buildings are safe and healthy environments.

We also continued our participation in the WELL at Scale Program (previously the WELL Portfolio Program), a benchmarking program for measuring and improving organizational health performance across facilities.

In addition, we formalized our commitment to diversity, inclusion and universal design by enrolling in the WELL Equity Rating and expanding our team’s capacity in this area.

Wellness features: Health Safety seal: Communicates to occupants and visitors that evidence based measures and best practices for health and safety have been adopted and third party verified by WELL.

WELL at Scale: Annual portfolio assess ment based on work to support and enhance the health and well being of employees and customers of these platforms for their daily interactions.

As many of our employees return to the office at least a few days a week, we are relying on the efficiency efforts we had in place before the pandemic.

For instance, we provide U.S. based employees pretax dollars to cover the cost of commuting by subway, bus, train, ferry and vanpool.

We also offer bike storage and bike racks at several facilities and sponsor bike share programs, known as the Citi Bike Program, in New York City, Jersey City and Miami.

At our car park in the Citigroup Centre in London, we offer a dozen charging stations for those driving electric vehicles.

In addition, the introduction of remote and hybrid work models for our employees should significantly cut down on emissions related to employee commuting.

Due to our global scale, we often need to meet with clients, partners, teams and other stake holders across the world.

To build awareness of how business travel impacts our carbon footprint, our colleagues are able to see the emissions data related to their air travel when they book travel reservations.

For many years, we have encouraged employees to use video and web conferencing technologies rather than traveling, whenever possible.

In 2022, Citi launched the Green Champions Network, with 41 teams around the world, focused on engaging in sustainability related activities in their communities.

The Green Champions hosted an Earth Day Challenge in 2022, featuring tasks to enable more sustainable living at work and at home.

Additional Champions groups within our businesses focus on monitoring opportu nities and sharing sustainability news with their departments.

Managing Climate Risk in Our Operations might be required, we engaged a global insurer and climate modeling firm to use catastrophe models to develop a baseline understanding of our current risks and then apply future climate scenarios to evaluate the potential changes in physical damage risk.

This kind of modeling and analysis helps us better understand and monitor the risks our facilities could be exposed to due to climate related weather events.

Because Citi operates in nearly 100 countries, our facilities could potentially be exposed to a range of climate related risks.

To increase our resiliency, we have invested in climate adaptation solutions in a number of critical facilities.

In addition, our crisis management team has developed action plans to address immediate risks and support our employees and customers before, during and after adverse events.

Our business continuity team also has plans in place to help Citi resume business operations as quickly as possible in the aftermath of an extreme climate event.

Our Location and Realty Services (LRS), Crisis Management and Business Continuity teams help us to monitor, prepare for and respond to extreme weather events or other disruptions to our operations.

In addition, LRS conducts due diligence for each proposed new location and reassesses the properties’ structural resilience periodically, based on risk and following signif icant events.

These assessments take internal Citi standards, as well as local and international codes, into account.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions: Included in this ESG report and in our CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) response.

We follow the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and Scope 2 Guidance for measuring and reporting both market based and location based Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions.

Scope 3 CO2 emissions: Air and train business travel included in this ESG report our 2021 Scope 3 GHG screening inventory, associated with employee activity and our supply chain, is reported in our 2022 TCFD Report.

Assurance: GHG emissions and environ mental data for operations and business travel are verified and assured by SGS, a leading third party inspection, verifica tion, testing and certification company.

Note: Figures may not sum to totals due to rounding.

Note: Figures may not sum to totals due to rounding.

Certified total includes EDGE projects in Latin America and Mexico.

This is based on the active buildings in the portfolio as of year end 2022, and excludes projects for inactive and disposed buildings.

Note: Figures may not sum to totals due to rounding.

Note: Historical data can vary from year to year due to changes in operational control as a result of acquisitions and dispositions of businesses.

Historical adjustments are not made as a result of organic growth or decline for businesses remaining under operational control.

Note: Figures may not sum to totals due to rounding.

Note: Historical data can vary from year to year due to changes in operational control as a result of acquisitions and dispositions of businesses.

Historical adjustments are not made as a result of organic growth or decline for businesses remaining under operational control.

Headcount is the number of occupants assigned to operating buildings for the purpose of occupancy and use monitoring.

The values differ from global workforce data and the 10 K due to variations caused by telecommuters and non employees.

At Citi, we believe we have a role to play in addressing the inequities facing our global society to help build thriving, resilient, equitable and inclusive communities for generations to come.

We invest in reaching underserved markets improving financial security, access to basic human necessities and affordable housing and enabling economic mobility and progress in communities we serve around the world.

We continue to focus on our work to help advance economic opportunity and address social challenges using the breadth of the firm’s business capabilities, expertise and volunteers, as well as the Citi Foundation’s philanthropy.

Throughout 2022, Citi and the Citi Foundation invested in communities around the world, through the following key programs and activities:1 Furthered our social finance efforts as part of our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal by 2030.

Continued to invest in a broad suite of initiatives designed to help close the racial wealth gap in the U.S. through Citi and the Citi Foundation’s Action for Racial Equity commitment.

The fund contributes to our 1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal by making equity investments in companies that address societal challenges.

Sustained our commitment to affordable housing in the U.S.

Expanded efforts to strengthen the nongov ernmental organization (NGO) sector through the Citi Foundation’s strategic philanthropy.

Fulfilled the Citi Foundation’s Pathways to Progress commitment to connect young people to training and workplace experiences.

Responded swiftly to major natural disasters and humanitarian crises around the world.

In the past year, we have taken steps to enhance and expand how we work internally to strengthen external impact.

We have also extended our work with development finance institutions, impact investors and private sector clients.

As for our volunteer efforts and direct engagement opportunities, we are embracing a return to in person events as the world recovers from COVID 19.

In addition, the Citi Foundation is charting a new path with an evolved global giving strategy that prioritizes innovation and equity.

In 2022, Citi and the Citi Foundation continued to advance Action for Racial Equity, a commitment that galvanizes activity across the firm and with external organizations to help close the racial wealth gap and increase economic mobility in the U.S.

This included investing in strategic initiatives to provide greater access to banking and credit in communities of color, increasing investment in Black owned businesses, expanding affordable housing and homeownership among Black Americans, and advancing anti racist practices in our own company and in the financial services industry.

We initially launched Action for Racial Equity in September 2020, and have already exceeded our aggregate financial commitment of 1.1 billion deployed through strategic initiatives.

However, we know there is still work to be done, and we must work collectively to take further action within our firm and for the clients and commu nities we serve.

Consistent with our commitment to transparency, we conducted a third party racial equity audit to assess the design and implementation of Action for Racial Equity as a response to the racial wealth gap in the U.S.

Covington Burling LLP, a firm with civil rights expertise and experience in leading racial equity audits across various industries, conducted the audit in 2022.

Covington’s assessment found that Action for Racial Equity’s design success fully leveraged our firm’s expertise, network of business partners and resources to address some of the key factors contributing to the racial wealth gap.

The completion of the audit also provided insights that will inform our efforts and reminds us how much work we have to do as a society to make meaningful progress in closing the racial wealth gap.

See the announcement and full audit for more details about the methodology and results.

Action for Racial Equity: An Update on Our Progress in the U.S.

As a founding member of the Biden Harris administration’s Economic Opportunity Coalition (EOC), Citi is leading a work stream to establish a Center of Excellence, a shared platform that will provide Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and Minority Depository Institutions (MDIs) with access to skills based volunteers, technology and data from EOC members.

Citi made an equity investment in the Bank of Cherokee County, in Oklahoma, adding the first Native American MDI to our portfolio and the 12th MDI overall.

As part of the Affordable Access Banking Initiative, launched collaborations with Juma Ventures, Mission Asset Fund and UnidosUS to serve diverse households by expanding access to the Citi Access Account Package, which includes low cost savings and checking products.

To support revenue growth for MDIs, we involved them in more than 12 million in affordable housing loan participation opportunities between March 2022 and March 2023.

In line with the firm’s continued commitment to expand access to banking products and services that can help advance economic progress, especially for underbanked and unbanked communities, Citi eliminated overdraft fees, returned item fees and overdraft protection fees beginning in June 2022.

Bridge is a digital platform that connects SMBs with more than 75 lenders, including 20 diverse financial institu tions, that provide qualifying businesses with loans of up to 10 million.

Citi created a Special Purpose Credit Program in 2022, which enhanced our existing proprietary HomeRun and Lender Paid Assistance programs, growing lending penetration through those programs by approximately 9%.

In 2021, Citi invested 200 million in five Black owned affordable housing devel opers, co managed by L M Development Partners.

As of February 2023, more than a third of the capital was deployed, amounting to over 3,300 units in five states.

The mortgage team at Citi hired 21 Community Lending Officers focused on serving diverse and traditionally underserved communities across 16 markets in 2022.

For more about our efforts through September 2022, see our Year Two Progress Report.

The Citi Impact Fund makes direct equity investments in double bottom line companies that are applying innovative solutions to address some of society’s most pressing challenges.

The Impact Fund identifies, invests in and supports the growth of innovative startups and diverse founders that help solve critical issues for underserved communities, creating lasting change and increasing access, affordability and inclusion.

The fund is committed to reaching underserved benefi ciaries in the areas of Financial Inclusion, Future of Work, Climate Resilience and Social Infrastructure, including more equitable access to healthcare, mobility and housing.

Women and people of color continue to receive only a small fraction of venture capital investment.

Recognizing these gaps, the Citi Impact Fund intentionally allocates capital to companies led by these historically undercap italized founders.

The fund leverages the full scale of capabilities and expertise across Citi to provide differen tiated value add to its portfolio companies.

In 2022, we expanded the size of the Citi Impact Fund from 200 million to 500 million.

A New York based company that provides faster, more effective emergency response through the creation of a universal, data driven safety platform covering more than 95% of the U.S. population.

RapidSOS provides more efficient and inclusive emergency response for more than 165 million emergen cies annually.

A Fresno, California based company, led by Latinx, women and LGBTQIA founders, delivering digital solutions, creating access for those from marginalized communities to in demand tech skills, and ultimately catalyzing economic transformation in overlooked places.

A Chicago based software company founded by a Black entrepre neur helping large organizations operationalize within the Circular Economy without having to design a program from scratch.

The company focuses on reuse by providing visibility into idle goods an orga nization already has, preventing over procurement and waste.

A New York based fintech founded by a Black entrepreneur that provides public benefits access, low cost mobile banking, credit building and wealth building tools to underserved communities.

The company’s inno vative banking platform connects government and philanthropic resources to communities facing limited economic mobility and finan cial equity across the country.

Through strategic grantmaking efforts, the Citi Foundation promotes economic progress in underserved communities around the world, focusing on programs that increase financial inclusion, catalyze job opportunities for youth and reimagine approaches to building economically vibrant communities.

The Foundation takes a holistic, end to end approach to ensure the success of our grantees from ideation to execution to evaluation and assessment, and post investment support.

In 2023, the Foundation introduced the Global Innovation Challenge, a refreshed operating model that continues to deliver on its mission while increasing social impact.

More innovative: Moving from traditional, long term, direct service grant relationships toward shorter term funding of innovative ideas with the ability to catalyze change.

More equitable: Moving from invitation based proposals to a challenge model, where eligible organizations across the world have an opportunity to apply for funding through an open request for proposals (RFP).

The Foundation’s first Global Innovation Challenge is focused on food security and strengthening the financial health of low income families and communities.

The Citi Foundation announced its first ever Global Innovation Challenge to support community organizations around the world that are developing innovative solutions to improve food security.

This inaugural challenge will provide a total of 25 million to 50 organizations working to pilot or expand ideas and projects designed to improve food security and strengthen the financial health of low income families and communities.

Eligible organizations will be awarded grants based on the merits of their ideas, and the open proposal process will enable new community organizations to become part of the Foundation’s grant portfolio.

The Foundation will also offer post award support to help ensure the success of these programs.

Pathways to Progress has been one of the Citi Foundation’s flagship initiatives since 2014.

It aims to equip young people particularly those from underserved communities with the skills and networks they need to succeed in today’s rapidly changing economy.

The end of 2022 marked the fulfillment of the Foundation’s most recent 100 million three year commitment through this initiative to provide economic opportunities for young people.

As the economic challenges of American households increase, Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and Minority Depository Institutions (MDIs) play a critical role delivering credit and other asset building financial services to unbanked and underbanked households and entrepreneurs in low income communities and communities of color.

Building on our long history of promoting financial inclusion, the Foundation launched the Community Finance Innovation Fund in 2022.

This fund provides grants to help bolster the work of these special ized organizations working to level the economic playing field for low income communities and households.

Citi and the Citi Foundation have a strong tradition of supporting communities affected by disasters and humanitarian crises.

In 2022, we prioritized responding to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and surrounding countries.

Our support for Ukraine relief efforts included 500,000 donated by Citi employees, which Citi matched dollar for dollar, and more than 320,000 raised by Citi clients in the U.S. through our ThankYou Rewards Program.

Every year, Citi colleagues, alumni, partners, clients, family and friends come together to participate in Global Community Day, our annual flagship volunteer initiative to give back to the communities where we live and work.

Our 2022 Global Community Day brought us back together in person in many places, reigniting our sense of community and driving home just how much impact we can have when we volunteer both in person and virtually.

We centered our efforts on the global theme of Recovery and Renewal, aiming to help our communities overcome the economic and social challenges posed by the COVID 19 pandemic and achieve new levels of progress and prosperity.

In Poland, dozens of projects were coordinated to support the needs of Ukrainian refugees with food assistance, school supplies and linguistic support, for children adapting to a new language.

At our global headquarters in New York City, members of our Executive Management Team and other colleagues joined forces to pack 30,000 meals to support relief efforts in Ukraine.

Our people strategy is focused on three key priorities to help us advance the competitive strength of our workforce: Continuous innovation in recruiting, devel opment, compensation, promotion and engagement of colleagues.

Actively seeking out and listening to diverse perspectives at all levels of the organization.

Optimizing transparency to promote accountability, credibility and effectiveness in achieving our goals.

Our human capital priorities are reflected in the culture and inclusivity of our firm, and in the impact and outcomes that our people generate.

Our colleagues drive our progress globally, and our ability to attract and retain a highly qualified and motivated workforce is foundational to our business.

We work every day to foster a culture of excellence for our people by investing in the growth and well being of our colleagues, as well as embracing diversity, equity inclusion (DEI) in all we do.

We constantly strive to ensure Citi remains a great place to work where people can thrive professionally and personally.

And we continue to do what’s right by our colleagues, clients and shareholders.

We have a track record of looking ahead and putting in place leading practices that support our global workforce, enable economic progress and drive our firm forward.

In 2022, we adapted and evolved how we work at Citi to enable colleagues around the globe to better integrate work and life, while delivering the benefits of being together in person.

We were the first major U.S. bank to publicly embrace a flexible, hybrid work model.

In keeping with the vision set by our CEO Jane Fraser, to be a human bank, we are laser focused on working in ways that drive collaboration and meaningful connections, maximize apprenticeship and learning oppor tunities, leverage technology to our advantage, support colleagues’ well being and belonging, and treat our colleagues equitably.

Finally, we focus on making our ways of working sustainable, both for existing and new colleagues across our global bank.

Our model provides three possible designa tions: hybrid, remote and resident.

Hybrid roles offer colleagues the flexibility to work at least three days per week in the office and up to two days from home.

The majority of Citi roles are designated as hybrid.

Remote roles may be performed entirely from outside our office locations.

Resident roles are jobs that cannot be performed remotely, such as tellers in our branches.

No matter what a colleague’s job designation, Citi is committed to promoting an inclusive and equitable working environment and offering resources and benefits to support them in this model.

In implementing our hybrid work model, we have focused on keeping our approach consistent and aligned with our values and priorities.

Our hybrid work environment has had several advantages for attracting talent.

Global Workforce Data many benefits, including allowing maximum flexibility and access to a broader range of candidates.

Applicants interview virtually, which provides a more seamless approach for candidates and managers.

Between welcoming new employees and internal mobility, we reached 3.3 million global applications, up 17% year over year, and leading to an increase in the number of total hires, up 27% year over year.

Through our diverse hiring practices and focus on our people, we continue to hire and maintain an increasingly diverse workforce.

Citi is continuing to build a workforce that is inclusive and reflective of our customers and clients.

For example, we do this through our diverse slates guidelines for the majority of the roles we recruit for to have at least two women and or U.S. minorities in our interviews for U.S. hires and at least two women in our interviews for global hires for Assistant Vice President roles and above.

Our human capital priorities are founda tional to our success during a dynamic period for our workforce.

We also sustain connections with former colleagues through our Alumni Network, and in 2022, we hired more than 5,000 boomerangs back to Citi.

Our benefit programs and initiatives support the immediate and long term well being of colleagues in all locations to help them be successful at work and at home.

Our benefits are designed to align with our values and help to attract, engage and retain colleagues.

In addition to competitive compensation and standard benefits such as healthcare, retirement and paid time off, we offer colleagues a wide range of support for their personal and profes sional health and development in and outside the workplace.

Our benefits are consistent within each country where possible and practical, and we offset a greater portion of their cost for lower paid colleagues.

To name just a few, these benefits include a global minimum standard for paid maternity and parental leave adoption, surrogacy and fertility assistance benefits on site child care centers, backup child care and child care service discounts on site health and medical centers well being focused concierge services and paid leave to pursue interests outside of work.

Citi is invested in helping employees obtain the education and skills that will lead to career development and growth.

Through personalized education coaching and planning, employees can find the programs best fit for their needs and goals.

Citi supports educational attainment by prepaying eligible expenses through tuition assistance, and also reimburses employees for eligible out of pocket costs.

In 2022, we focused particularly on expanding mental health and well being offerings to support our colleagues around the world.

For example, in October 2022, Citi organized a global campaign recognizing World Mental Health Day that included workshops for both the manager and the individual, providing tools and discussion to help colleagues at all levels recognize signs of struggle and appropriate steps for intervention before a crisis point is reached.

These workshops focused on building resilience by helping participants to turn the lens inward and to realize when their individual well being is starting to decline, as well as developing a toolkit of actions to help recover and protect individual well being.

Our new and enhanced mental health, well being and work life balance benefits include: BetterHelp, a service that provides access to counseling via phone, video conference or live chat for U.S. colleagues, allowing them to select a therapist based on gender, race, area of expertise and more.

Colleagues are limited to two sabbaticals and receive 25% of their base pay.

This is available in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, Canada, the UK, Hong Kong, Costa Rica, Singapore and Japan.

Giving Back program, supporting colleagues who have been with Citi for five years or more to spend two to four weeks working with a charitable institution, while still receiving 100% of their base Citi pay.

A vacation purchase program that allows colleagues to buy up to five additional days of vacation planned time off each year.

This is available in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, Canada and the UK.

Sleepio, a cognitive behavioral program to improve sleep and reduce anxiety and depression, for colleagues and their families in the U.S. and Canada.

Full time child care centers in select geogra phies that allow for part time and backup care to support global colleagues’ hybrid schedules.

Recognizing Heritage Holidays program (offered through LifeWorks) for U.S. colleagues and their families even if they aren’t enrolled in medical plans with Citi to address anxiety, depression and more.

This complements the free and confidential Be Well counseling offered on site at seven of our largest U.S. locations.

Building on the U.S. government’s declaration of Juneteenth as a federal holiday marking the end of slavery, we added it as a new paid holiday for U.S. colleagues in 2022.

In 2020, Citi imple mented one additional floating holiday, called Heritage Day, which colleagues can take at any time to honor a day of personal significance.

Refresh, Recharge, Reenergize, a 12 week sabbatical program for colleagues who have been at Citi for at least five years at any level to pursue personal interests or education, travel abroad or simply take time.

At Citi, DEI is foundational to our culture and the growth of our business.

The global reach of our bank allows us to glean diverse perspectives, while also advancing issues that are important to our people, clients and the communities we serve.

Where possible, we aim to have globally consistent practices that integrate a full range of colleague needs across Talent and DEI issues to help us attract and retain professionals who reflect diversity in all its forms.

Our Talent and DEI strategy is built on the principles of career development and mobility, consistency and equity in employee experience, transparency, data driven decision making and outcome orientation.

This strategy underpins our ability to build a company where the best talent wants to work and where people of every race, gender, sexual orientation, ability, military status, religion, age, gender identity and ethnicity can reach their full potential.

As our Talent and DEI strategy continues to evolve, we have crystallized our company wide approach around the following pillars: Promote a Diverse Employer of Choice Brand by enhancing communications and brand visibility through strategic partnerships.

Manage and Develop Talent by recruiting and retaining a diverse group of top talent and developing strong next gen talent pipelines.

Foster an Inclusive Culture by developing inclusive leaders and empowering allies Drive Accountability by holding leaders accountable for working toward new aspira tional representation goals and fostering an inclusive work environment.

Engage Clients by deepening client and customer relationships to enhance market place opportunities.

At Citi, we want to ensure our colleagues feel empowered to develop and be their true and authentic selves.

Our commitment to DEI starts at the top and is prioritized across the organization, with shared accountability among managers.

DEI factors, including the representation of women and racial ethnic minorities, continue to be included in senior executives’ scorecards.

We encourage senior leaders to drive talent mobility across their teams.

Citi has a focus on internal talent development and aims to provide colleagues with career growth opportunities, with 36% of open positions filled internally in 2022.

These opportunities are particularly important as Citi focuses on providing career paths for internal talent, as part of its efforts to increase organic growth and promotions within the organization.

We have also expanded our Talent Assessment practice to drive more data based decision making around talent.

Recognizing and celebrating religious diversity in the workplace has become an essential part of creating a culture where all colleagues feel empowered to bring their authentic selves to work.

Citi is a long standing supporter of the Tanenbaum Center for Interreligious Understanding, which provides organizations with training, robust consulting support and resources to enable members of different faiths to practice their religion in the workplace, while guiding their colleagues to be allies in these efforts.

In 2022, as part of our efforts to celebrate religious diversity, we hosted an inaugural Iftar dinner, open to colleagues of all faiths to come together and share how they recognize Ramadan.

At Citi there is no place for any form of hate, including intolerance of religious diversity.

We will continue to expand our efforts and resources to ensure that colleagues of all faiths, religions, and backgrounds feel supported and empowered to be their true selves in the workplace.

U.S. For 18 consecutive years, Citi has received a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index, a national survey that benchmarks corporate policies and practices for LGBTQ workplace equality.

In Brazil, Citi has actively worked to expand the rights and protections of LGBTQ individuals.

In 2022, Citi was among 90 companies and organi zations that signed an open letter supporting diversity, respect and inclusion of LGBTQ people in Brazilian workplaces.

Out Equal organized the effort ahead of Brazil’s presidential elections in October.

We respond to global and local issues to support the values of our company, colleagues, clients, and other key stakeholders, working with various nonprofit and community partners to support the advancement of people with disabilities, veterans, women, racially and ethnically diverse people, and other groups, both in business and civic life.

For example, in Buffalo, New York, where Citi is one of the largest employers, Citi donated 100,000 in 2022 to the United Way of Buffalo and Erie County to help support the community following a racially motivated mass shooting.

Citi was also a proud signatory of the Human Rights Campaign’s letter to the U.S. Senate in support of the Respect for Marriage Act (RMA) in July 2022.

To develop leaders dedicated to an inclusive culture and equipped to promote one, we offer a range of training and development initiatives.

For example, in 2022, these included the following programs: Continued the enterprise wide rollout of unconscious bias training and and made inclusive leadership training available to all managers.

Our LGBTQ Reverse Mentoring Program, started by our Pride network in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, has garnered more than 600 participants globally since its inception.

It has been so successful that its organizers have helped clients of the firm introduce their own reverse mentoring programs.

We continue to disclose our adjusted and unadjusted (or raw ) pay gaps for both women and U.S. minorities, to hold ourselves accountable for making progress.

The adjusted pay gap is a true measure of pay equity, or like for like, that compares the compensation of women to men and U.S. minorities to nonmi norities when adjusting for factors such as job function, title level and geography.

The raw gap measures the difference in median compensation when we don’t adjust for any of the aforementioned factors.

The existence of our raw pay gap reflects a need to increase representation of women and U.S. minorities in senior and higher paying roles.

Our latest results, released in March 2023, found that, on an adjusted basis, women globally are paid on average more than 99% of what men are paid at Citi, and that there was no statistically signif icant difference in adjusted compensation for U.S. minorities and nonminorities.

Following the review, we made appropriate pay adjustments as part of the firm’s 2022 compen sation cycle.

In particular, our 2022 raw gap analysis showed that the median pay for women globally is more than 78% of the median for men, up from 74% in 2021 and 2020 and 73% in 2019 the median pay for U.S. minorities was more than 97% of the median for nonminorities, which is up from 96% in 2021, and 94% in 2020 and 2019.

Continuing to reduce our raw pay gap requires that we increase representation of women and U.S. minorities in senior roles across the firm.

These pay equity reviews represent a moment in time snapshot of our employee base, which is constantly changing as people come in and out of the firm, as colleagues are promoted and as market dynamics change.

We’re continuing to innovate how we recruit and develop talent and to use data more effectively to help us increase diversity at more senior levels at Citi.

Our philosophy is that every member of the Citi team is responsible for progress in making Citi an even more inclusive and equitable workplace.

Citi was the first company to disclose adjusted pay results, and in 2019, we became one of the first companies to disclose our unadjusted, or raw, pay gaps for both women and U.S. minorities.

While working to understand these pay gaps and make progress on reducing them, in 2018 we implemented our aspirational repre sentation goals to increase representation at the Assistant Vice President (AVP) through Managing Director (MD) levels to 40% for women globally (up from 37%) and 8% for Black colleagues in the U.S. (up from 6%) by the end of 2021.

By the end of 2021, Citi met and exceeded our representation goals.

Globally, we increased representation at the AVP to MD levels for women to 40.6%, and in the U.S., we increased Black representation for those same levels to 8.1%.

Additionally, when we included all our Black colleagues in the U.S., including those who self identify as two or more races at the same levels, Black representation increased to 9.1%.

Pay for U.S. minorities relative to non minorities in the U.S.

Our diverse workforce continues to reflect macro demographic changes in the world, so it is important that we continue to evolve the way we do business.

In 2022, we expanded our firm wide, aspirational diversity representation goals to include additional markets and underrepresented groups.

We continue our focus on increasing diversity of our mid to senior level colleagues and early career hires.

Having aspirational representation goals across levels will help ensure we not only have diverse talent in leadership roles, but will also help us build a diverse talent pipeline for the future.

As part of those goals, we are proud of being the first major U.S. bank to set an aspirational recruiting goal for LGBTQ early career hires globally.

To drive accountability and progress, our 2025 representation goals are embedded in our business strategy as well as our executive scorecards.

In addition, we undertake ongoing pipeline analyses to help us assess the availability and flow of diverse talent at Citi and see how we can achieve better representation among women and racial ethnic minorities.

Intentionality in talent development is essential if we are to elevate more women and racial ethnic minorities to high level positions at Citi and across our industry as a whole.

Access our public announcement to learn more about our 2025 goals and how we developed them.

Core to our data driven approach is gaining a better understanding of who comprises our workforce and obtaining self ID from our people so we can better meet the needs of our organization and create a culture where everyone can thrive.

Through concerted efforts during 2021’s self ID campaign, nearly 90%, of our total workforce, across 46 countries, were invited to self ID their race and ethnicity, gender identities, sexual orientation, disability status and mili tary status, as permissible by local laws and regulations.

In 2022, we expanded the categories under our sexual orientation and gender identity dimensions.

Additionally, we continued to encourage the reporting of multiple races ethnicities for those colleagues who self identify as such by enabling the selection of specific races ethnicities.

Building on these efforts, we are committed to better understanding the composition of our colleague popula tion and implementing competitive and effective Talent and DEI programs and policies.

As we continue to enhance our Talent and DEI programs, we are assessing where we have gaps in representation in certain regions.

With more targeted data, we can be even more intentional in cultivating a culture of inclusion.

We encourage all colleagues to self ID and will prioritize increasing participation.

Understanding that diversity fuels our culture and business success, we are expanding the representation goals1 we initially set in 2018, so that Citi better reflects the communities we serve and is a place where all can thrive.

We recognize the importance of expanding diversity and intersectionality4 when recruiting our next generation of leaders.

The term is more commonly used to refer to Brazilians of mixed ethnic ancestry.

Other includes Arab and any other ethnic group and is a defined classification by the UK’s Office for National Statistics.

Citi promotes a new class of Managing Directors (MDs) each year.

This is the highest officer level at Citi and is a testament to these individuals’ performance and commitment to living our Leadership Principles Taking Ownership, Delivering With Pride and Succeeding Together and instilling them in their teams and throughout the entire firm.

For our 2022 class, we promoted 331 MDs, who are based in 26 countries and represent one of the largest and most diverse cohorts in recent years.

Our leadership drives a culture of excellence and accountability, demonstrating gender equity from the very top of the organization.

Jane Fraser is our first woman CEO and was the first woman to lead a major U.S. bank.

As of April 24, 2023, based on self identification data, four (25%) of our 16 person Executive Management Team are women and six (37.5%) are racially ethnically diverse.

Also, seven (54%) of the 13 members of our Board of Directors are women and 1 (8%) identifies as a racial ethnic minority.

Citi was among the first Fortune 500 companies to achieve gender parity on its Board.

In early 2022, Titi Cole was appointed CEO of our new Legacy Franchises operating segment and, in doing so, became the first Black woman to be part of the Executive Management Team.

Cole is a 30 year veteran of the financial services industry and has served in leadership positions at other major banks.

She joined Citi in 2020 and previously served as the Head of Global Operations and Fraud Prevention and the Chief Client Officer for Personal Banking and Wealth Management (PBWM).

She is a strong advocate for Diversity, Equity Inclusion across the firm and led initiatives across PBWM to increase representation of women and underrepresented groups.

The diversity data reflected in this document is based on the information we have on file from colleagues who self identified for a particular diversity group.

Thus, full representation of diversity might not be reflected.

We recognize that diverse, talented teams, from the C suite to all levels and areas of the firm, are critical to our success.

We continue to strengthen our talent pipelines and hone our hiring processes, and we’re committed to paying equitably and competitively to attract and retain talent.

In 2022, we made meaningful progress in engaging with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), investing in early career programs and utilizing diverse candidates and interviewer slates in the hiring process.

We also expanded the efforts of the Diversity Sourcing team, launched in 2021 in the U.S., to consistently identify qualified diverse talent for consideration for open positions.

To support our efforts to recruit neurodivergent talent, in 2022, we partnered with Autistica DARE to train our talent acquisition team and managers in making our hiring process accessible to all candidates, especially neurodivergent talent.

We are piloting the program in the UK and Ireland, with plans to expand it to the U.S. and our Asia Pacific (APAC) region.

We have also expanded engagement with external partners, including diversity profes sional organizations such as Out Equal, the Asia Society, the Council of Urban Professionals, Hispanic IT Executive Council and Disability:IN.

These relationships have enhanced our ability to attract and hire mid to senior level talent, in support of our inclusive culture.

Some examples of our initiatives with partners follow.

Creating a more accessible workplace: Citi partners with Autistica to offer training on how to support and create a more acces sible workplace for our colleagues who are neurodivergent.

Through inclusive language guides, myth busting and practical tips, we equip our people to conduct business and run accessible meetings for neurodivergent colleagues.

Cultivating sensitivity: To further enhance our inclusive culture, in the UK we are implementing a reverse mentoring program in which neurodivergent individuals mentor neurotypical individuals to create under standing about their lived experiences.

The performance management approach at Citi centers on our Leadership Principles Taking Ownership, Delivering With Pride and Succeeding Together.

It also emphasizes evaluating what colleagues deliver on financial performance, risk and controls, and clients and franchise, as well as how colleagues deliver from a leadership perspective.

Citi encourages feedback at any point throughout the year to supplement midyear and year end formal conversations.

Our campus recruiting program is an important way for us to diversify our employee base, and we have a robust pipeline of talent from HBCUs and other leading universities.

We are also working to expand opportunities, awareness and interest in working for Citi or in the financial services industry even earlier, providing unique opportunities for high school students to learn about what we do and who we are.

We strive to maintain an environment in which development opportunities are widely available, where people are hired and advanced on their merits and where our colleagues treat each other with respect.

We are fully committed to equal employment opportunities, fair employment practices and nondiscrimination.

For more information, see the Human Rights section of this report, our Code of Conduct and our website for policies around fair employment and compensation.

More information can also be found in the GRI Index of this report.

We invest in training college and high school students through our early engagement and apprenticeships programs.

While we would like the students to consider the possibility of a future with Citi, our primary goal is to provide them with helpful tools on their path to professional success, without regard for industry or profession.

Key programs include: Our Citi University Partnerships in.

Innovation Discovery (CUPID) Program enables us to accelerate innovation initia tives across Citi by engaging high potential students and developing a robust, diverse pipeline of talent from universities across the globe.

In 2022, the CUPID Program engaged 400 plus students through specialized engagements including hackathons, capstone projects and more.

Our Early Insights Programs for college students in their first and second year of undergraduate studies are focused on identi fying, mentoring and hiring top diverse talent for summer analyst programs across the firm.

These programs provide early exposure to, and education around, our businesses, technical training, mentorship and culture.

Our Freshman Discovery Day is an intro ductory program to support freshmen from diverse backgrounds in gaining technical skills and learning about various roles in financial services.

Our Early Identification Program focuses on mentorship, interview preparation and best in class training to identify diverse talent for our summer analyst programs over a five week period.

Our Sophomore Leadership Program offers hands on work experience, mentorship, peer networking and necessary skills over a 10 week summer internship, to provide a pipeline into our full time analyst programs.

Our recruitment event on Martha’s Vineyard in Massachusetts provides Black high school and college students with an opportunity to network with industry professionals and learn about potential career paths in financial services.

Apprenticeship Programs enable us to access a new pipeline of diverse talent, particularly those with varying levels of prior experience, from different backgrounds and with alternative perspectives.

In London, an 18 month structured program of learning, combined with a real role at Citi, is designed for individuals who have not been to university, but instead are hoping to kick start their careers with an opportunity to gain work experience alongside profes sional qualifications.

Our first cohort has successfully completed the program and moved into permanent roles at Citi.

So far, 21 apprentices have been hired through this program in London.

Youth Co:Lab, APAC’s largest youth led social entrepreneurship movement, provides an opportunity for our analysts to help advance the UN Development Program goals.

Since 2021, Citi has partnered with the UN to have 150 Consumer and Operations analysts across 12 APAC markets work in small teams to support young entrepreneurs from devel oping countries in refining their startups’ mission, vision, impact and strategy for unlocking funding and resources.

Through Progress Builders, we provide Costa Rican high school students from technical backgrounds with meaningful work experiences to complement their academic learning.

We had 15 Progress Builders interns in 2022, 60% of them women.

Our Women RISE at Citi event in Brazil provided women students with exposure to various career opportunities in finance, education on business areas at Citi and participation in a hackathon to strengthen their problem solving and technical skills.

The Citi Campus Disability Summit, for students with disabilities, debuted in April 2022.

We continue to partner with Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT), SEO and WayUp, U.S. based recruiting platforms that attract diverse students, enabling our recruiters to communicate and engage with students to promote job opportunities.

Program is a six part interactive development program for LGBTQ employees.

This series aims to develop participants through inter active content on how to lead within teams, lead teams, and lead in communities.

Our Military Officer Leadership Program (MOLP) focuses on recruiting, developing, training and preparing transitioning service members for mid to senior level roles at Citi.

Over a two year period, candidates rotate three times, giving them a peer network of mentorship and support and a path to a successful career at Citi.

We’re committed to helping our colleagues gain the skills and experience they need to achieve their professional goals and deliver the best for our company and our stakeholders.

Hiring, promoting and retaining more women and racial ethnic minorities in senior, high paying roles is especially critical to our success and supports our ambitions around representation and pay equity.

Citi Women’s Leadership Development Program brings together a group of Senior Vice Presidents and Directors from around the world to network and develop leadership skills.

Executive Leadership Council (ELC) partnership enhances our investment in Black leadership and establishes a cohesive development journey and continuum for Black leaders at Citi.

Through this partnership, Citi will continue to develop mid to senior level colleagues over three years.

Owning My Success (OMS), a group coaching program for Black colleagues, provides exposure to our senior leadership and supports professional and personal development.

Over the course of several months, participants join group coaching circles, led by an external executive coach and a senior leader at Citi.

Managers of the participants also take part in group coaching to better understand the experience of Black colleagues in the workplace.

Black Leaders for Tomorrow, within the Institutional Clients Group, offers an advocacy program for Black directors.

Hosted the first Black Managing Director Summit, with respondents indicating that they felt the content and information they received will help them develop as leaders.

The Summit was so successful that we plan to host additional heritage specific summits to continue to drive retention, diverse leadership and professional skills development.

The Disability:IN Next Gen Leaders program matches mentors to students and recent graduates with disabilities.

Nineteen Citi colleagues served as mentors in 2022.

Citi also participated in recruitment events in APAC and the U.S. through Disability:IN, as well as at the Disability: IN Global Conference.

Empowerment Program, which includes virtual modules to strengthen skills such as leadership, strategic communication and emotional intelligence.

Launched in LATAM in 2019, we have expanded in 2022 to all regions, reaching 14,000 participants.

Global Talent Development Program offers six to nine month assignments abroad to select vice presidents and senior vice presidents across Personal Banking Wealth Management (PBWM).

Program participants return to their teams with an expanded Citi network and a global understanding of the firm.

Black Hispanic Leadership Journey: This immersive program for Assistant Vice Presidents across PBWM accelerates their development through sessions and coaching on personal brand, confidence, organizational savvy and challenges facing diverse leaders.

Citi Families Matter Network Citi Hispanic Latino Heritage Network Citi Pride Network Citi Women Network Citi Salutes Network Citi Multicultural Heritage Network Citi Generations Network Citi Social Mobility Network (UK Only).

We will continue to take a phased approach in enhancing our strategy to be more impactful and global, so that there is a clearly defined purpose and DEI alignment in all of our Network activity.

We strive to take a truly global approach on talent and DEI.

That means we seek to understand the nuances of local issues, while protecting human rights related to DEI and supporting a culture of inclusion, within our operations and our larger sphere of influence.

Highlights the various common disabilities, varying levels of support across the region, and how organizations and individuals can help advance disability inclusion in the workplace and create long term value.

This report is posted to Citigroup.com and can be viewed here.

Launched in 2022, this network is focused on creating awareness of and celebrating the diversity of the socioeconomic backgrounds of our colleagues.

Citi is the first major bank to create an employee resource group focused on social mobility.

Responds to the need for a comprehensive strategy in Citibanamex branches to increase DEI knowledge, with the goal of promoting a culture of internal and client oriented inclusion.

It does so through two main actions: a Diversity Inclusion Protocol with a focus on customer service and a communication campaign through all the branches’ com munication channels.

More than 15,500 colleagues in branches were exposed to the Inclusive Branches materials in 2022.

Our Employee Network chapters serve as local representatives of our Inclusion Networks.

Initiated and led by colleagues at our work sites, the Networks offer professional development, mentoring, networking and community engagement opportunities to members and colleagues.

Each of our nine Inclusion Networks is co led by a member of our CEO’s leadership team.

The number of our global Employee Network chapters increased from 226 in 2021 to 238 in 2022, while the total number of unique members in the groups increased from 21,000 to more than 31,000 globally.

As some of the firm’s most visible forms of DEI, our networks have histori cally played a critical role in fostering a culture of inclusion for all.

So much has changed in 20 years, and as the world around us evolves, so, too, should our approach to talent and DEI.

As such, we have commenced our Employee Network transformation by rebranding our Affinity Networks as Citi Inclusion networks, to further emphasize that our Networks are open to all colleagues, regardless of their identity: Citi Asian Heritage Network Citi Black Heritage Network Citi Disability Network.

Our annual Voice of the Employee (VOE) survey provides valuable insights regarding colleague engagement and perceptions about our firm our pain points as well as our successes.

In 2022, we worked with the Digital Accessibility Center for Excellence to ensure the VOE’s accessibility for all colleagues.

Participation in this latest VOE matched our all time high of 88%, with results remaining strong in key areas.

Ethics continues to be our signature strength, with results showing that 90% of colleagues feel comfortable reporting unethical practices without fear of reprisal.

Our leadership principles also continue to shine, with 90% of colleagues believing we deliver excellence for our clients.

Feedback from Citi colleagues is critical to our strategy, and our efforts to simplify the firm are a work in progress.

We continue to streamline processes and decision making to make Citi an easier place to work.

To ease intense workloads, we are filling roles in key parts of the business and making sure colleagues know where to go for support when needed.

Note: Data based on favorability agreement rates from eligible Citi colleagues.

Due to updates introduced in 2022, trend data is not available for the DEI and Manager Effectiveness indices.

Note: Due to a change in the EEO 1 reporting schedule requirements, 2022 EEO 1 data for Citi will be published when available in 2023.

For a regional breakdown of our managed geography, please review our Annual Report.

As part of an enterprise wide effort, we are working to modernize and simplify the bank so that we can better manage risk, improve our service to clients and make Citi an easier place to work.

Through the modernization of our infrastructure, and by evolving our culture, we are strengthening our ability to compete in a fast moving digital world.

In addition to remediating issues and addressing root causes, we are enhancing and automating data processes working toward ensuring that we have the proper controls in place while eliminating complexity.

Our Transformation Steering Committee, chaired by our CEO, sets the overall direction for our Transformation efforts and communicates progress to our Board of Directors, and also seeks input and feedback from the Board.

In October 2020, the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued consent orders to Citi requiring improvements in the way we manage enterprise wide risk, compliance, data and internal controls.

This, combined with an increasingly competitive landscape and our clients’ acceleration toward digital solutions, became the catalyst for our Trans formation strategy.

All colleagues are responsible for identifying and promptly escalating risk related concerns.

We have also prioritized data quality as a Transformation focus area, enhancing our Data Governance Strategy to drive improvements in our technology and processes.

Our Transformation is underpinned by a funda mental reset of our approach to culture and talent.

Aligned with our Leadership Principles, we have undertaken a multiyear, firm wide program, designed to change the way we work by introducing everyday habits that all colleagues can adopt to make Citi a stronger, simpler and more enjoyable place to work.

We are focused on ownership and building a culture where colleagues hold each other accountable.

This ensures we establish and work within clear roles and responsibilities.

The culture change program is supported by our senior leadership and includes communications, workshops and other resources to empower employees.

We also established a global network of employee change champions who model new habits, encourage their colleagues to do the same, test new strategies and provide feedback.

Our annual Voice of the Employee survey indicates that we are making progress.

In 2022, 92% of colleagues indicated they feel more empowered to take ownership and deliver on their team’s goals, and 87% agree that Citi is making it easier to collaborate across teams and businesses.

We use our employee development programs, compensation structure, and promotion and performance management processes to reinforce and incentivize excellence.

Our compensation structure captures individual impacts on risk and controls, and each of our employees has a related performance goal they are working toward.

Each of our employees shares a common responsibility to earn and maintain our clients’ trust by applying our values and principles every day to everything they do.

We expect our employees to prioritize excellence for our clients, in our operations and in our risk and controls environment and to provide our products, services and expertise in a system ically responsible manner, while complying with all applicable laws, regulations and Citi policies.

To reinforce this, we establish and communicate our core values and principles through our Mission and Value Proposition, our Leadership Principles, our Code of Conduct, various training and development opportunities, employee engagement initiatives and communi cations from our senior leaders.

We uphold strong ethical standards through our governance framework, programs and efforts that embed our expectations for behavior throughout the organization.

With oversight from the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee, our senior leaders reinforce appropriate conduct and accountability within the organization, and empower our employees to make ethical decisions, escalate issues and adhere to our standards of conduct.

We expect managers to lead by example, inspire their employees to live our values, and create a work environment that is free from discrimi nation, harassment or retaliation.

Managers are expected to promote awareness of resources available for reporting concerns, encourage employees to speak up about all issues, and then resolve or escalate concerns through appropriate channels.

Managers must never engage in, nor tolerate, retaliation of any kind.

We empower our employees to do what’s right by setting clear expectations, providing tools and educational resources to reinforce ethical decision making, and consistently providing information about the various resources available to escalate concerns.

These three tests help our colleagues to act with integrity, to do everything possible to create the best outcomes for our clients, and to manage risk prudently.

These principles support our Transformation to become a better, stronger bank.

Holding ourselves and each other to these high standards is integral to our culture and our commitment to operating in our clients’ best interests, driving economic value and managing risk.

We succeed together: Valuing and learning from different perspectives breaking down barriers measuring performance through a stakeholder lens investing in colleagues from all backgrounds and showing empathy for our colleagues, clients and communities dealing with clients, business colleagues, share holders, communities and each other.

It also provides an overview of key legal and regulatory requirements and select global policies.

In addition, we ask these members of our workforce to reaffirm their commitment to our Code through annual Code of Conduct training.

Our Code of Conduct, published in 21 languages, applies to all directors, officers and employees of Citi worldwide.

Upon joining Citi, employees must acknowledge that they have read and will comply with our Code.

Individuals performing services for Citi may also be subject to our Code by contract or agreement.

Violations can result in disci plinary action up to and including termination of employment or other relationship with Citi.

Our Code provides an overview of the types of misconduct and concerns that require escalation and the resources available to employees for prompt escalation of concerns, as well as a link to the full Citi Escalation Policy, which provides even more information for employees about escalation requirements and resources.

Our Code of Conduct emphasizes the principle that, when in doubt, employees should always err on the side of escalating concerns.

Employees are encouraged to raise concerns to their manager, but if they feel uncomfortable doing so, Citi provides a number of escalation resources, including the Ethics Hotline.

The Ethics Hotline provides different channels for employees and any third party, including members of the general public, to report concerns about unethical behavior to our Ethics Office.

In addition to internal and public facing websites that facilitate submission of concerns, a telephone line is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with live operators who can connect to translators in multiple languages.

Responsible Sourcing interfaces to provide better guidance for those submitting concerns and to improve mobile device accessibility for the web platform.

All contacts to the Ethics Office and Ethics Office investigations are treated as confiden tially as possible, consistent with the need to investigate and address the matter and subject to applicable laws and regulations.

Concerns may be raised either anonymously or with attribution.

All concerns are investigated and, where substantiated, lead to meaningful action within our organization, which could include disciplinary action, termination of vendor relationships, referrals to law enforcement or governmental authorities, employee communications, additional training, control enhancements, and changes to Citi policies, business processes and procedures.

Citi prohibits any form of retaliation against anyone who raises a concern or question regarding ethics, discrimination or harassment matters, as well as against anyone who partici pates in a subsequent investigation.

Hearing from employees is one important way we assess the strength of ethics and accountability across our company.

Comfort with reporting unethical practices without fear of reprisal.

A feeling of accountability to identify and escalate issues.

Confidence that Citi will act upon reported legal or ethical violations.

Manager encouragement of ethical conduct even in the face of pressure.

In 2022, 93% of our employees responded posi tively to the index, compared with 91% in 2021.

We will continue to listen to our employees and raise the bar in this area.

Annual Ethics Hotline Summary To reinforce how raising concerns leads to meaningful action within Citi, the Citi Ethics Office annually provides all employees with a summary of the types of concerns received by the Citi Ethics Office, including those resulting in corrective actions.

Spotlight on Ethics Through this quarterly communication to employees, we continue to share the results of Ethics Office investigations, to reinforce to our workforce that concerns are investigated and to highlight commonplace areas where ethical lapses can occur.

The Spotlight includes corrective actions that resulted from described Ethics Office investigations to again reinforce that speaking up leads to meaningful action.

We employ robust policies and practices to detect and prevent corruption, address potential environmental and social risks in our portfolio, and safeguard data and customer privacy.

These rigorous practices enable us to grow a successful, respected business that delivers the best possible results for our clients, customers and communities.

The Citi Global Financial Crimes Compliance Team includes the Global Financial Crimes Investigations and Intelligence (GFCII), Anti Bribery and Corruption, Anti Money Laundering (AML) and Sanctions teams.

Our Chief Compliance Officer, who reports directly to our General Counsel, provides regular reports on our performance in these areas, to our Board of Directors or a committee of the Board, as appropriate.

Our GFCII team works to prevent, identify and counteract the many and varied corruption related risks that confront the financial sector.

Select examples of our partnerships in 2022 include: United for Wildlife: Citi works with government agencies and nongovern mental organizations (NGOs) alongside other financial institutions to help fight illegal wildlife trafficking.

We participate in the financial taskforce as well as regional chapters in East Africa the Middle East and North Africa North America and Hong Kong.

In 2022, we worked through the Hong Kong chapter in support of legislation that elevates wildlife related trafficking to a serious crime and helped develop a financial sector toolkit and threat profile for the region.

Trust in Business Initiative: In 2022, Citi joined global leaders from the private and public sectors to discuss and provide feedback on the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development’s (OECD) Infrastructure Anti Corruption Toolbox, which is designed to build trust and account ability in infrastructure.

Additional activities: During the year, we engaged multiple nonprofits and NGOs to combat financial crime, including the Polaris Project, Survivor Inclusion Initiative, DeliverFund, the International Centre for Missing Exploited Children’s Financial Coalition Against Child Sexual Exploitation, the Royal United Services Institute’s Future of Financial Intelligence Sharing program and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.

Citi has policies, procedures and internal controls to comply with anti bribery laws, and we conduct an annual bribery risk assessment of all global business lines.

We provide our staff with anti bribery training annually and supplement it with targeted training and communications as needed.

For more information, see the Citi Anti Bribery and Corruption Program Statement, which is updated at least annually.

Citi is obligated to comply with applicable sanctions, laws and regulations in the countries where we operate and maintains a robust, risk based Sanctions Program that applies globally.

Our Sanctions Program includes enterprise wide controls, reasonably designed to comply with applicable sanctions laws and regulations and is comprised of a diverse team of Compliance professionals stationed around the world.

Our AML Program helps protect our clients, our franchise and the global financial system from the risks of money laundering and terrorist financing.

The global program consists of designated AML Country Officers covering every Citi business, function and geographic area.

These specialists partner with various functions, including Compliance, Audit, Technology and our institutional and consumer businesses, to provide effective enterprise AML risk management and to meet our AML related requirements at both the global and the local levels.

For more information, visit our AML Program website.

GFCII, a part of our Compliance function, provides a globally consistent approach to the prevention and detection of risk.

GFCII works with law enforcement, nonprofits and internal stakeholders to proactively identify illicit activity and work to mitigate risk.

This connectivity results in the execution of a data driven global strategy addressing emerging risk trends and typologies across business lines and geographies.

For more information on our Financial Crimes programs, please see our Code of Conduct.

This combined online training incorporates multiple anti corruption efforts, including AML, sanctions and anti bribery training.

Numbers include all Citi staff who had completed the 2022 training as of December 2022.

Citi does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions, and maintains strong review and escalation processes that enable us to adhere to high standards of compliance with applicable tax laws.

We are a current income taxpayer, both within and outside the U.S. Our tax profile is consistent with the locations of our business operations, and we adhere to OECD standards regarding substance and transparency.

We emphasize strong internal controls and transparency with global tax authorities and share information relevant to our tax profile.

We supplement this transparency with additional country by country reporting, which is required under the OECD’s action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting.1 Tax management is overseen by our Chief Tax Officer, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer.

It is reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

For client related tax matters, Citi maintains a strong system of controls to support reporting and withholding requirements.

We have systems and processes to comply with the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the Common Reporting Standard in all applicable countries where local implementing guidance has been issued.

Similarly, we have firm wide requirements applicable to customer transactions, under which Citi will only engage in transactions where there is a high degree of confidence that the tax aspects will be accepted by the respective taxing authorities.

For more information on how taxation impacts Citi, see page 185 of our 2022 Form 10 K.

The potential impact of public policy on our business, employees, communities and customers is why Citi works to advance and protect the global business interests of our company directly and indirectly, through engagement with trade associations, govern ments and elected officials around the world.

Citi advocates for public policies that support the interests of our company, clients, share holders and employees, such as trade and investment proposals involving sanctions and cybersecurity.

Guided by our Political Engagement Statement, company political activities are performed in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Under U.S. Federal Election Commission rules, Citi’s Political Action Committee (Citi PAC) pools the voluntary contributions of eligible employees to support U.S. political candidates and campaigns that support the financial industry and complementary pro business policies.

Our bipartisan Government Affairs team and the Citi PAC Board consider whether contributions meet our criteria.

As digital solutions expand and become more integrated into our daily lives, we see increasing concerns related to privacy and security breaches.

Data security and customer privacy are top priorities for Citi and for our stakeholders.

Our Chief Information Security Office ensures that an appropriate level of cybersecurity gover nance, capabilities and controls are in place to protect Citi’s and our clients’ assets and infor mation, with end to end accountability across the firm.

Our strategy incorporates architecture, technology, tools, policies and processes to prevent, detect, respond to and recover from cyber threats quickly.

Learn more about the elements of our cybersecurity program on the following page.

The fair, ethical and lawful collection, use and processing of customers’ personal information is essential to build trust, provide best in class services and achieve our corporate objectives.

Our Global Privacy Program is overseen by a dedicated global Chief Privacy Officer.

The program provides a framework for managing privacy and confidentiality risks for the company.

Our privacy management efforts receive additional oversight from the Citi Privacy Advisory Council, which consists of executive privacy officers and privacy and risk management leaders from across the firm.

The Council provides direction, addresses escalated concerns and helps drive progress in this area.

Citi has also appointed a Global Chief Privacy Counsel within the General Counsel’s Office.

The Global Chief Privacy Counsel leads a global team that provides legal guidance and strategic direction regarding privacy and data protection laws to the Chief Privacy Office and to businesses and functions across the enterprise.

Our Privacy and Bank Customer Confidentiality Policy articulates principles relating to the collection and processing of personal infor mation, requiring, in part, that personal information only be collected and used as necessary for the performance of the services offered and for the purposes disclosed.

Citi is transparent about personal information collection and use practices, and offers customers choices about how their personal information may be collected or used (as required by law), including choices relating to marketing or reviewing and correcting infor mation.

Citi employees are required to take annual privacy compliance training that covers these privacy concepts.

Verifying our customers’ identity is funda mental to safeguarding their financial assets and protecting their privacy.

Our aim is to deliver solutions that provide seamless, intuitive interactions with digital tools that will not compromise personal data.

We provide ongoing training for our employees through digital identity learning packs that help build awareness of, and skills related to, new digital identity technologies.

In addition, we engage with clients, partners and industry experts to discuss the trends, challenges and opportu nities related to digital identity and to explore technologies that have the potential to meet our customers’ needs.

We also provide customers with resources and information related to safety and security.

Our U.S. online Security Center enables customers to learn about what Citi does to protect them and what they can do to protect themselves against identity theft and other security risks.

We monitor developments and innovations related to financial technology and digital assets amid sustained interest from clients and investors.

We carefully evaluate the evolving regulatory landscape and associated financial and non financial risks to ensure we meet both our own regulatory frameworks and super visory expectations.

Regular reviews by regulators and by internal and external auditors.

Chief Executive Officers of each business sector and region are responsible for implementation and compliance with program requirements.

A multifaceted approach to move toward password less capabilities, including biometric options such as voice recogni tion or fingerprints.

Next generation security components that support digital and mobile growth, by enabling enhanced security features for our mobile applications.

Advanced technology for improved cyber incident monitoring, detection and response capabilities.

Working with our clients, peer financial institutions, governments, law enforcement and intelligence agencies on a global scale to enable the collective security of the financial services sector through:.

Exchanging tactical information about specific cybersecurity threats.

Driving adoption of industry wide standards and approaches.

Receiving and sharing threat data with our partners in near real time, and leveraging that information to strengthen our internal controls and practices and to protect Citi from attacks perpetrated against other firms.

Fostering a culture of sharing among competitors on security issues for the sake of strong information security practices.

Regular risk assessments and internal controls to defend against breaches.

Technology and cybersecurity policies based on established industry standards.

Robust technologies to protect data and systems, supported by a strong team with deep expertise from industry and government.

Secure networks to protect systems and databases, and continuous improvement of capabilities to meet the challenge of an evolving threat environment.

Reviewing the breach to determine whether it meets any regulatory or legal reporting requirements in the jurisdic tion(s) where the breach occurred or in the jurisdiction(s) impacted by the breach.

If deemed necessary, a legal assessment is conducted.

Notifying the impacted customers as required by the laws or regulations of the impacted jurisdiction(s) and as directed in the legal assessment, if it results in a requirement to perform customer notifications.

Our ESRM Policy guides our approach to engaging with clients to help us responsibly mitigate environmental and social risks in our financing.

We established the Policy in 2003, and we continue to evolve our approach in response to emerging risks.

For example, in 2022, we updated our ESRM Policy to outline our expectations in the Agribusiness sector in sensitive ecoregions (see following page).

The ESRM Policy covers a broad scope of financial products and client sectors and guides how we assess client impacts and associated risks related to air quality, water quality, climate change, biodi versity, local communities, labor, human rights and other environmental and social issues.

Our policies and procedures reference international industry standards, such as the International Finance Corporation’s Environmental and Social Performance Standards the World Bank Group’s Environmental, Health, and Safety Guidelines the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil and the Forest Stewardship Council.

Under our ESRM Policy, Citi screens for environ mental and social risks in project related transactions and clients subject to ESRM sector specific requirements.

In addition, the Policy includes Areas of High Caution, which identify flags for heightened risk factors to escalate to the specialized ESRM team for review regardless of financial product or sector.

The Risk Management Committee of our Board of Directors provides oversight in the area of climate risk and reviews and approves key risk policies, including those focused on environmental and social risk.

We offer three web based training modules for employees globally to raise awareness on the scope of our ESRM Policy, with additional training on use of proceeds transaction requirements and ESRM Sector Specific requirements.

In addition, we offer custom ized virtual or in person trainings covering topics such as environmental and social risks relevant to certain regions and sectors, implementation of the Equator Principles and our Sector Specific requirements, as well as specific topics such as human rights and biodiversity.

Our centralized ESRM team, part of the Risk Management function, evaluates transactions that trigger review under our ESRM Policy.

Because the Policy is applicable broadly throughout our financing activities, we engage across the firm with colleagues in banking, credit risk, climate risk, risk and controls, and regulatory teams, among others, to share ESRM subject matter knowledge and learn from internal expertise.

We provide ESRM training to key risk and banking personnel globally, to help them identify potential risks and opportunities to engage with our ESRM specialist team more effectively.

Firearms and categories, independent reviews and action plans.

Overviews of our Areas of High Caution, sector specific approaches and policy prohibitions.

The ESRM team reviews transactions subject to policy and benchmarks against relevant industry standards and best practice, identifying opportunities for improvement and engagement.

Our ESRM Policy also includes a number of prohibitions for environmental and social risks of highest concern, such as projects using forced labor or harmful child labor.

Refer to the ESRM section of our Environ mental and Social Policy Framework for more information.

For several years, Citi has been monitoring and analyzing risks associated with the Agribusi ness sector (including deforestation, decreased climate resilience, biodiversity loss and risks to the rights of Indigenous Peoples), as well as increasing our due diligence in this area and engaging with stakeholders regarding their concerns.

We updated our ESRM Policy in 2022 after conducting a portfolio review of our agri business clients with a focus on the impact of deforestation in sensitive ecoregions and related reputation risk.

Our recently established Agribusiness Sector Approach includes new requirements for the Soy sector (including producers, processors and traders) and Beef sector (including cattle ranchers, slaughterhouses and processing facilities) in sensitive ecoregions.

As a part of this ESRM Policy update, we will review beef clients that are producing in or sourcing from sensitive ecoregions, to confirm they have policies and management plans that demonstrate commit ment to 100% traceability of their supply chain in these sensitive regions, with consideration of international norms and industry best practices.

Soy clients producing in or sourcing from sensitive ecoregions will be evaluated against the Round Table on Responsible Soy requirements.

The Agribusiness Sector Approach also includes our previous Sector Approaches for Forestry and Palm Oil, which we updated to include down stream processors, refiners and traders in the palm oil industry.

We review our forestry and palm oil clients annually to confirm their ongoing management practices, including management systems consistent with the principles of No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation.

We also evaluate our palm oil clients’ identification and preservation of high conservation areas (including peatlands and high carbon stock forests) and implementation of best practices for fire prevention.

Our ESRM Policy approach to the Agribusiness sector refers to relevant independent certifica tions, such as the Forest Stewardship Council, the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil and the Round Table on Responsible Soy, that emphasize practices to reduce deforestation.

This updated standard will help us more effectively identify biodiversity risks and avoid deforestation risks, as well as mitigating associated risks related to climate and to Indigenous Peoples.

When the viability of a deal is first explored, our ESRM team works with Citi bankers to evaluate the magnitude of the potential environmental and social impacts associated with the trans action and to determine what action, if any, is needed to comply with our ESRM Policy prior to final approval of the transaction.

If, during our initial screening for a transaction, we find a risk of adverse impacts, we conduct enhanced due diligence, and we evaluate the client’s commitment and capacity to avoid, mitigate and or manage those impacts in accordance with international industry best practices and the client’s willingness to improve.

Our project related financing aligns with the Equator Principles, including the incorporation of relevant assessments, covenants and monitoring.

Higher risk, project related transactions receive in depth reviews by independent environmental and social consultants to benchmark against international standards.

If gaps are found between a client’s environmental and social plans, policies or practices and the expecta tions outlined in our ESRM Policy, we require the development of an Environmental and Social Action Plan (ESAP) to fill the gaps.

As a condition of financing, we require the client to implement the ESAP by specifying covenants in the loan agreement, and we monitor its progress over time, often using an independent consultant to conduct on the ground audits and report back to lenders.

These loan covenants are binding require ments, which include commitments to comply with laws and regulations as well as specific actions outlined in the ESAP.

If a client is not in compliance with the environmental and social covenants, Citi will work with the client on remedial actions to come back into compliance.

The first step in ESRM analysis of a transaction is to evaluate the level of risk related to the specific project or client activity.

If the environmental and or social risks and the likelihood for adverse impacts is too great and the client does not have appropriate policies and practices to avoid or mitigate potential impacts in line with ESRM Policy requirements, the ESRM team can decline involvement in the transaction at initial review.

In more nuanced cases with high environmental or social risks but also a number of potentially compensating and mitigating factors, the ESRM team escalates the transaction to senior business and risk managers for collective discussion on the risks and the client’s commitment and capacity to manage and mitigate those risks.

Citi may decline to move forward with a transaction after escalated consideration, or we may decide that we can move forward subject to certain explicit conditions for the client to meet in order to manage those risks appropriately.

In severe circumstances, where risks arise in existing client relationships to an unacceptable level and cannot be mitigated, we may end the client relationship.

Responsible Sourcing project related finance transactions, from initial identification of business opportunities through ongoing monitoring and supervision.

In addition, for non project related transac tions where risks have been flagged for ongoing monitoring, our ESRM team uses annual client credit reviews as touchpoints to assess progress on environmental and social issues.

Applying our ESRM Policy helps us to identify risks beyond traditional credit risks, guides how we evaluate transactions related to companies or projects in high risk sectors and presents opportunities for us to engage with clients on industry good practice used across their sector.

Over the last few years, we have seen a rapid increase in the volume and variety of transac tions flagged for ESRM review.

This is due to a variety of factors, including increased interest from regulators on ESRM related issues, the growth in ESG related financial products and greater engagement across the firm as employees receive additional training and become more aware of the potential environ mental and social risks in the transactions they are managing.

The ESRM team partners with internal colleagues across the firm to respond to the increasing attention and concern related to environmental and social issues.

Hydropower can support climate change reduction goals.

However, the development of new hydropower infrastructure can also have environmental and social risks.

In 2022, Citi helped finance a new hydropower trans mission line in North America.

We undertook comprehensive ESRM reviews as part of our financing decision process.

Our role: Citi is one bank in a larger syndi cate providing funding for this project.

Environmental and social concerns: Risk management issues included biodiversity concerns, preservation of watersheds and waterways and impacts on Indigenous Peoples.

Due Diligence: The banking syndicate fully applied the Equator Principles (EP) process, including engaging a consultant to complete independent environmental and social due diligence, including an EP climate change risk assessment for the transmission line and a human rights impact assessment for affected Indigenous Peoples, as well as an ESAP to detail additional actions needed to mitigate impacts over the life of the loan.

Risk mitigation: Examples of ESAP items include requirements for the project sponsor to protect marine fauna habitat and estab lish a fund for biodiversity restoration.

Climate and biodiversity are deeply interconnected, and there is an increasing awareness that climate change, along with other human caused stresses on natural systems, is contributing to biodiversity loss and ongoing extinction events.

We remain committed to expanding our understanding of the dynamics between climate and biodi versity and, to that end, engaged in the early development process for the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) as a member of the initial Informal Working Group.

The ESRM team uses a number of methods to proactively scan the evolving risk landscape for new, emerging risks, as well as risks with increased prominence and prevalence.

Through internal research, collaboration with others in our industry and the use of third party environ mental and social data, we monitor relevant developments in high risk industries and stake holder concerns to flag emerging issues.

Proactive monitoring helps us identify issues and the interrelated impacts of various sectors, so we can be responsive to evolving risks, raise awareness within Citi about emerging issues and identify clients that may be impacted for further engagement.

For example, we are tracking emerging risks associated with increased mining of metals and minerals needed for electrification, which is important in facilitating the low carbon transition.

Our ESRM team collaborates with our Sustainability and Corporate Transitions team to engage with clients working to transition toward more sustainable strategies and business models.

This provides opportunities for in depth discussions of specific sustainability topics, identifies ways of proactively mitigating environ mental and social risks, and supports our clients in their efforts to build a more sustainable business.

The breadth and depth of our ESRM team’s knowledge in these areas is a valuable tool to help us assess new transactions and to advise our clients as we collectively work toward achieving our decarbonization strategies.

For more information about the work Citi is doing to help clients transition to a low carbon future, see the Financing the Low Carbon Transition section.

We participate in many environmentally and socially focused multistakeholder initiatives and organizations, such as the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil and stakeholder review of the TNFD (see Biodiversity Loss: A Growing Risk).

We are a founding signatory of the Equator Principles Association, and we rejoined the EP steering committee in 2022 as the North America representative.

See the Human Rights section for a related example of our due diligence for a client in the gold mining industry.

We also conduct sector specific reviews to identify and mitigate emerging risks in our existing portfolio.

This process enables us to better understand how our clients manage environmental and social issues and provides valuable insight into the level of related risk across our portfolio.

Ongoing engagement with our clients is an important part of our ESRM process.

When we first established our ESRM policy, our engage ments were tied to specific, project related financial transactions and their associated environmental and social risks and mitigation efforts.

However, as we have developed Sector Approaches and Areas of High Caution over the years, we have added corporate level reviews and client engagements in a number of sectors.

These sector specific risk review processes encourage dialogue between Citi and our clients about the material environmental and social risks associated with their operations, enabling us to develop a better understanding of prevailing industry practices and our clients’ performance and to work with our clients toward more sustainable practices, as needed.

As part of our commitment to the Equator Principles (EP), we report annually on our implementation.

Note: Citi received external assurance of our Equator Principles data from SGS.

For our SGS Assurance Statement, see the Assurance section.

Note: Citi had no EP Project Finance Advisories, Acquisitions or Refinancings in 2022.

Designated Countries as defined by EP are high income OECD countries.

See the Equator Principles website for more information.

Non designated Countries as defined by EP are all non OECD countries and all OECD countries not designated as high income.

The ESRM team is consulted in the early stages of potential transactions, as well as during select annual credit reviews in higher risk sectors or clients.

The data on this page show the total transactions and client relationships screened by the ESRM team, regardless of whether a transaction proceeded to financial close.

For more information on our ESRM Policy, visit our Environmental and Social Policy Framework.

Sustainable finance products Green bonds, sustainability linked bonds or loans etc.

We are committed to respecting human rights wherever we do business.

We engage with a range of stakeholders, such as employees, clients, suppliers, peers, as well as human rights experts, civil society organizations and investors, to support our efforts to respect human rights in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights a global framework for preventing and addressing the risk of adverse impacts on human rights linked to business activity.

The UN Guiding Principles draw upon existing international human rights instru ments whose principles Citi has endorsed, such as those in the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Core Conventions.

During the development and subsequent updates of our Statement on Human Rights, we engaged internal and external stakeholders to help assess our actual and potential human rights impacts and to identify the most salient human rights risks faced by our employees, workers connected to our supply chain and individuals who might be affected by our clients’ operations.

Our Environmental and Social Risk Management (ESRM) Policy guides our approach to assessing environmental and social risks related to financing our clients’ business activities.

Learn more about our commitment to human rights and our approach to human rights protections: Citi Statement on Human Rights Environmental and Social Risk Management section.

Environmental and Social Policy Framework UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework.

Citi has spent more than a decade seeking to understand and mitigate the most salient human rights risks related to our business, including the activities of our clients and other business partners.

The most severe potential human rights risks posed by our clients’ activities, particularly in the context of project related finance, are identified under our ESRM Policy.

Although project finance gives us the most insight into specific project details and ability to use environmental and social loan covenants, we also screen for human rights risks and engagement opportunities in other types of corporate financing covered by our ESRM Policy and in targeted ESRM portfolio reviews of high risk sectors or geographies.

In addition, we identify and address salient human rights risks that could arise in other areas of our value chain, such as our supply chain, our workforce and our consumer banking activities.

For a full list of our salient human rights risks and the stakeholders they may impact, see the table on the following page.

Human rights content is integrated into the training we provide for the employees responsible for implementing our ESRM Policy and in our Code of Conduct training, which is required of all employees.

We also provide employees who are responsible for procurement and supply chain activities with a comprehensive training module on modern slavery.

In 2022, we began developing global training to help us standardize risk screening related to human rights across our banking functions, through greater understanding of salient human rights risks and information about when to escalate those risks to our centralized ESRM team.

During the year, we also worked with one of our partners to adapt training developed in cooperation with the UK Anti Slavery Commissioner for specific use with our UK employees, given the Modern Slavery Act legislation in that country.

This training focuses on the role of financial services in eradicating modern slavery and the processes and controls Citi has in place to identify related risks.

We made this training available to all employees in the UK in early 2023.

We also provided the Boards of Directors of two primary UK subsidiaries (Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Citigroup UK Limited) with a tutorial on human rights and modern slavery.

Due to similar Modern Slavery Act legislation in Australia, Citi is working with the same partners to adapt the training for employees in that country.

The UNGP Reporting Framework refers to a company’s salient human rights issues as those that are at risk of the most severe negative impact through the company’s activities or business relationships.

This table illus trates which stakeholders could be impacted by the human rights risks we have identified as most salient to our company.

Shaded rows indicate risks related to the Areas of High Caution defined in our ESRM Policy.

Citi has recognized the rights of Indigenous Peoples as an Area of High Caution under our ESRM Policy since 2008.

This designation provides special attention, focus and respect within our due diligence practices.

For more information about this Area of High Caution, see our Environmental and Social Policy Framework.

In 2022, Citi established a new Sector Approach for Agribusiness.

Citi has a long standing ESRM Sector Approach for our clients in the Palm Oil and Forestry industries.

In 2022, we expanded this standard to cover downstream palm oil processors, refiners and traders, and the soy and beef production and supply chains in sensitive ecoregions across Latin America.

Among other things, this updated Sector Approach helps us to more effectively evaluate these clients’ respect for the rights of Indigenous Peoples.

When agribusiness activities overlap with Indigenous Peoples’ territory or traditional lands, this can lead to conflicts and the need for companies to seek free, prior and informed consent for Indigenous Peoples.

As part of our updated Sector Approach, agribusiness clients that operate in or source from sensitive regions are evaluated against independent certification from industry organizations specifi cally the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil, the Round Table on Responsible Soy and the Forest Stewardship Council or, in the case of the beef industry, clients are evaluated against the Accountability Framework.

These external certifications and standards require that companies have processes that ensure free, prior and informed consent for Indigenous communities, among other environmental and social principles and criteria.

Certified companies are evaluated by a third party auditor on an annual basis to ensure continued compliance.

Our ESRM Policy prohibits financing any project for which our due diligence identifies the use of forced labor, harmful or exploit ative child labor, or when the relevant labor forces have been subjected to human traf ficking.

Each year, we disclose our approach to identifying and mitigating the risks of modern slavery in our operations (including client transactions) and in our supply chain.

These disclosures, for the UK and Australia, cover information about our governance and policies related to modern slavery, risk assessment and due diligence processes, and training.

Citi has identified workplace discrimination and threats to diversity and inclusion as salient human rights risks for our company.

As such, respect for diversity and inclusion is a high priority wherever we operate.

It can become a particular concern in countries where there is no legal protection against discrimination based on gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity, age, religion, physical or mental disability or medical condition, or sexual orientation, in addition to a range of other essential charac teristics inherent to identity and personhood.

Citi prohibits discrimination and harassment of our employees in all forms, regardless of whether or not individual protections are legally mandated in the countries and communities where we operate.

In fact, we know that even in locations with anti discrimination laws, there is still a need for companies to ensure that they are doing their part to respect individual rights.

We expect every Citi employee to adhere to our Code of Conduct, which includes a commitment to human rights, and to participate in relevant training.

Our Code of Conduct prohibits unlawful discrimination, harassment and other behavior that infringes on individual rights.

As stated in our Code of Conduct, Citi expects all employees, as well as suppliers, clients and community partners globally, to respect the principle of nondiscrimination.

Learn more about our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts for employees in the Talent and Diversity, Equity Inclusion section.

Citi has employees who are represented by unions and works councils in a number of countries where we operate.

In addition, a portion of our employee population is covered by collective bargaining agreements.

We engage directly with our employees and through these associations to discuss issues such as health and safety, remuneration, work hours, training, career development, work time flexibility and equal opportunity.

Information related to freedom of association is communicated to employees through various mediums, including employee handbooks, our intranet and employee emails.

Effectively evaluating human rights risks related to our clients and the projects we finance is a sensitive and important challenge.

We work diligently to meet this challenge and respect human rights.

We have established policies and practices that help us consider the respect of human rights.

For example, our anti money laundering policies and practices support our ability to avoid business transactions with potential adverse impacts on human rights.

However, there are times when the link is less direct between our financial services and human rights impacts.

In these instances, we work to improve our clients’ awareness and business practices.

In addition, where a transaction’s financial and legal structure allow it, and Citi has identified a concern, we may put loan covenants in place and monitor mitigation efforts through our ESRM systems and corrective action plans.

Human rights concerns related to a particular client or transaction may be escalated to the specialist ESRM team for review and consul tation, regardless of sector or financial product.

Our ESRM team may further escalate human rights risks identified to relevant reputation risk forums, which might include Reputation Risk teams, relevant regional or global committees, or a designated human rights working group or task force.

Along with several other banks, Citi is providing financing for a gold mining company in a non OECD country.

This financing is not tied to a specific project, but rather will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and operational expenditures.

Understanding and working to mitigate potential human rights concerns in this company’s operations has been an important element of our financing decision process.

Our role: The Citi ESRM team proposed including an envi ronmental and social requirement to the loan agreement that would provide a framework for the client to bring its management systems into alignment with international standards and guide future engagements should opportunities for additional financing arise.

Human rights concerns: Potential risks identified through due diligence included worker safety due to a lack of proper personal protective equipment, unclear management practices related to the use of hazardous chemicals, and concerns about inadequate water management and impacts to local waterways.

Due diligence and risk mitigation: In response to require ments from the lending institutions that the company align with international standards as a condition for financing, the company agreed to hire an independent consultant to benchmark its procedures and policies against the International Cyanide Management Code and the Responsible Gold Mining Principles.

The consultant was tasked with developing a timebound action plan for alignment, which will inform ongoing monitoring and due diligence.

The mining sector in this region is prone to increased human rights risks as a result of informal artisanal small scale mining (ASM) operations.

This kind of mining is typically unmechanized and often occurs without proper permits or safety standards.

Because ASM is frequently performed by untrained laborers in areas with high unemployment and poverty, many people are put in harm’s way even as they depend on ASM for their livelihoods.

Our role: While Citi does not directly finance ASM operations, our mining clients may be exposed to ASM activities on or near their mine sites.

Our risk screening practices help us to identify geographies that require addi tional due diligence to identify any risks of ASM occurring on our clients’ mining sites, which further led us to engage with our mining clients to understand how they protect against the risk of ASM and ensure that the human rights of those in local communities are being respected.

Human rights concerns: Potential risks include security, health and safety, and child labor.

Evolving industry good practice: We are seeing a trend among our clients toward maturing practices in this area, specifically related to community engagement and additional oversight of ASM activities, rather than outright prohibition.

Many legitimate mining companies are working to formalize previously informal, unsafe and potentially illegal ASM operations that were occurring within or adjacent to their official mining concessions.

This formalization will establish more oversight to protect human rights and make the mining activities safer.

In addition, these established mining companies are engaging with local communities to shift reliance away from unsafe ASM operations toward agricultural programs and to support educational programs for children as an alternative to working in the mines.

Due diligence: By conducting due diligence on this risk, we emphasize to our clients the importance of evaluating all the human rights risks within their own operations and encourage them to learn from evolving good industry practice to work with local communities on safe work environments and alternative job opportunities.

Citi has thousands of corporate and institutional clients.

The UN Guiding Principles acknowledge the challenges presented by extensive business relationships, and we have adopted the approach set out in the UN Guiding Principles of prioritizing our due diligence and risk mitigation first in areas where the risk of adverse human rights impact is most significant from the perspective of the people who may be affected.

We use our ESRM Policy and review process to screen transactions for social impacts, assess and manage risks consistently and evaluate client operations against a common set of standards grounded in international best practices, including those related to human rights.

See the Environmental and Social Risk Management section for details.

The UN Guiding Principles call on governments and companies to play their respective roles in ensuring that victims of human rights abuse have access to effective remedy.

Remedy can take many different forms, including apologies, financial or nonfinancial compensation, or efforts to prevent future harm through policy commitments and changes in operational practice.

When we are made aware of potentially severe adverse human rights impacts related to our financing of a client, our approach to remedy usually involves working with clients to ensure they have the right policies in place and that channels are available to enable victims to lodge grievances.

Our ESRM team screens transactions under the ESRM Policy for potential human rights risks.

The specific types of human rights risks we screen for are outlined in the table below.

Further data related to ESRM Policy screening can be found in the Environmental and Social Risk Management section.

Project related transactions: When human rights risks are identified, the ESRM team might decline to approve the opportunity outright (if the risks are deemed too high to address) or outline what further due diligence would be needed and which standards would need to be met for the transaction to proceed.

If an opportunity progresses to the due diligence phase, our requirements include gaining access to project assessment information that allows us to benchmark according to relevant standards, supported by a qualified independent consultant.

If a project is not aligned with applicable international standards, we will not approve financing unless we are satisfied that the client has appropriate plans and capacity to mitigate project risks.

General corporate level transactions (e.g., renewing revolving credit facilities, issuing corporate bonds): Although we do not have the same direct leverage and access to information in general financing that we do in project related financing, we still identify sensitive sectors where we screen for potential elevated human rights risks and, when identified, review our clients’ human rights policies and practices.

This prioriti zation leads us to evaluate our clients’ ability to avoid, minimize, manage and mitigate potential human rights risks.

We engage our clients to understand their implementation of those policies, whether they have adequate staffing to manage these issues, and we review and encourage strong disclosures of human rights policies.

Responsible Sourcing will encourage clients to follow up on allega tions and to have established processes to offer remedy or to cooperate with authorities to make sure effective remedy is provided.

For example, in 2022, Citi worked alongside other lending institutions to develop an action plan for an agricultural company in Asia.

That plan required, in part, an audit of labor practices, which revealed that some of the company’s workers were suffering indebtedness as the result of unfair recruiting practices.

In response to the audit and concerns identified, the company changed its recruiting systems to help address the risk of this type of unfair practice and reimbursed the affected workers.

The Ethics Hotline provides different channels for employees and any third party, including members of the general public, to report concerns about unethical behavior to our Ethics Office.

In addition to internal and public facing websites that facilitate submission of concerns, a telephone line is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with live operators who can connect callers to translators in multiple languages.

In addition, for project related finance, we apply the Equator Principles to assess and manage environmental and social risks.

This includes an assessment of the project sponsor’s stakeholder engagement process, as well as its operational level grievance mechanisms that allow affected communities to raise concerns proactively with the project developers.

To ensure that we are living up to our commitment to respect human rights and to help identify emerging risks, we regularly communicate our approach externally, engage with stakeholders on their issues of concern and work to advance respect for human rights more broadly.

We led an Equator Principles Association collab oration with Shift to develop enhanced guidance for EP financial institutions (published in 2022) for evaluating adequate grievance mechanisms and access to remedy.

Citi is also a member of the Shift Financial Institutions Practitioners Circle.

Through this group, we participate in workshops related to skill building on human rights due diligence for ESRM practitioners and deep dives into emerging salient human rights risks.

This collaboration has helped us refine our approach to forced labor and human rights in the Asia Pacific region.

In addition, we continued to pay close attention to human rights issues raised by stakeholders.

Although banks are often under pressure to disclose specific findings related to client projects, we are bound by legal requirements related to confidentiality that limit our ability to disclose such information without client consent.

We must respect the requirements for client confidentiality in the banking sector, but we always implement our ESRM Policy to guide our client engagement to help identify solutions to human rights challenges.

We have policies and systems in place to help ensure that we treat customers responsibly and fairly, such as our Code of Conduct and the internal checks and balances we employ when creating new products.

We offer our clients an array of products and services based on their needs, wants and preferences, while adhering to our internal policies and procedures as well as applicable laws and regulations.

We work diligently to clearly disclose all features and terms and conditions, including applicable fees and charges, for the products and services offered, so that clients can select and use the products or services best suited to them.

New products are approved by cross functional committees that include senior executives from Risk, Legal, our Independent Compliance Risk Management team and other relevant units.

Citi also does periodic testing or monitoring of marketing materials and disclosures.

In addition, Personal Banking Wealth Management has a global approach for handling customer complaints and concerns in a timely and effective manner, in line with our commitment to provide financial services responsibly and treat customers fairly.

In 2022, we established a centralized Financial Inclusion and Racial Equity team within U.S.

This team is developing targeted and integrated segment strategies, driving seamless customer centric execution, and championing greater financial inclusion, racial equity and customer protection.

This will help institutionalize racial equity within our business practices and policies.

We are also working to cultivate greater diversity and inclusivity in our marketing and commu nications.

For example, Citi collaborated with Getty Images and the research firm Kantar to develop and launch 10 market specific Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE I) Imagery Toolkits to drive authentic and multifaceted depictions of people in marketing and communications.

Each toolkit evaluates the local landscape of the market, including demographics, trends in imagery, areas of diversity that are often missing in imagery and opportunities to combat stereo types.

We have made the toolkits available for free as a global public good via the Getty DE I Imagery Toolkit hub, so marketers and commu nicators across brands and industries can better promote authentic visual representation in their advertising.

We have also hosted market specific workshops with our agency partners and Citi colleagues across marketing, communications and human resources, and commissioned approximately 900 custom images to fill DE I imagery gaps in our internal image library for use in our global creative work.

Through our sponsorships, we seek to pursue purposeful partnerships that align with our mission and values, that demonstrate positive societal impact, and that leave a legacy in the communities we serve.

For example, we have a long standing commitment to supporting Para athletes and have partnered for many years with the International Paralympic Committee (IPC), which focuses on positively changing society’s perceptions of people with disabilities.

In 2022, Citi became a founding partner of IPC’s PARA SPORT and committed to help grow Para ice hockey, with a focus on advancing gender equity in the sport.

In support of this commitment, Citi was the presenting sponsor of the first Women’s World Challenge Para ice hockey tournament, held in 2022 in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

During the year, we also continued to feature Para athletes prominently in our global StareAtGreatness campaign, which seeks to change the perception of individuals with disabilities by focusing on their incredible achievements.

We strive to provide products and services that meet the accessibility needs and pref erences of all our clients.

For example, we offer braille and talking ATMs, large print and braille statements and raised line checks for persons with visual disabilities.

We also accept all calls placed through 711 and other telecommunications relay services.

In addition, we have developed fully acces sible explanatory videos for our U.S.

Branded Cards business, to heighten customer comprehension of key topics.

This includes real time descriptive transcripts, embedded closed captions and content readability.

In 2022, Citi became the first major U.S. bank to eliminate overdraft fees.

This includes overdraft fees, returned item fees, and overdraft protection transfer fees on Citi Retail Banking consumer deposit accounts.

Works as described: Consumers can predict how products and services will work.

Appropriate: Consumers can rely on Citi to offer appropriate products and services that meet their needs.

Value: Consumers receive value that is reasonably related to the cost of the products and services.

Ease of understanding: Consumers understand the terms and conditions of the products and services (particularly limitations and exclusions).

We strive to adhere to high ethical standards, to earn and maintain the public’s trust and to deliver products and services that provide value, clarity and dependability in line with our Treating Customers Fairly principles.

For example, many of our services are provided in multiple languages to support the diverse populations we serve, and our products are tailored to meet the needs of the individuals in the countries where we do business.

In addition, our chosen name feature was designed to solve key pain points for our transgender and nonbinary customers by giving Citi customers the option to use their chosen first name on their eligible card and within our servicing channels without requiring a legal name change.

Branded credit cards to include eligible U.S. debit cards as well.

Branded credit cards and U.S. debit cards can leverage this feature.

As of the end of 2022, more than 35,000 customers had updated their first names on their physical cards.

Our Global Consumer Fairness Policy provides a framework for reviewing consumer fairness concerns and a sustainable model for managing emerging risks.

The policy covers all aspects of the consumer product and services life cycle, including new product development, marketing, sales (including variable incentive compensation), underwriting and onboarding, as well as all other stages.

These include expected controls, such as review of adver tising and marketing by Compliance and Legal, to make sure they are clear, truthful and are not misleading.

Additional policy documents, such as those related to Fair Debt Collection Practices, advertising and sales practices, and complaint handling, work together to support the overall fairness framework.

As part of this program, Personal Banking Wealth Management and Institutional Clients Group employees complete annual Treating Customers Fairly training.

The 2022 training was assigned to approximately 100,000 Citi employees globally as of the time of this report’s publication.

The training focuses on identifying and escalating fairness issues and shows how fairness influences real world results.

Citi has formal escalation processes to our governance committees and Board of Directors, to facilitate consistent, timely and appro priate identification, analysis and escalation of potential consumer fairness and reputational and franchise risk issues.

We consider alignment with our Treating Customers Fairly principles when developing our employees’ variable incentive plans.

For example, we use client satisfaction metrics, where available, along with other product based metrics, to encourage achievement of business results that adhere to internal policies and our Code of Conduct.

We also routinely evaluate incentive plans, training content, controls, monitoring results and oversight activities to maintain a sales force that delivers on our commitment to serving our customers with fairness, value, clarity and dependability.

Additionally, we provide annual training and have measures in place to monitor sales practices, including auditing and metrics that assess client risk profiles.

Responsible Sourcing risk profile and design contact strategies that are vetted for compliance with applicable laws.

We ensure that contact strategies are vetted for privacy and fairness considerations before implementation.

Our Global Financial Access Policy establishes the guiding principles and minimum standards for fair, equitable and nondiscriminatory access to the goods, products, services, facilities, privileges, advantages or accommodations that Citi provides to customers and clients.

Further, it prohibits discrimination against actual or prospective clients on the basis of race, ethnicity, sex (which encompasses gender as well as sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression), religion, national origin, disability or other prohibited factors.

This commitment is backed by training, processes, controls and oversight to help prevent discrim ination.

In addition, we continually work to understand evolving discrimination risks and update our approach to preventing such risks in our business strategies, as well as in the design and delivery of our products and services.

Citi has a Global Complaints Standard and a formal complaint handling and governance program to ensure proper controls around identification, capturing and monitoring of consumer complaints, including those submitted to regulators.

A global complaint forum assesses complaint volume trends, issues and appropriate actions needed to address areas of potential risk.

Allegations of discrimination or complaints that meet specific fairness triggers are escalated for review, to determine whether the allegations are substantiated.

Additionally, complaints metrics are used to identify where there may be an emerging fairness risk related to a business, product or service, or to the adequacy of handling complaints.

We hold a Fair and Inclusive Banking off site training with senior management from across the company to deepen their understanding of fair lending and consumer fairness.

Our Supply Chain Development, Inclusion and Sustainability Team (SCDIS) leads our efforts to make decisions that support our responsible sourcing priorities: Support and expand diverse suppliers Encourage supplier sustainability practices Mitigate social and environmental risks related to suppliers.

Citi integrates supplier diversity across our entire business.

Our SCDIS team sets clear supplier diversity goals and embeds them in our sourcing processes.

Every bid over 250,000 requires the consideration of certified diverse firms.

One of our Action for Racial Equity commit ments is investment in Black entrepreneurship, which includes goals for spending with certified diverse suppliers.

We are also committed to procuring goods and services from women owned businesses, with an emphasis in developing markets.

The Supplier Diversity Racial Equity task force meets bi weekly to review progress against our supplier diversity goals, evaluate spend with diverse suppliers and discuss new opportunities with broader initiatives across the company.

In 2022, we engaged sourcing and business colleagues throughout Citi to share infor mation with them about more than 200 diverse suppliers that have expertise in information technology staffing, learning and development, customer experience, neurodiversity, career entry, and advertising and marketing.

We undertake a broad range of activities to expand our base of diverse suppliers.

Highlights from 2022 include: Enhancing our internal processes to better pinpoint business needs, so we can more effectively identify diverse firms that are qualified for specific opportunities at Citi.

Continue to spend 1 billion annually with certified diverse suppliers.

Continue to spend 250 million annually with certified Black owned suppliers.

Increase spending with certified women owned suppliers.

Tier 1 suppliers are those Citi procures goods and services from directly.

This includes spend with many types of certified diverse suppliers, including Black owned and women owned firms.

The Citi Statement of Supplier Principles outlines the guidelines for our sustainable supply chain initiatives, including those related to human rights, ethical business practices and environmental sustainability.

The Citi Requirements for Suppliers provides detailed processes and procedures that our suppliers must follow for contractual compliance and information about other key Citi policy obligations.

We also ask suppliers to abide by the Citi Statement on Human Rights, including compliance with modern slavery regulations.

For more information about our approach in this area, see the Human Rights section.

Supporting suppliers through seminars on navigating the lending process, including introduction to lenders through Bridge built by Citi.

Networking with and identifying certified diverse firms through participation in the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) Conference Exchange, and attending matchmaker sessions via NMSDC, New York New Jersey Minority Supplier Development Council (NYNJMSDC), New York National LGBT Chamber of Commerce, Minority Supplier Development UK, WBENC and WEConnect.

In 2022, Citi was awarded the National Corporation of the Year Award by the NYNJMSDC.

This award recognizes best practices in inclusion of minority businesses, including Asian, Black, Hispanic and Native American suppliers, as well as demonstrated results in areas important to minority supplier development processes, including policies, growth in spend, minority business develop ment, and leadership and engagement.

Onboarded three minority broker dealers to the equity share buyback platform and established a pipeline through 2024 for additional broker dealers.

Hosted an annual breakfast at which diverse broker dealers can share best practices and network with Citi leaders.

Aligned with our Action for Racial Equity commit ments, we continued to expand our capital market activities with minority owned broker dealers to assist with business and franchise development.

Engaged minority and women owned firms to participate in 88% of our benchmark debt issu ances, including 100% of our USD transactions.

Worked with minority broker dealers exclu sively to lead several bond issuances:.

Women owned broker dealers: 2.25 billion deal (March 2022).

Veteran owned broker dealers: 2.0 billion deal (May 2022).

Citi supports the Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment (BBBEE) program in South Africa.

In 2022, our BBBEE Scorecard improved from Level 3 to Level 2, due, in part, to our work to support and empower diverse businesses in the region.

For example, our South African Country Sourcing Manager collaborated with our Country Business Travel Shared Service Head of Dining Services to support the development of a Black , woman owned business to run the coffee shop in one of our local facilities.

This achievement had a significant positive impact on our BBBEE Scorecard, and as a result, Citi is more likely to be awarded requests for proposals (RFPs) and to be recognized as an organization that supports supplier diversity, the empowerment of small businesses and the growth of the South African economy.

The SCDIS team provides U.S. based small firms and women , veteran , disability , LGBTQ and minority owned businesses access to business opportunities, training and mentoring.

Our team identifies certified diverse suppliers, including small businesses that can meet our supply chain needs, then subsequently works to build their capabilities.

Highlights from 2022 include: Collaborating with the NYNJMSDC to host the 12th annual Sustainability Symposium, during which Citi participated on an ESG focused panel addressing supplier diversity, the UK and Australia Modern Slavery Acts, climate change and preparing suppliers to meet net zero expectations Conducting regional Doing Business with Citi sessions across Asia Pacific, Latin America and Mexico, open to any supplier affiliated with select diversity certification agencies, during which we shared best practices for doing business with Citi and other large companies.

IT hardware and e waste disposal: As a result of choosing EPEAT certified options for more than 94% of our servers, laptops, desktop computers, monitors and mobile phones in 2022, we estimate an energy savings of 222 million kilowatt hours and a greenhouse gas reduction of 47,491 metric tons of CO2 over the life cycle of the products.

In 2022, we received the EPEAT Purchaser Award from the Global Electronics Council for excellence in procurement related to servers, PCs and mobile phones.

Operations section for information about our efforts related to efficient business travel.

Supporting the NYNJMSDC cohort of the NMSDC Centers of Excellence Certificate Program a one year program that connects mid sized, minority owned businesses with corporate members to foster collaboration, networking and mentoring in pursuit of greater minority inclusion in corporate supply chains.

Citi has three sustainability focus areas for our supply chain: paper and paper products, IT hardware and e waste disposal, and travel and logistics.

We have developed actions for each of these areas and incorporated them into our supply chain Global Operating Procedures.

Highlights for each of our focus areas in 2022 included: Paper and paper products: Although ongoing global supply chain disruptions have presented challenges in sourcing adequate supplies of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Chain of Custody certified paper, we will continue working to transition to FSC certified paper for the outer envelopes used for our statements and customer communications, and also to expand the use of digital alternatives.

We reported the information cited in this Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index for the period January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, with reference to the GRI Standards, including the updated GRI 1: Foundation 2021, GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021, GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 and the GRI G4 Financial Services Sector Supplement.

The following index provides readers with references for where they can find information in this report and other public documents addressing GRI disclosures relevant to our business.

Please visit the GRI website for the full text of the disclosures and other information on the GRI reporting framework.

Citi does not disclose the full list of legal entities.

Consistent with financial reporting, all of our consolidated entities are covered in this report.

We secure external assurance annually for data related to our reporting on the Equator Principles.

There are no significant variations in employment numbers (such as seasonal variations in employment).

Citi may engage external service providers who may be responsible for performing noncore business activities or engage nonemployee resources who are employed by an external third party but support Citi processes.

These nonemployee resources could be working under Citi supervision or be working under the supervision of an external third party in the third party’s facility.

Citi may engage external service providers or nonemployees for a variety of different business purposes, including project based work for a defined period of time, specialized niche skill sets that are not readily available or professional and outsourced services.

Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee Charter.

Our Board level Audit Committee has oversight of controls and procedures related to Our ESG and climate related reporting, including both voluntary disclosures and regulatory filings.

The Global ESG Council provides senior management oversight of the workstreams discussed in the report.

Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee.

The Chair of the Board is a nonexecutive, independent director.

Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee Charter.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Our Approach to Managing Climate Risk Climate Risk in Our.

Financing the Low Carbon Transition Transforming Our Business to.

We offer competitive salaries based on our Compensation Philosophy, which includes ensuring that entry level employees receive competitive wages within the industry.

We also offer employees the opportunity to take advantage of formal or informal flexible work arrangements, including part time work and job sharing.

We conduct an annual review of compensation, which includes multiple layers of reviews of compensation recommendations and pay equity analysis.

When hiring for senior management, we may consider qualified candidates from across the globe.

Financing the Low Carbon Transition Transforming Our Business to.

Financing Social Impact Supporting Affordable Housing.

Financing the Low Carbon Transition Transforming Our Business to.

Risk Management Managing Corruption and Tax Related Risks.

Risk Management Managing Corruption and Tax Related Risks.

Risk Management Managing Corruption and Tax Related Risks.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Risk Management Biodiversity Loss: A Growing Risk.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Risk Management Biodiversity Loss: A Growing Risk.

Citi did not generate any hazardous waste during the reporting period.

Our Talent and DEI Strategy Recruit, Retain and Promote.

Our Talent and DEI Strategy Recruit, Retain and Promote.

Employees receive formal feedback from their managers through midyear and year end reviews.

Citi encourages employees and their managers to create individual plans that consider the skills, strategic development opportunities and behaviors needed to enhance current performance and prepare for future roles.

These plans are discussed as part of midyear and year end reviews, and employees are encouraged to take part in stretch assignments and development programs to further build skills.

All Citi employees have the ability to request feedback from and provide feedback to colleagues, while managers can also ask for feedback on team members throughout the year.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Respecting the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

We have not identified operations as having significant risk for incidence of child labor.

Our business overall is not at high risk because of the nature of work in the financial services industry.

In addition, we do not directly source high risk agricultural commodities, conflict minerals or other raw materials, goods or services in significant amounts from suppliers in high risk jurisdictions.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

We have not identified operations as having significant risk for incidence of forced or compulsory labor.

In addition, we do not directly source high risk agricultural commodities, conflict minerals or other raw materials in significant amounts from suppliers in high risk jurisdictions.

Human Rights Identifying Human Rights Risks in Transactions.

Financing Social Impact Supporting Affordable Housing.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer.

Financing the Low Carbon Transition Transforming Our Business to Support a Low Carbon Economy.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer.

This index was prepared with reference to the Industry Standards Version 2018 10 issued by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).

The disclosures below relate to three sector standards aligned to our mix of businesses: Commercial Banks, Consumer Finance and Investment Banking Brokerage.

Unless otherwise noted, data and descriptions apply to our entire company, not just the businesses relevant to that sector.

We do not yet disclose all metrics included in the sector standards, but we will continue to evaluate their relevance to our business.

All data is as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, unless otherwise noted.

For reasons driven by operational security, Citi generally does not publicly disclose details regarding security incidents.

Our approach to cybersecurity is detailed in this report, including our approach to cybersecurity breaches.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer Information.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer Information.

Citi engages in community development efforts by equity investment through the Citi Impact Fund and financing affordable housing and community development projects through our Citi Community Capital group.

Key statistics and the impacts of these efforts as well as activity to support small business lending can be found in this report.

Building Equitable Resilient Communities Investing in Our Communities: 2022 Highlights.

FN CB 240a.3 In 2014, Citi launched the Access Account a simple, checkless bank account with low or no monthly fees and no overdraft fees, which provides customers with a straightforward way to save money and manage their finances.

As of Dec. 31, 2022, there were 332,913 active Access checking accounts.

In 2022, Citi eliminated overdraft fees, returned item fees and overdraft protection fees, representing the Company’s continued commit ment to expand access to inclusive banking products and services that can help advance economic progress, especially for underbanked and unbanked communities.

In addition to eliminating these fees, Citi will continue to offer a robust suite of free overdraft protection services for its consumers.

Citi does not track whether account holders were formerly unbanked underbanked.

Serving Our Customers and Clients Responsibly Treating Customers Fairly.

FN CB 240a.4 Our efforts to support underbanked individuals and small businesses are discussed in this report.

Our 1 Trillion Goal Sustainable Finance in Action.

Strategic Philanthropy: The Citi Foundation Community Finance Innovation Fund.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Citi does not disclose total losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with financial industry laws or regulations.

However, Citi provides information regarding material legal matters, in accor dance with SEC requirements and US GAAP in its 10 K and other applicable SEC filings.

Human Rights Reporting Mechanisms for Stakeholders.

Citi discloses the value of outstanding consumer and corporate loans in its 10 K. Consumer loans are reported as consumer mortgages and credit card loans, while personal, small business and other loans are aggregated.

Citi does not disclose total losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with customer privacy.

However, Citi provides information regarding material legal matters, in accordance with SEC requirements and US GAAP in its 10 K and other applicable SEC filings.

Citi does not aggregate and publicly disclose losses due to fraud.

Citi does not disclose total losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with selling and servic ing of products.

However, Citi provides information regarding material legal matters, in accordance with SEC requirements and US GAAP in its 10 K and other applicable SEC filings.

Citi discloses the number of new retail banking and credit card account acquisitions.

Citi does not disaggregate credit card and prepaid debit card accounts nor report unique consumers.

Citi discloses the number of new retail banking and credit card account acquisitions.

Citi does not disaggregate credit card and prepaid debit card accounts.

Our Talent and DEI Strategy 2025 Aspirational Representation Goals.

Our Talent and DEI Strategy Diversity at the Top: Senior Leader Representation.

FN IB 410a.3 Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management Environmental and Social Policy Framework.

FN IB 510b.2 Citi does not report this information.

FN IB 510b.3 Citi does not disclose total losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with professional integrity, including duty of care.

However, Citi provides information regarding material legal matters, in accordance with SEC requirements and US GAAP in its 10 K and other applicable SEC filings.

Citi discloses the breakdown of annual compensation for its executive officers in its Proxy State ment.

A multi year variable remuneration program for certain executive officers, called the Transfor mation Bonus Program, is also disclosed within the Proxy.

Discussion and Analysis back provisions in its Proxy Statement.

FN IB 550b.3 Citi does not report this information.

Dealogic press view standards were used to run the league tables.

Values include Dealogic Rank Eligible transactions only.

Citi volume for Mergers and Acquisitions is Equal Credit to Target and Acquirer Advisors.

Citi volume for underwriting is Full to Book Manager, Equal if Joint Books.

Underwriting is inclusive of equity and equity linked securities, debt capital markets issuances including securitization of assets and mortgage backed securities, and syndicated loans.

Securitizations consist of asset and mortgage backed securities.

Derivatives are not accounted for in the table above.

Citi does not disclose all of its proprietary investments.

Citi Ventures maintains an active portfolio of over 100 companies across seven fintech and enterprise tech focus areas.

The Citi Impact Fund makes equity investments in companies that are addressing societal challenges in the areas of Financial Inclusion, Future of Work, Climate Resilience and Social Infrastructure.

Citi joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2010, and we continue to embed the Compact’s Ten Principles across our business and report on activities related to human rights, labor issues, the environment and anti corruption.

The following table indicates where readers can find information that addresses our support of the principles, either in this report or other publicly available documents.

Principle 2: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions and.

Principle 6: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Principle 9: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

Principle 10: Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.

Risk Management Managing Corruption and Tax Related Risks.

We have included information and disclosures in this report aligned with the United Nations Guiding Principles reporting framework.

This reflects our support of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and our commitment to transparency and accountability regarding our human rights related activities and policies.

The following table indicates where readers can find infor mation that addresses the framework requirements, either in this report or other publicly available documents.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer Information.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Risk Management Escalation of High Risk Transactions and Clients and by the Board, and why.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Disclosures Related to Modern Slavery.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Action for Racial Equity achieving respect for human rights, and what has changed as a result.

State the salient human rights issues associated with the company’s activ ities and business relationships during the reporting period.

Human Rights Salient Human Rights Risks: Stakeholder Impacts.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Describe how the salient human rights issues were determined, including any input from stakeholders.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

If reporting on the salient human rights issues focuses on particular geog raphies, explain how that choice was made.

While salient human rights risks and our efforts to manage them occur at a global level, this report provides a breakdown of our human rights due diligence for several salient risks at the project level and a separate break down of our due diligence of these and other environmental and social risks at the regional and sector levels for purposes of fulfilling the transparency requirements of the Equator Principles.

Risk Management 2022 Projects Covered by the Equator Principles.

Identify any severe impacts on human rights that occurred or were still being addressed during the reporting period, but which fall outside of the salient human rights issues, and explain how they have been addressed.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Our Commitment to Respect Human Rights.

Human Rights Respecting the Human Rights of Our Employees.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Risk Management Analysis of Current and Emerging Risks.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Risk Management Environmental and Social Risk Management.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Financing Social Impact or mitigate potential impacts related to each salient issue.

Risk Management Safeguarding Data and Protecting Customer Information.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Human Rights Due Diligence in Action.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

Ethics and Culture at Citi Assessing Our Culture of Ethics.

Human Rights Respecting Human Rights in Our Financing Decisions.

Human Rights Listening to Stakeholders and Addressing Grievances.

In 2022, concerns were raised by stakeholders relating to the Oil Gas, Manufacturing, Technology and Palm Oil sectors.

We engage with these industries directly through client relationships, stakeholder meetings and active participation in relevant initiatives.

For instance, our membership in the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil enables us to engage with multiple stakeholders connected to the Palm Oil value chain, to improve the collective effort to reduce human rights risks associated with this commodity.

In addition, our touch points during annual reviews allow us to evaluate human rights risks and management through client engagements.

The disclosures included in this report are being provided to the public in an effort to provide trans parency into our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives to respond to investor and other stakeholder requests, and to further enhance our collective understanding of ESG issues.

Our approaches to the disclosures included in this report differ in significant ways from those included in mandatory regulatory reporting, including under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations.

Thus, while certain matters discussed in this report may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes of complying with the U.S. federal securities laws and regulations, even if we use the word material or materiality in this report.

Certain statements in this report are forward looking statements within the meaning of the U.S.

These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are often beyond our control.

These statements are not guarantees of future results, occurrences, or performance.

Actual results and financial outcomes may differ materially from those included in any of these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to the precautionary statements included in this report as well as the following factors: global socio demographic and economic trends, climate related conditions and weather events, energy prices and technological innovations, consumer and client behavior, data limitations and uncertainty, legislative and regulatory changes, and other unforeseen events or condi tions.

Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in forward looking statements can be found in this report, in Citi’s filings with the SEC, including, without limita tion, the Risk Factors section of Citi’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K. Precautionary statements included in such filings should be read in conjunction with this document.

Any forward looking state ments made by or on behalf of Citi speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward looking statements were made.

This report contains statements based on hypo thetical or severely adverse scenarios and assumptions, and these statements should not necessarily be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk.

While future events discussed in this report may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality of the disclosures required under U.S. federal securities laws.

Citi, Citi with Arc Design and Citibank are trademarks and servicemarks of Citigroup Inc. (and its affiliates) and are used and registered throughout the world.