Ce chier est un document d’ex cution cr sur Illustrator version CS6.

TotalEnergies places sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its strategy, projects and operations to contribute to people’s well being and aims to be a benchmark for endorsement of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.

To that end, TotalEnergies leverages the principles of action at the core of its responsible business model and its Code of Conduct, which applies to all of the Company’s operations around the world: Safety is a TotalEnergies value.

Safety, operational excellence and sustainable development go hand in hand.

Respect for each other is another TotalEnergies value and respect for human rights is a cor nerstone of its Code of Conduct.

Zero Tolerance is the rule in the ght against corruption and fraud.

Transparency is the rule in engagement with society, whatever the subject.

TotalEnergies’ commitment to the Sustainable Development Goals has four dimensions addressed by this report: Climate and sustainable energy, People’s well being, Care for the environment and Creating shared value.

TotalEnergies creates and drives positive change for communities in its host territories and, more broadly, for its employees, suppliers, customers, partners, states and civil society.

TotalEnergies, a member of the UN Global Compact, supporting the Sustainable Development Goals since 2016  participant, as in 2020, 2019 and 2018.

In September 2021, TotalEnergies responded to the UN Energy initiative by establishing an Energy Compact in which we announce the concrete measures we are going to implement to promote access to clean and affordable energy for all by 2030 (SDG7).

We estimate that, of the 100 GW of renewable electricity we will install by 2030, some 33 GW will be located in emerging or developing countries, providing sustainable energy to around 40 million people, some of whom will never have had decent access to energy.

In 2021 2022, we are deploying a participatory approach to SDG training for all the Company’s employees, in order to involve them in the establishment of a sustainable development barometer that TotalEnergies will publish as of 2023.

Awarded a 1.5 GW offshore concession with GIG in the U.K.

Acquired a 23% interest in Yunlin, a 640 MW offshore project under construction in Taiwan.

Acquired a 20% interest in Adani Green Energy Limited.

Formed a joint venture with Hanwha to develop 1.6 GW of storage capacity in the United States.

Acquired a pipeline of 2.2 GW of solar projects and 600 MW of storage projects in the United States.

Started up production at the Yunlin offshore wind farm in Taiwan.

Formed partnerships with Simply Blue Group to develop floating offshore wind power in the United States.

Commissioned France’s largest battery storage site in Dunkirk.

Signed agreement with Siemens Energy to reduce LNG emissions.

Signed a technological agreement with Technip Energies.

Obtained new licenses to develop low carbon natural gas projects concerning low carbon LNG in Oman.

Signed an agreement to collect and process gas for power generation in Iraq y t i c i r t c e l s a i s d u q i l l s e u c e o m w e.

Transparency: Published all of the studies on the social and environmental challenges of the Tilenga and EACOP projects in Uganda and Tanzania.

Co invested with Air Liquide and Vinci in a 1.5bn fund.

Broke ground on the first renewable natural gas unit with renewable gas fuels in France focused on low carbon H2 infrastructure.

Signed an agreement with Engie for the Masshylia green hydrogen project at the La M de biorefinery in France.

Became the leading retailer of E85 in France (800 service stations).

Invested in a project to plant 40,000 hectares of forest to capture more than 10 Mt of CO2 over 20 years in the Republic of the Congo.

Obtained an LNG bunker supplier license in Singapore.

Signed an agreement with MSC to supply LNG to its future cruise ships.

Signed an R D agreement on zero carbon shipping with the Maersk Mc Kinney M ller Center i s e g r e n y t i l i b o m r o f new EV charge points in Amsterdam.

Acquired a 20% interest in Hysetco, operator of an H2 taxi fleet in Paris.

Completed the first long haul flight powered by sustainable aviation fuel in partnership with Air France KLM, ADP and Airbus.

Partnered with Mercedes Benz via ACC (joint venture between TotalEnergies and Stellantis) to manufacture.

Invested 200 million for high power charge points at more than.

Partnered with Daimler Trucks on decarbonized hydrogen for road transportation in Europe.

Awarded contract for 800 new EV charge points in Ghent.

Announced a major multi energy agreement for the sustainable development of natural resources in Iraq.

Announced a multi energy project for the sustainable development of resources in Libya.

Launched phase 4 of the Mero low cost, low carbon oil.

Awarded production rights for two giant low cost, low emissions project in Brazil oil fields (Atapu and S pia) in Brazil.

Exited from the development of heavy oil in Venezuela.

Doubled recycled plastic production capacity in France.

Formed a partnership with Plastic Omnium to expand the use of.

Partnered with Veolia to develop CO2 based microalgae cultivation to produce next generation biofuels recycled plastics in automobiles.

Signed an agreement on advanced recycling in the United States with Plastic Energy and Freepoint Eco Systems.

Studied an industrial scale green hydrogen project in Scotland with GIG, RIDG, Repsol Sinopec and Uniper slashing methane emissions in the Barnett basin.

Began planting 1 million trees in Republic of the Congo.

Signed an agreement with AgriProve to develop soil carbon sequestration over 20,000 hectares in Australia.

Partnered with Shell, EBN and Gasunie on the Aramis CCS.

Joined forces with Qnergy to deploy innovative technology for project in the Netherlands.

Joined forces with Air Liquide, Borealis, Esso and Yara to decarbonize the Normandy basin with CCS.

Partnered with Air Liquide to decarbonize H2 at our.

Partnered with GHGSat for satellite based monitoring of offshore methane emissions batteries for electric vehicles.

Established a joint venture with China Three Gorges Corp. to install 11,000 fast EV charge points in China.

Awarded a concession for the public EV charging network in Antwerp.

Partnered with Safran to decarbonize the aviation industry.

Signed an agreement to supply renewable electricity to.

Partnered with Shenergy to develop gas sales in China.

Signed agreements with Orange and Microsoft to supply renewable electricity.

ArcelorMittal Nippon Steel to supply up to 0.5 Mt year of liquefied natural gas in India Signed an agreement to supply renewable power to Merck Co. g n i r e ff r u s n o i s s i m r u s r e m o t s u r u.

Awarded a 1.5 GW offshore concession with GIG in the U.K.

Acquired a 23% interest in Yunlin, a 640 MW offshore project under construction in Taiwan.

Acquired a 20% interest in Adani Green Energy Limited.

Acquired a pipeline of 2.2 GW of solar projects and.

Started up production at the Yunlin offshore wind farm in Taiwan.

Formed partnerships with Simply Blue Group to develop floating offshore wind power in the United States.

Commissioned France’s largest battery storage site in Dunkirk.

Signed agreement with Siemens Energy to reduce LNG emissions.

Signed a technological agreement with Technip Energies.

Obtained new licenses to develop low carbon natural gas projects concerning low carbon LNG in Oman.

Signed an agreement to collect and process gas for power generation in Iraq.

Started up production of sustainable aviation renewable gas fuels in France.

Transparency: Published all of the studies on the social and environmental challenges of the Tilenga and EACOP projects in Uganda and Tanzania.

Signed an agreement with Engie for the Masshylia green hydrogen project at the La M de biorefinery in France service stations).

Became the leading retailer of E85 in France (800.

Invested in a project to plant 40,000 hectares of forest to capture more than 10 Mt of CO2 over.

Obtained an LNG bunker supplier license in Singapore.

Signed an agreement with MSC to supply LNG to its future cruise ships.

Signed an R D agreement on zero carbon shipping with the Maersk Mc Kinney M ller Center new EV charge points in Amsterdam.

Acquired a 20% interest in Hysetco, operator of an H2 taxi fleet in Paris.

Completed the first long haul flight powered by sustainable aviation fuel in partnership with Air France KLM, ADP and Airbus.

Partnered with Shenergy to develop gas sales in China.

Signed agreements with Orange and Microsoft to supply.

Signed an agreement to supply renewable renewable electricity power to Merck Co.

Announced a major multi energy agreement for the sustainable development of natural resources in Iraq.

Announced a multi energy project for the sustainable development of resources in Libya.

Launched phase 4 of the Mero low cost, low carbon oil.

Awarded production rights for two giant low cost, low emissions project in Brazil oil fields (Atapu and S pia) in Brazil.

Exited from the development of heavy oil in Venezuela.

Co invested with Air Liquide and Vinci in a 1.5bn fund focused on low carbon H2 infrastructure Doubled recycled plastic production capacity in France.

Partnered with Veolia to develop CO2 based microalgae cultivation to produce next generation biofuels.

Broke ground on the first renewable natural gas unit with.

Formed a partnership with Plastic Omnium to expand the use of recycled plastics in automobiles.

Signed an agreement on advanced recycling in the United States with Plastic Energy and Freepoint Eco Systems.

Studied an industrial scale green hydrogen project in Scotland with GIG, RIDG, Repsol Sinopec and Uniper.

Partnered with Shell, EBN and Gasunie on the Aramis CCS.

Joined forces with Qnergy to deploy innovative technology for project in the Netherlands.

Joined forces with Air Liquide, Borealis, Esso and Yara to decarbonize the Normandy basin with CCS.

Partnered with Air Liquide to decarbonize H2 at our.

Partnered with GHGSat for satellite based monitoring of offshore methane emissions.

Partnered with Mercedes Benz via ACC (joint venture between TotalEnergies and Stellantis) to manufacture batteries for electric vehicles.

Acquired 1,500 EV charge points in Singapore Established a joint venture with China Three Gorges Corp. to install 11,000 fast EV charge points in China.

Awarded a concession for the public EV charging network in Antwerp.

Partnered with Safran to decarbonize the aviation industry.

Signed an agreement to supply renewable electricity to.

Began planting 1 million trees in Republic of the Congo.

Signed an agreement with AgriProve to develop soil carbon sequestration over 20,000 hectares in Australia.

Invested 200 million for high power charge points at more than.

Partnered with Daimler Trucks on decarbonized hydrogen for road transportation in Europe.

Awarded contract for 800 new EV charge points in Ghent.

To all our Stakeholders n 2021, Total became TotalEnergies: A new name for a new ambition to become a major player in the ener gy transition, engaged towards getting to net zero by 2050, together with society.

This choice stems from a deeply held conviction that everyone on the plan et has the right to have access to energy reliable, affordable energy that is a source of economic and social development.

At the same time, people expect a clear and responsible commitment from businesses to pre serve the climate for future generations.

Our Company is transforming to provide tangi ble, sustainable solutions to the dual challenge of more ener gies, less emissions.

In 2021, our shareholders broadly supported this ambition through their vote at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.

One year later, we are publishing this Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report to show how our ambition is reflected in the deployment of our strategy and in our investment decisions, as well as to share our 2021 achievements, which demonstrate and stake out the path of our transformation for meeting our 2030 objectives and our ambition of getting to net zero by 2050, together with society.

This report also provides an opportunity for us to explain even more clearly and transparently our climate ambition, our prog ress, the pertinence of our 2030 objectives and our ability to meet or exceed them, and in so doing, show our stakeholders that we are already on the right track.

As we promised, each year the TotalEnergies Board of Directors reviews the relevance of its ambitions, as well as the appropriateness of its strategy and targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the light of progress in international and national policies, new scenar ios concerning decarbonization trajectories, advances in low carbon technologies, action taken by other sectors, including its customers, and other changes in society in terms of energy transition and sustainable development.

That is why, through this report, we are expanding on the ambi tion we submitted to our shareholders in 2021.

For the first time, we describe our 2050 vision of a net zero TotalEnergies, together with society.

Renewable electricity will account for half of its production new decarbonized molecules from biomass (biofuels and biogas) or from renewable electric ity (hydrogen and e fuels) will represent a quarter and hydro carbons (oil and gas) the remaining quarter, with their residual emissions fully captured, recycled or offset.

It is based on mea surable objectives to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions in the short (2025), medium (2030) and long (2050) term, covering our industrial operations (Scope 1 2) and the emissions gener ated by our customers’ use of our energy products (Scope 3).

We affirm our ambitious target of a more than 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions related to sales of petroleum prod ucts (Scope 3 Oil) by 2030 compared to 2015.

To that, we add phased targets for reducing methane emissions (50% from 2020 levels by 2025 and 80% from 2020 levels by 2030) to move towards zero methane and an objective of less than 0.1 million cubic meters per day for routine gas flaring at our operated assets by 2025, before eliminating flaring com pletely by 2030.

Objectives aligned with society’s net zero ambition.

According to assessments by respected independent third parties, our target of a 40% reduction by 2030 in our net Scope 1 2 emissions compared to 2015 is in line with the commit ments made by countries with a net zero pledge, including the European Union with its Fit for 55 package.

I am also pleased that Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) announced that TotalEnergies is one of three oil and gas firms that have set emissions reduction targets that are ambitious enough to reach net zero by 2050 and to align with TPI’s 1.5 C benchmark.

This report also includes our analysis of the International Ener gy Agency’s normative Net Zero Emissions scenario, which some observers are now using as guidance.

Even though we do not think that our societies can match the scenario’s trend in the short term, we do share the 2050 end point described by the IEA for carbon neutrality.

For this reason, we have decided to take the scenario into account, for testing the resilience of our portfolio and projects and ensuring the strength of our bal ance sheet.

Our contribution to the development of renewable energies, as called for in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, accelerated in 2021.

Our investments in renewables and electricity account ed for 25% of total investments, which is more than the 20% we forecast one year ago.

Combined with our investments in new molecules, this means that soon more than 30% of our invest ments will be devoted to decarbonized energy.

In the interests of full disclosure, we are including the taxonomy of our opera tions for the first time, ahead of the new European regulations.

Our ambition is backed by a clear and disciplined investment strategy, with the objective of channeling half of our future investments to growing renewable energies, gas and new decarbonized molecules.

The other half will be used to maintain our traditional production base.

In this way, we will be able to gradually build up an integrated portfolio of multi energy assets that all share two crucial criteria for ensuring a commodity pro ducing company’s sustainable profitability in a period of energy transition: low production costs and low CO2 emissions.

The results obtained in 2021 back up our ambition.

We installed 10 GW of renewable electricity capacity, increased our LNG sales to 42 Mt (99% of which sold to net zero coun tries), reduced the share of our sales from petroleum prod ucts to 44% of the total from 65% in 2015, lowered emissions from our operated facilities (Scope 1 2) by 20% from 2015 and reduced the carbon footprint of our products sold in Europe by 14% compared to 2015.

All of these results allow us to deliver energy to our customers that has a more than 10% lower life cycle carbon intensity than in 2015.

In this report, you will also find, for the first time, an assessment of the Scope 1 2 emis sions of our non operated assets and our emissions on an equity share basis, as well as the geographic spread of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by region.

In carrying out our transformation and advancing on the path to net zero, we are not alone.

We are working to engage customers, suppliers, researchers, start ups and others.

In 2021, we multiplied our low carbon collaborations and partnerships and we intend to drive further progress with all the players in our value chain, especially in new mobilities.

Since our climate ambition is intrinsically linked to our sustain able development ambition, you will also find a discussion of our efforts to have a positive impact, initiated with our stake holders, based on dialogue and transparency.

We affirm our commitment to offering our employees around the world a safe, inclusive and stimulating work environment where they can make the most of future oriented skills.

I would like to salute their engagement: we have them to thank for allowing us to achieve the best accident rate in our sector in 2021.

We devel oped this new ambition together in the midst of the Covid 19 pandemic and we are deploying it together within the frame work of a just transition.

Respect for Each Other, and therefore for human rights, is a cor nerstone of our Code of Conduct.

In this report, we give tangible examples to describe how we ensure respect for human rights in all our operations and how we work with communities to cre ate value in our host territories.

Care for the environment is also a key focus of our sustainable development approach.

This report details our environmental requirements and our new objectives for biodiversity, for man aging scarce water resources and for the circular economy.

On the one hand, Russia’s armed aggression against Ukraine threatens people, European stability and the energy market’s equilibrium.

On the other, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s new report powerfully reminds us of the climate emergency.

In this environment, explaining our ambition and showing how it is being put in place takes on its full meaning.

Guided by our val ues and backed by our talents, I am confident in our ability to keep moving forward, to resolutely drive the transformation of our industrial model and to help, with our stakeholders, shape the just transition to which our societies aspire.

Governance: A Board of Directors on the Front Line orporate stakeholders have increas ingly high expectations concern ing sustainable development.

For TotalEnergies, this is an opportunity more than a constraint, and that’s why we have put sustainability at the heart of our strategy.

I’m not just talking about climate, which is the main driver of our transformation, but also about people’s well being, care for the environment and creating value for society.

Our busi ness strategy, like our net zero ambition, is part of a transition dynamic that involves society as a whole.

We are delighted that businesses, governments, consumers and citizens have grasped the scale of the sustainability challenges.

TotalEnergies’ mission is to meet people’s growing need for energy, and its ambition is to produce increasingly low car bon energies that remain affordable and reliable.

The Compa ny is undergoing a profound transformation to get to net zero by 2050, together with society.

We are on the right track to meet our objectives for 2030, not only for renewable electricity (35 GW in 2025, 100 GW in 2030), but also more broadly for all our operations.

The entire Company is working to develop new energies and reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity of the prod ucts we provide to our customers.

The Company supports its employees by giving them the resources they need to make this transformation an opportunity for their own development.

The Board of Directors challenges and approves the strategy proposed by the Company’s management.

It plays a front line role in supporting and accompanying the transformation.

The Board’s make up illustrates TotalEnergies’ convictions con cerning openness and diversity.

We have five different nation alities represented among our 14 Directors, six women and nine members who have specific competencies on climate sustainable development issues.

As Lead Independent Director, I meet with investor groups on a regular basis.

The debate over climate and energy sometimes inspires contradictory demands.

We need to listen carefully and understand those demands to determine the best bal ance in terms of needs and timing.

The sudden end to oil that some dream of would not be possible or desirable given the current state of demand.

My monthly conversations with Pat rick Pouyann give me a close up view of how the Company and the markets are evolving and insights to share with our Directors and stakeholders.

In 2021, the Board of Directors defined TotalEnergies’ ambi tion and 2030 objectives for sustainable development and the energy transition toward net zero, together with society, and presented them to our shareholders so they could voice their opinion.

This ambition has received massive support from shareholders, with 92% favorable.

After talking to Christiana Figueres in 2020, the Board invited Fatih Birol, Executive Direc tor of the International Energy Agency (IEA), in 2021, in order to get a better view of the underlying factors in the IEA’s Net Zero scenario.

In 2021, we added climate target related performance crite ria to other sustainable development criteria (HSE, CSR, HR and diversity) in the determination of the Chairman and CEO’s variable compensation.

The Oil Gas growth criterion in this calculation was replaced by two criteria concerning his steer ing of the transformation and profitable growth in renewables and electricity.

The granting of performance shares includes a criterion relating to the decline in indirect (Scope 3) emis sions from the end use of energy products by TotalEnergies customers.

This multi energy strategy requires a long term view, and it will take time for TotalEnergies’ new strategic direction to pro duce its full effects.

During its annual strategic reviews, the Board will examine the appropriateness of this strategy and its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the light of progress in international and national policies, new decar bonization scenarios, advances in low carbon technologies, action taken by other sectors including our customers with our active support and other changes in society concerning the energy transition.

This Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report, which fol lows the TCFD1 recommendations, is designed to inform the Shareholders’ Meeting of the progress made in 2021 in imple menting our ambition.

It rounds out our ambition, notably con cerning methane emissions.

The Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure created by the Financial Stability Board.

The IEA’s Net Zero Emissions (NZE) Scenario is a normative scenario that describes a changing world energy demand that would be consistent with limiting the global temperature rise to 1.5 C without overshooting the related carbon budget .

Electrification of final demand would rise to 49% from 20% today, with 88% decarbonized electricity versus 28% in 2020.

The use of coal would be virtually eliminated in 2050 and capacity for renewables would rise eightfold (20 for solar and wind, 2.7 for hydroelectricity).

Demand for oil would stand at 24 Mb day, down 75% from 2019.

The 2030 crossing point corresponds roughly to linear ization of the decline between now and 2050, i.e., a 25 Mb day decrease every ten years (very sharp immediate fall with no further acceleration).

Demand for natural gas would stand at 29 Mboe day, down 57% from 2019.

In 2050, green gas (decarbonized hydrogen, ammonia and biogas) would account for 10% of the global energy mix versus 6% for natural gas.

Net zero would be achieved thanks to 7.6 Gt of CO2 storage per year by 2050.

In the NZE Scenario, demand would drop by around 0.7% a year between 2020 and 2030 (even though the global popula tion and GDP continue to rise) in order to immediately bend the trajectory of global CO2 emissions.

That would involve a massive, concerted effort with regard to energy efficiency, which would improve by a spectacular 4.2% a year between 2020 and 2030 this compares to 1.5% a year on average over the last 20 years.

Demand for oil would decline by 26% over the decade to 72 Mb day.

Demand for natural gas would level out between 2019 and 2025 and then decline to 62 Mboe day in 2030 versus 68 Mboe day in 2019 (down 0.9% per year).

As this is a normative scenario, the IEA does not present it as a forecast of changes in energy demand, but rather as a blueprint that would need to be followed to achieve the 2050 objective.

The IEA specifies that the NZE Scenario is shaped by numerous uncertainties , including the speed with which demand and behaviors adapt, the real level of energy efficien cy, the pace at which new decarbonization technologies such as hydrogen and CCS scale up, etc.

While we share the normative scenario’s vision for the ener gy mix in 2050, the trajectory mapped out for demand between 2020 and 2030 is undeniably at odds with current trends.

This applies to demand for energy overall, and to demand for oil, gas and coal.

The IEA’s own short and long term forecasts, published since May 2021, do not in any way support the assumptions of the NZE scenario.

Demand for coal in 2021 exceeded 2019 levels, and the IEA expects an increase of 0.5% a year between now and 2024.

According to its latest forecasts, demand for oil should be higher in 2022 than in 2019.

And worldwide gas demand increased by 4% in 2021, with the IEA expecting a 2% rise in 2022.

The NZE Scenario requires more than 1000 GW of new solar and wind capacity to be deployed each year between 2020 and 2030, which is four times as much as the 250 GW added in 2020.

This only makes a collective effort to change the global energy mix, still over 80% fossil based, even more urgent and essential.

The highly demanding assumptions used for the trend in energy demand up to 2030 have led the IEA to affirm that the world no longer needs any new oil and gas projects because the natural field depletion of around 4% a year is in line with the modeled decline in oil consumption.

Conversely, an excessively sharp decline in oil and gas sup ply in an environment where demand is not adjusted accord ingly would, of course, lead to higher prices.

With this in mind, it should be noted that the current level of investment in upstream oil and gas is below the level modeled by the IEA in the NZE Scenario for 2022 2030 ( 320 billion and 350 billion in 2020 and 2021 versus 366 billion a year in the NZE Scenario).

In affirming its ambition to be a world class player in the energy transition and to get to net zero by 2050, together with society, TotalEnergies has committed to profoundly transforming its production and sales while continuing to meet the energy needs of a growing population.

The Company is developing a wide range of energies in an integrated approach (from production to distribution to the end user) in order to decarbonize its energy offering and generate a competitive advantage that will create long term value for its shareholders and stakeholders and secure its future.

Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report Transition Pathway Initiative  In November 2021, Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) announced that three oil and gas firms Occidental Petroleum, TotalEnergies and Eni have set emissions reduction targets that are ambitious enough to reach net zero by 2050 and to align with TPI’s 1.5 C benchmark.

On one hand, the energy transition depends on the develop ment of new molecules (biofuels and biogas, clean hydro gen, and synthetic fuels combining hydrogen and carbon) that TotalEnergies has the core skills to produce.

It is expanding in these markets with a focus on circular resource management.

On the other hand, the energy transition involves electrifying energy uses, which requires a massive increase in the sup ply of green electrons.

TotalEnergies is deploying across the entire renewable electricity value chain, from production and storage to trading and sales, in accordance with a selective, profitable approach.

Its goal is to rank among the top five glob al producers of solar and wind generated electricity by 2030.

Concerning gas, which is a transition fuel, TotalEnergies is pur suing its development across the liquefied natural gas (LNG) value chain to strengthen its position as the world’s third largest LNG company.

LNG plays a key role in the net zero roadmaps of numerous coal consuming countries and is the ideal partner to intermittent renewable energies.

As for oil, the Company is very selective and focuses its invest ments on low breakeven, low emissions projects.

As they evolve, energy markets are becoming increasingly interconnected and interdependent, particularly since elec tricity the energy at the center of the transition is a sec ondary energy, meaning that it depends on other energies and markets.

What’s more, electricity will be increasingly produced from intermittent sources that depend on weather factors that cannot be controlled.

Our integrated multi energy strat egy, combined with its solid financial base, are strengths and sources of resilience that will allow us to be a major provider of the sustainable energy the world needs and make the most of these changes, including the potential price volatility they may cause.

The work carried out over the last year has produced a clearer picture, inspired by the IEA’s Net Zero vision, of what TotalEnergies would look like, at Net Zero in 2050, together with society, an energy transition leader.

Reinventing a net zero energy system means producing decar bonized electrons and molecules and developing carbon sinks to absorb CO2 from residual hydrocarbons (for producing chem icals, for example).

This introduction rounds out the ambition presented to shareholders in May 2021.

In 2050: Around half of the energy produced by TotalEnergies would be renewable electricity with corresponding storage capacity, or around 500 TWh year.

This would require developing around 400 GW of renewable capacity 2030 target: 100 GW in 10 years and 120 TWh year .

New molecules would account for around 25% of the ener gy produced by Total Energies, equivalent to 50 Mt year, in the form of biogas, hydrogen, or synthetic liquid fuels from the fol lowing circular reaction: H2 CO2 e fuels.

TotalEnergies would produce around 1 Mb day of hydrocar bons (or close to four times less than in 2030, in line with the reduction outlined in the IEA’s Net Zero scenario) made up pri marily of liquefied natural gas (around 0.7 Mboe d).

This oil would be used, in particular, by the petrochemicals industry to produce around 10 Mt year of polymers, of which two thirds from the circular economy.

These hydrocarbons would represent around 10 Mt year of residual Scope 1 emissions, including methane emissions close to zero (below 0.1 MtCO2e year), which would be fully off set by nature based carbon sink solutions.

These hydrocarbons would represent Scope 3 emissions of around 100 Mt year.

To get to net zero together with society, TotalEnergies would help eliminate the equivalent of 100 Mt of CO2 a year produced by its customers by developing: A carbon storage service for customers that would store 50 to 100 Mt year of CO2.

An industrial e fuels activity that would avoid 25 to 50 Mt year of CO2 for our customers through production with 100% green hydrogen while making up for the intermittence of renewable energies to replace fossil fuels.

In short, the Company will spend the next ten years building the projects and skills needed to make TotalEnergies a net zero energy company by 2050.

Scope 1 emissions falling from 50 to 10 Mt CO2e, with 10 Mt CO2e offset by natural carbon sinks.

Scope 3 emissions falling from 410 to 100 Mt CO2e, offset by CO2 stored or used to make e fuels.

Net carbon intensity of energy products used by our customers reduced to 0 by 2050.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

To achieve carbon neutrality, the global energy mix will have to change considerably.

Today, fossil energies still account for more than 80% of the mix.

The markets for low carbon electricity and gas (natural gas, bio gas and hydrogen) will need to expand, while coal will have to be eliminated and demand for oil will need to stabilize and then decline.

TotalEnergies is already carving out a position in this energy offering of the future and diversifying its energy mix by reducing the share of petroleum products and increasing natu ral gas, as a transition fuel, and renewable electricity.

The energy mix of the Company’s sales will shift signifi cantly as well, and could stand at 50% gas, 30% petroleum products, 15% majority renewable electricity and 5% biomass and hydrogen by 2030.

The shift towards lower carbon products will allow us to reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold by at least 20% by 2030.

Our products’ lifecycle carbon intensity In 2021, we continued to reshape our mix thanks to increased sales of LNG (up 10% from 2021 to 42 Mt in 2021) and elec tricity (up 20% from 2020 at 57 TWh) and a 10% decrease in petroleum product sales.

The carbon intensity of products sold continued to improve with a 2% decline (excluding the impact of Covid 19).

Growth in electricity will account for nearly two thirds of the decrease in lifecycle carbon intensity between 2015 and 2030.

The second lever involves reducing sales of petroleum prod ucts and increasing production of gas (especially LNG) and sales of products based on biomass.

Lastly, carbon sinks and lower emissions from our facilities will each contribute around 5% of the decrease in carbon intensity.

Our production TotalEnergies foresees oil production peaking this decade and then decreasing to around 1.4 Mb d in 2030.

It aims to increase gas production by around 50% between 2015 and 2030 (from 1.3 Mboe d to 2 Mboe d) and raise electricity generation to 120 TWh in 2030 from 1.7 TWh in 2015.

In 2021, the Company’s energy production increased by nearly a quarter compared to 2015.

Our sales The Company is reducing its sales of petroleum products to align with production by 2030, around 1.4 Mb d. Sales of gas and electricity will rise sharply, increasing by a factor of 2 for gas and by a factor of 20 for electricity over the 2015 2030 period.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

Becoming a World Leader in Renewable Electricity by Integrating the Value Chain from Production to Sales otalEnergies wants to become one of the top five worldwide producers of renewable electricity.

In five years, the Company has invested more than 10 billion, primarily in photovoltaic electric ity and offshore wind, for an average of 2 billion per year.

In 2021, TotalEnergies lifted its investments in elec tricity and renewables to more than 3 billion, or 25% of its net investments.

It intends to finance investments of more than 60 billion in renewable power generation capacity by 2030.

The Company makes profitable investments, meaning projects with a return of more than 10% .

The mix combines regulated markets with deregulated markets integrated across the entire electricity value chain.

As a result, the Power Renewables business's EBITDA exceeded 1 billion in 2021.

In the past four years, the Company's gross installed capacity for renewable power grew from 0.7 GW in 2017 to more than 10 GW in 2021.

The objective is to have 35 GW of gross capac ity in 2025 and 100 GW in 2030.

The 2025 figure is based on identified projects in development.

The Company's goal is to increase electricity production from 21 TWh in 2021 to 120 TWh in 2030.

TotalEnergies’ broad international footprint gives it a competi tive advantage for identifying and developing profitable renew ables projects.

For that reason, it created a Renewable Explorers network in 2021 in some 60 host countries.

Since 2015, TotalEnergies has been building a portfolio of flexi ble power generation using combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) plants, with a capacity of 4 GW at end 2021.

These plants com plement the development of renewables by supporting the grid during periods of peak demand or when there is not enough sunshine or wind.

Ultimately, the CCGT units are targeted for decarbonization, either by changing from gas to biomethane or hydrogen or by sequestering their emissions through carbon capture and storage (CCS).

Further accelerating our positions in photovoltaic solar energy in 2021 TotalEnergies’ solar portfolio expanded rapidly in 2020 and again in 2021, notably in India and the United States.

This growth will continue, as solar energy accounts for three quar ters of the 35 GW the Company wants to develop by 2025.

Continued scaling up in offshore wind in 2021 Offshore wind offers high utilization rates with significant development potential and better acceptability than onshore wind, particularly in Europe.

TotalEnergies sees strong growth potential in offshore wind energy, especially since it can lever age its teams’ expertise in managing and operating offshore megaprojects.

The offshore wind portfolio's total capacity exceeds 10 GW, of which two thirds fixed bottom and one third floating.

Launch in 2021 of several stationary electricity storage projects to support renewables Electricity storage solutions are necessary to offset the inter mittence of solar and wind projects, make the most of daily volatility in the electricity markets and ensure grid stability.

In this segment, TotalEnergies benefits from the technological expertise of Saft, which also aims to make the most of this fast growing market.

United States Purchased from SunChase Power and aggregate capacity of 1.6 GW, including electricity storage.

France Commissioning by TotalEnergies of France’s conglomerate in India.

AGEL is the world's between 2023 and 2024. largest battery storage site (61 MWh) in largest solar developer, with contracted renewable capacity of more than 20 GW.

For TotalEnergies, natural gas is a key transition fuel.

It plays a major role in power generation thanks to its flexibility and capacity for responding to the strong growth in demand fueled by the electrification of uses.

Obviously, for gas to play this role, all the partici pants in the value chain businesses and States must pull together to fight methane emissions, as was underlined at the COP26 meeting in Glasgow with the commitment from 105 States to reduce methane emissions by 30% by 2030.

TotalEnergies’ new objective is to reduce methane emissions by 80% by 2030 (see p.34).

Main strengths Widely available resources, well redistributed worldwide thanks to LNG.

A simple and immediate solution for decarbonizing electric ity and industry, especially in high energy consuming sectors like steel and cement manufacturing.

An ideal partner for renewables, which are intermittent and seasonal by nature.

A core component of numerous coal consuming countries’ roadmaps for getting to net zero.

A source for massively developing blue hydrogen with car bon capture and storage (CCS) technologies.

TotalEnergies’ strategy Increase the share of natural gas in the sales mix to 50% by 2030 Strengthen the Company’s position among the top 3 in LNG.

Cover the entire gas value chain, from production and trading to gas fired power plants and retailing Reduce the gas value chain’s emissions and eliminate meth ane emissions (see p.34) Work with local partners to promote the shift to natural gas.

Trends that back up our view The United States and United Kingdom have reduced their greenhouse gas emissions by replacing coal fired power plants with gas fired units.

Similarly, numerous countries’ car bon neutrality commitments are based on the development of natural gas as a replacement for coal.

LNG’s strong growth since 2015 in Asia (8% a year), Latin America (4% a year) and Europe (14% a year) supports these ambitions.

Lastly, in 2021, higher demand for gas related to difficulties in producing electricity, notably from renewables because of the weather, created substantial price pressures.

Certain countries went back to coal for generating electricity, with a heavy impact on their emissions.

These tensions illustrate the importance of investing in developing the gas value chain, a major plank in TotalEnergies’ strategy.

Ranking among the top three worldwide in low carbon LNG by 2030 Once liquefied, natural gas can be transported and delivered to places of use.

Global demand for liquefied natural gas (LNG) has seen strong growth, rising by 9% a year between 2015 and 2021.

With 42 Mt sold in 2021, TotalEnergies is the world's third largest LNG company.

It aims to sell 50 Mt per year by 2025, corresponding to a stable global market share of 10%.

In 2021, 99% of the Company’s LNG sales went to countries that have committed to carbon neutrality.

TotalEnergies is develop ing several large scale projects to support this growth: Energia Costa Azul (ECA) in Mexico, a seventh LNG train in Nigeria, a fourth train at Cameron LNG in the United States, Mozam bique LNG, Papua LNG and Artic LNG 2 in Russia.

Reducing the TotalEnergies LNG value chain's emissions intensity  This growth requires an exemplary strategy for greenhouse gas emissions.

In reducing emissions across the LNG chain, the priority is on methane (see p. 34).

The Company is also working on improving liquefaction plant performance, notably in Qatar, Russia and the United States, with energy efficiency projects, electrification using renewable solar and wind energy, and native carbon capture and storage.

Lastly, TotalEnergies is renewing its fleet of LNG carriers with new vessels that emit on average 40% less CO2 than older ships.

Supplying gas to the Indian and Chinese markets TotalEnergies has signed agreements to supply LNG to India (up to 3 Mt per year with partner Adani) and China (up to 1.4 Mt per year via a contract with Shenergy Group).

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

Demand for petroleum products is expected to stagnate and then decline between now and 2030 thanks to technological progress and evolving uses.

Petroleum products will have to meet increasingly stringent requirements on limiting the emissions related to their extraction and use.

The objective is for the Company’s petroleum prod uct sales not to exceed its oil production, which itself will peak during the decade before declining, at around 1.4 Mb d in 2030.

Investments remain necessary to satisfy demand, given the natural decline in field output.

The Company gives priority to oil projects with low technical costs (typical ly below 20 b) and a low breakeven point (typically below 30 b).

All new projects are assessed for their contribution to the average carbon intensity of their category in the Upstream portfolio.

All approved projects must help reduce this intensi ty (see p.24).

New hydrocarbon developments are limited to the least emitting fields.

In 2021, for example, TotalEnergies decided to exit Venezuela, considering that production of the Orinoco Belt’s heavy oils did not meet its greenhouse gas emissions objectives.

The Tilenga and EACOP projects in Uganda were approved with a low technical cost of 11 per barrel and CO2 emissions significantly below those of the current portfolio (13 kg CO2 per barrel vs. 18 kg CO2 per barrel).

In end 2021, the Company broadened its presence in Brazil’s offshore Atapu and Sepia fields, which represent low cost, low emissions reserves.

In addition, we respect exclusion zones and good environmen tal practices (see p. 60).

TotalEnergies will not explore for oil in the Arctic Sea ice and will not approve any capacity increases in Canada's oil sands.

In September 2021, TotalEnergies signed major multi energy agreements in Iraq covering the construction of a new gas network and treatment units, the construction of a large scale seawater treatment unit and the construction of a 1 GW pho tovoltaic power plant.

TotalEnergies joined the Platform for Accelerating the Circular Economy (PACE) in 2022.

This initiative launched by the World Economic Forum and now hosted by the World Resources Institute aims to speed the transition to a more circular economy.

It contributes to the circular economy at differ ent points in the value chain: through purchas ing, sales and production, as well as through the management of its own waste (see p. 64).

Biofuels Over their lifecycle, biofuels emit over 50% less CO2e than their fossil equivalents (in accordance with European standards), making them a tool in the decarbonization of liquid fuels.

TotalEnergies currently has a biofuel production capacity of 500 kt per year, primarily at the La M de refinery in France.

Its goal is to increase that to 2 Mt by 2025 and 5 Mt by 2030, sus tainably produced.

New generation biofuels  Today, more than 90% of the biofuels in the market are first generation, meaning they are made from virgin vegetable oils or sugar.

TotalEnergies is investing in advanced biofuels projects based on animal fat or used oils, thereby limiting the competition for and impact on arable land.

These advanced biofuels will add to the range of first generation biofuels.

Looking further out, the Company is investing in R D into so called second and third generation biofuels based on micro algae, but they still raise numerous technological challenges.

Source: Kedge and the Institut national de l’ conomie circulaire.

Technical and biological recovery cycles , adapted by TotalEnergies from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

Biogas Biogas, produced from the decomposition of organic waste, is a renewable gas consisting primarily of methane.

Compatible with existing transportation and storage infrastructure, it has a key role to play in decarbonizing gas products and reducing greenhouse gas emissions through the development of a cir cular economy.

The Company aims to produce 2 TWh per year of biomethane starting in 2025 and over 5 TWh per year by 2030 worldwide.

Hydrogen Hydrogen is an energy carrier between primary energy source and final application that does not generate any CO2 during its lifecycle if produced in a decarbonized process.

Growing gen eration of decarbonized electricity is creating opportunities to produce green hydrogen via electrolysis of water using decar bonized electricity.

In addition, the development of carbon storage is paving the way for the development of blue hydro gen using natural gas (see p. 36).

The European Union's objectives of installing more than 40 GW of electrolyzers powered by renewable electricity to produce 10 Mt of renewable hydrogen a year by 2030 will help accel erate decarbonized hydrogen projects, particularly for indus tries where decarbonization and or electrification are difficult.

Development of two biorefineries in France  TotalEnergies has converted its La M de refinery in France into a world class biorefinery to meet its ambition of being a biofuel market leader.

The facility produces hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO a precursor for renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel), bionaphtha (a precursor for renewable polymers) and bioLPG (renewable liquefied gas) for use in mobility or heating.

The agricultural feedstock used to make these products complies with sustainability and traceability requirements concerning carbon footprint, non deforestation and land use.

The Company has made a commitment to stop sourcing palm oil in 2023 and aims to increase the share of used cooking oil and animal fat in feedstock to 50% by 2025.

TotalEnergies’ future Grandpuits zero crude complex will also produce biofuel (see p. 22).

This represents a reduction in CO2 emissions of 3 Mt per year.

Further out, the Company’s ambition is to pioneer mass production of clean and low carbon hydrogen to serve demand for hydrogen fuel as soon as the market takes off.

Growing presence in biogas In early 2021, TotalEnergies became a major player in biogas in France by acquiring will be used as an alternative fuel for joined forces to produce biomethane from mobility, thereby helping to decarbonize road transportation.

Fonroche Biogaz, with 500 GWh of installed manure from dairy farms to produce more with the goal of producing up to 1.5 TWh of capacity.

In late 2021, TotalEnergies and Clean Energy broke ground for their first biomethane than 40 GWh per year of biomethane as a result, 45 kt of CO2e emissions will be avoided each year.

In early 2022, TotalEnergies and Veolia biomethane a year by 2025.

E fuels The production of e fuels from renewable hydrogen and cap tured CO2 is a promising avenue for decarbonizing transpor tation.

The pace at which these e fuels scale up will depend on the development of green hydrogen.

Besides being low carbon themselves, they offer the considerable advantage of recycling CO2.

E fuels are one of the solutions for getting to net zero via carbon capture and utilization technologies.

TotalEnergies is staking out a position in this market, nota bly to help decarbonize the aviation industry with sustainable liquid fuels.

Green hydrogen projects  TotalEnergies, working with Engie, is developing the MassHylia green hydrogen project at the La M de biorefinery.

It will be supplied by solar and wind farms with capacity of almost 300 MW.

The 125 MW electrolyzer will produce over 10,000 tons of green hydrogen a year, meeting the needs of the biorefinery and reducing its emissions by 140,000 tCO2 year.

At the Zeeland refinery, the Company plans to capture carbon from the steam methane reforming unit (SMR1) that produces hydrogen from natural gas.

It is also developing a 150 MW electrolyzer intended to be linked to an offshore wind field.

In all the Company has six projects in progress in Europe.

Bioplastics and recycled plastics The circular economy for plastics is based on: Mechanical recycling, which is the most mature technology in the market.

Mechanical recycling processes materials from selective sorting and collection centers and is suited to the needs of industries such as automobile manufacturing and construction.

The Company's Synova affiliate, with a produc tion capacity of 45 kt at end 2021, is involved in this part of the value chain.

Advanced recycling, which can process waste that cannot be recycled mechanically and serve other markets, such as food grade plastics.

The Company currently produces polymers from advanced recycling at the Antwerp complex using TACoil produced by partner Plastic Energy, with which it has joined forces to build a production unit at Grandpuits.

TotalEnergies is also partnering with Honeywell to promote advanced recy cling of plastics in Europe and the United States.

The Company provides customers with biopoly mers made from biofeedstocks based on vegetable oils or used cooking oils processed at the La M de biorefinery (and soon Grandpuits), as well as polylactic acid (PLA), a fully recy clable and compostable bioplastic based on starch or sugar produced by its joint venture with Corbion at the PLA plant in Rayong, Thailand, and future unit at Grandpuits in France.

In 2021, the Company produced 60,000 tons of recycled and bioplastic.

It aims to produce 30% recycled and biopolymers by 2030, or one million tons.

In the United Arab Emirates, TotalEnergies has joined the Masdar and Siemens Energy initiative to build a pilot unit for the production of green hydrogen to be used to convert CO2 into sustainable aviation fuel.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

In September 2020, TotalEnergies announced the project to transform its Grandpuits refinery southeast of Paris into a zero crude complex.

Thanks to a more than 500 million investment, by 2024 the complex will be organized around four new industrial activities producing new molecules for transportation and plastics from biomass and recycled materials.

This project illustrates our strategy and encompasses the four dimensions of TotalEnergies’ sustainable development strategy.

Climate and sustainable energy, with: A unit to produce sustainable aviation fuels that emit less than half the CO2 of their fossil equivalents and incorporate over 90% waste materials.

Europe's first unit to produce polylactic acid (PLA), a biode gradable and recyclable plastic made from grain that offers the same performance as fossil based plastics for numerous industrial applications with a third of the CO2 emissions.

A recycling unit for the pyrolysis of mixed, soiled plastics, for TotalEnergies’ European crackers to turn into virgin plastic for medical use and food contact.

Two 25 MW photovoltaic power plants, equivalent to the elec tric power needs of 30,000 people.

People’s well being with: A responsible industrial redeployment, without any layoffs, thanks to early retirement and internal mobility to other sites, ensuring that all employees are offered a solution adapted to their situation.

Of the 400 positions at Grandpuits and the associated Gargenville depot, 250 will be maintained.

The worksites related to the different industrial investments will create up to 1,000 jobs over three years to build the new units.

Care for the environment: The future units are located on industrial zoned land already used by the refinery.

A biodiversity inventory conducted before work started that revealed the presence of protected species the new units are being built at a distance from these species’ habitats.

Creating value for society: In depth concertation and public debate that brought togeth er numerous local residents, local officials and non profits.

This process allowed TotalEnergies to establish a meaningful dialogue on the project with its stakeholders.

A commitment to support partner companies concerned by the site's conversion, representing the equivalent of 200 full time jobs.

In its new configuration, the Grandpuits complex will continue to work first and foremost with its partner com panies and will continue to use these competencies until the project’s completion.

The Grandpuits complex's conversion will allow it to remain a major industrial facility rooted in the local community and play a role in TotalEnergies' strategy and ambition to get to net zero, together with society.

In addition to deploying current technologies that can further the energy transition, a worldwide innovation drive is needed to achieve the global objective of carbon neutrality.

This move towards new energies points to the Company's future.

To accelerate this transformation in its R D, TotalEner gies forges partnerships with industrial firms and academic researchers.

The Company also invests in digital and artifi cial intelligence (AI) expertise to develop internal solutions for accelerating its energy transition and that of its customers (see p. 33 Digital factory).

One Tech : bringing our multi energy technical skills together in one place  In September 2021, 3,400 engineers, scientists and technicians were brought together in a new segment to enhance the Company’s innovation capacity and ability to design and lead large integrated industrial projects by leveraging the teams’ operational excellence.

One Tech is home to all of headquarters’ technical skills, all energies combined.

CCU1 : using CO2 to make aviation fuel  TotalEnergies is developing pilot units near its Leuna refinery in Germany to make molecules that can be converted into sustainable aviation fuel using green hydrogen and captured CO2.

The CO2 will be captured in the refinery’s emissions, and the hydrogen will be produced by a 1 MWe high temperature electrolyzer (more efficient than a low temperature electrolyzer).

The hydrogen reacts with the CO2 to produce methanol, a synthetic fuel.

The Company anticipates an energy efficiency gain of around 30% across the pilot unit’s production chain.

A capital allocation strategy aligned with the transformation strategy In 2021, TotalEnergies outlined its capital allocation strate gy for 2022 2025, a period during which it plans to make net investments of 13 to 16 billion a year.

The Company will devote half of its investments to maintaining and adapting its upstream and downstream oil operations and the other half to growth in production and energy sales: 20% for LNG, 25% for renewables and electricity and 5% for new molecules (bio fuels, biogas, hydrogen and e fuels).

In 2021, investments in renewables and electricity represented 25% of total invest ments, or more than 3 billion, versus less than 5% in 2015.

This amount is higher than investment in new oil and gas projects, which come to less than 20% of the total (including 500 million invested in exploration).

Our investment criteria Each material investment project is evaluated in relation to the Paris Agreement's objectives and on the basis of the following criteria: Project cost is analyzed in a hydrocarbon price scenario compatible with the Paris Agreement (Brent at 50 per barrel according to the IEA SDS scenario and Henry Hub at 2.5 per Mbtu) and with a carbon price of 100 per ton in 2030 and beyond.

For new oil and gas projects (greenfield and acquisitions), the intensity of Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas emissions is compared, depending on their nature, to the intensity of the average greenhouse gas emissions of upstream production assets or that of various downstream units (LNG plants, refin eries).

For additional investments in existing assets (brown field projects), the investment will have to lower the Scope 1 2 emissions intensity of the asset in question.

The goal is for each new investment to contribute to lowering the average intensity of the Company's Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas emis sions in its category.

In 2021, 12 material investments were evaluated on these criteria: oil and gas projects:.

Greenfield projects: Mero 4 (Brazil) and Block 10 (Oman).

Brownfield projects: Tommeliten Alpha (Norway) and Al Shaheen Phase 2 (Qatar).

Acquisitions: Atapu (Brazil), Sepia (Brazil), Ratawi (Iraq) and Waha (Libya).

BioB arn (France) and Del Rio biogas (United States).

Bat k (Republic of the Congo) and Blue Mountain (Peru).

Several renewable electricity projects, which are compati ble by nature with these criteria, were approved, such as off shore wind projects Round 4 and ScotWind (United Kingdom), Yunlin (Taiwan), five onshore wind projects in France with a total gross capacity of nearly 200 MW, and several solar ener gy projects in France, Spain, Iraq and the US, with approximate ly 3 GW of gross capacity.

For projects greenlighted in 2021: Profitability exceeds the internally defined threshold, in a sce nario compatible with the Paris Agreement’s objectives, with the exception of natural carbon sink projects, which are evalu ated on the basis of the actual cost of a ton of CO2.

The Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas intensity is below the aver age intensity of their category for new oil and gas projects and reduced for brownfield projects, additional measures to con trol emissions will be needed since the emissions intensity of certain upstream projects increases over time as production declines.

Upstream gives precedence to value creation and cash gener ation over volume and puts a priority on developing low cost (typically below 20 per barrel for operating and investment costs) or low breakeven and low emissions projects (typically 30 per barrel including tax and less than 20 kg b).

In accordance with the Company's new biodiversity ambition (see p. 60), all new investment projects must also meet the zero net deforestation criterion.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 1.

Very active management over the last few years has made the Company's portfolio more resilient.

More than 35% of its future oil and gas production will come from low breakeven assets that were not in the portfolio at the end of 2014. he portfolio benefits from a low breakeven point in line with the strategic objective of less than 30 b (Company's organic breakeven point before dividend below 25 b in 2021), ensuring competitive resources.

In particular, in the upstream segment, TotalEnergies has the lowest production cost per barrel and the lowest carbon inten sity per barrel of oil equivalent (operated Scope 1 2) among its peers, at around 5 boe and 17 kg CO2 boe, respectively.

In addition, the average life of the Company's proved and proba ble oil and gas reserves is 18 years and the discounted value of its upstream assets beyond 2040 represents less than 15% of their total value.

In June 2020, TotalEnergies also reviewed its upstream assets that can be qualified as stranded , mean ing with reserves beyond 20 years and high production costs, whose overall reserves may therefore not be produced by 2050.

The only projects concerned are the Fort Hills and Sur mont oil sands projects in Canada.

TotalEnergies has decided to take only proved reserves into account for impairment test ing on these two assets contrary to general practice which considers proved and probable reserves and to approve no new projects for increasing the capacity of these Canadian oil sand assets.

The Company's strategy of focusing new oil investments on low carbon intensity projects also led it to exit from extra heavy crude oil assets in Venezuela's Orinoco Belt in 2021.

The characteristics of TotalEnergies' portfolio cushion the risk of having stranded assets in the future if a structural decline in demand for hydrocarbons occurs due to stricter global envi ronmental regulations and constraints and a resulting change in consumer preferences.

In addition, TotalEnergies assesses its portfolio's resilience, including for new material investments, on the basis of rele vant scenarios and sensitivity tests.

Each material investment including in the exploration, acquisition and development of oil and gas resources, as well as in other energies and tech nologies is reviewed in relation to the objectives of the Paris Agreement, as described above.

In this way, each new invest ment enhances the resilience of the Company's portfolio.

Even if carbon pricing does not currently apply in all of the Company's host countries, TotalEnergies includes, as a base case, a minimum carbon price of 40 ton in its investment cri teria (or the current price in a given country, if higher), with the assumption of a linear increase to 100 per ton as from 2030.

Assum ing a carbon price of 200 ton as from 2030 and an annual increase of 2% thereafter (i.e., a 100 ton increase from the base scenario), TotalEnergies estimates a negative impact of around 9% on the discounted present value of its assets (upstream and downstream).

In relation to the scenario used to review investments (Brent at 50 b), application of the IEA's NZE price scenario would lower the discounted present value of the Company's assets (upstream and downstream) by around 17%.

In addition, to ensure robust accounting of its assets in the balance sheet, the Company uses an oil price trajectory that converges in 2040 with the price in the IEA's SDS scenar io ( 202250 b) and that converges after 2040 with the price retained for 2050 in the IEA's NZE scenario ( 202225 b) to cal culate impairment of its upstream assets.

The prices retained for gas stabilize between now and 2025 and until 2040 at low er levels than today and converge with the IEA's NZE scenario in 2050.

Taxonomy of our Activities or information purposes, and early compared to the implementation of the European regulation in the process of being approved1, the tables below present the proportion of the eligible activities and a preliminary assessment of the proportion of the aligned activities on the turnover and CapEx indicators, on the scope of the entities controlled by TotalEnergies, as well as a proportional view, proposed by the delegated regulation of July 6, 2021, including the contribution of joint ventures and associates in which TotalEnergies SE has significant influence, accounted for by the equity method.

They take into account the draft delegated act on the activities related to natural gas.

These data have been assessed on the basis of 2021 with a reminder of the estimate for 2020.

Given the size of the Company and the adopted development model using partnership to develop its strategy in the electricity and renewables sector, the proportional view is more relevant for TotalEnergies than the consolidated view.

This classifica tion, defined by the taxonomy, confirms the 2021 growth of the eligible and aligned CapEx of the Company, which represent about a quarter of the total investments.

Activities related to renewable energies (wind, solar, bioener gy and hydropower), as well as the production of rechargeable and other batteries and accumulators.

Activities related to new energy infrastructure for low carbon mobility (charge points for electric vehicles, hydrogen filling stations).

Electricity generation from natural gas (combined cycle gas turbine power plants).

Certain petrochemical activities, notably biopolymer produc tion and mechanical or advanced recycling of plastics.

Other eligible activities include: Manufacture of biogas by anaerobic digestion of bio waste.

Activities related to carbon sinks (carbon capture and stor age, natural carbon sinks).

Taxonomy Regulation (EU) 2020 852, based on Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)2021 2139 of June 4, 2021, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021 2178 of July 6, 2021 and the additional delegated regulation on natural gas related activities.

Proportional view (controlled perimeter disclosed in the 2021 Universal Registration Document).

According to the draft delegated act of December 2021.

As per the draft delegated regulation (applicable from January 1, 2023).

Achieve zero routine flaring by 2030 and less than 0.1 Mm3 d by 2025.

Invest in emissions reduction projects (400 projects identified, 450 million over 2018 2025 in Downstream).

Decarbonize our electricity purchases in Europe and the United States (Scope 2) by 2025.

Maintain methane intensity of operated gas installations below 0.1%.

Invest 100 million a year to develop natural carbon sink capacity of more than 5 Mt y by 2030.

Rank among the top 5 producers of renewable electricity (wind and solar).

Cement our position among the top 3 in low carbon LNG.

Achieve the same customer recognition in electric mobility tomorrow as we have in fuel retailing today.

Set the standard for decarbonizing the gas value chains.

Develop production of biofuels emissions and low technical costs.

Set the standard for decarbonizing the oil value chains.

Become a major player in the production of clean H2.

Guide our customers towards lower carbon energies.

Promote a circular economy approach in the use of biomass and plastics.

Develop a carbon storage offer for our customers with capacity exceeding.

Forge partnerships with our top 1000 suppliers to reduce emissions from our purchasing.

Indirect GHG emissions related to the use by customers of energy products sold.

Overall capacity that includes storage for our facilities as well as the storage offer for our customers.

To get to net zero by 2050, together with society, TotalEnergies is transforming into a multi energy company and deploying specific action plans to reduce its emissions and achieve its short and medium term objectives.

The Company is taking action to: Reduce emissions from its operated industrial facilities (Scope 1 2) by over.

Reduce the indirect emissions related to its products (Scope 3), together with society i.e., its customers, its suppliers, its partners and public authorities by helping to transform its customers’ energy demand.

Our objectives Our primary responsibility as an industrial operator is to reduce the emissions resulting from our operations.

In early 2019, TotalEnergies announced its aim to reduce emissions from its operated facilities to less than 40 Mt by 2025 and set itself the target of cutting Scope 1 2 net emis sions (including carbon sinks) for its operated activities by at least 40% in 2030 relative to 2015.

These objectives for operated emissions include emissions related to the growth strategy in electricity deployed since 2015, which led to the development of a flexible power gener ation portfolio based on CCGT plants.

These CCGT emissions, virtually nil in 2015, stood at 4 Mt in 2021 and could amount to more than 6.5 Mt in 2025.

Our levers The main route to achieving these objectives is developing emissions reduction projects on our industrial sites, using the best technologies available: improving energy efficien cy, reducing flaring, reducing methane emissions, supplying renewable electricity and using CCS for residual emissions.

To reach our net emissions targets, nature based solutions (NBS1) will, by 2030, offset some of our emissions (5 to 10 Mt y).

EU 27, United States, Japan, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, South Korea, Argentina and South Africa.

Restricted scope Brazil, Colombia, Israel, United Arab Emirates, Peru, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam.

Tallying updated NDCs to gauge emissions reductions in 2030 and progress toward Net Zero published on March 2, 2022.

Adding in Norway, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, the reduction ambition is 39% between 2015 and 2030.

Our progress in 2021 Scope 1 2 emissions decreased from 41.5 Mt in 2020 to 37.0 Mt (excluding the impact of Covid) in 2021 thanks to 120 emissions reduction initiatives carried out across the Company and portfolio management aligned with our strate gy (divestment of the Lindsey refinery in the United Kingdom and the cessation of operations of Grandpuits in France).

These data include the commissioning of two combined cycle gas turbine plants.

A reduction target for 2030 in step with the 2030 objectives of Net Zero 2050 countries  TotalEnergies set its target of a 40% reduction in net emissions (Scope 1 2) from its operated facilities between 2015 and 20302 with an eye to the European Union’s objectives for 2030 and the objectives of countries with a net zero by 2050 pledge as part of the Paris Agreement.

To qualify the level of this ambition, the Company called on two independent third parties known for their expertise in energy and decarbonization to analyze the greenhouse gas emissions reduction objectives for 2030 of countries committed to net zero by 2050 as of COP26 in Glasgow: Carbone 4, a consultancy specialized in low carbon strategy in France and the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia University in the United States.

These objectives, taken from each country’s nationally determined contributions (NDCs)3, cover direct emissions on their territory, comparable to Scope 1 for businesses.

Carbone 4 makes a distinction between two scopes: Countries that explicitly mention their net zero by 2050 ambition in their NDC, having set a 2030 target consistent with that ambition.

All countries that have publically announced ther net zero by 2050 ambition, notably at COP26, including those that have not updated their NDC since then.

The more restricted perimeter includes the 35 most ambitious countries4, which have committed to reducing their net emissions5 by 39 to 40% between 2015 and 2030.

The broader perimeter includes 43 countries6 committed to a 28 to 31% reduction over the same period.

In its study7, Columbia University’s Center on Global Energy Policy puts the reduction commitment for all countries with a net zero by 2050 pledge at 27% between 2015 and 2030.

The European Union’s Fit for 55 objective of a 55% decrease between 1990 and 2030 corresponds to a 37% decrease between 2015 and 20308.

The IEA’s NZE scenario  In its 1.5 C scenario, the IEA is aiming for carbon neutrality by 2050, which requires a 39% reduction in net emissions from energy between 2015 and 2030 (from 34 to 21 billion tons of CO2e).

Improving The Efficiency of our Facilities ne part of the direct emissions from our facil ities is caused by energy loss, flaring, venting and fugitive emissions.

This is not the major ity (around 15%) but should be reduced as a priority.

The second, bigger, part (around 85%) corresponds to the use of energy, either by combustion to generate electricity, for example, or in industrial processes, and is the target of projects to improve our energy efficiency.

Reducing flaring Restricting routine flaring is a priority for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

Since 2000, TotalEnergies has made a com mitment not to include any routine flaring on its new projects.

As a founding member of the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flar ing by 2030 initiative since 2014, the Company has pledged to end the practice altogether by 2030.

Routine flaring has been reduced by 90% since 2010, and the Company has set a new target to bring the level below 0.1 million cubic meters per day as from 2025.

Occasional, or non routine, flaring connected with operation al issues or the start up of facilities has also been addressed with action plans, as has safety flaring, which is used to pro tect facilities.

In Argentina and Bolivia, for example, the Com pany has reduced safety flaring by half, thanks to continuous monitoring of gas flows and optimized flaring parameters.

Using less energy Improving energy efficiency means reducing the quantity of energy used to produce a given amount of energy, so emis sions are reduced as well.

Exploration Production is enhancing energy efficiency through projects to reduce the quantity of gas its facilities use to produce the energy they need.

Refining Chemicals, for which energy consumption is a key factor in production costs, is continuing its efforts of recent years to improve energy efficiency as part of an investment plan totaling 450 million over the period 2018 2025.

Improving energy efficiency also entails finding new ways to use waste heat from our units.

Several refineries, including Leuna in Germany, have mapped and quantified their sourc es of waste heat.

Research is underway to see how heat from nearby industrial and municipal ecosystems can be put to use.

The Company has made a firm commitment to embracing dig ital technology at its sites as a driver in improving energy per formance.

As of the end of 2021, 27 of the 46 operated sites using more than 50,000 toe year were equipped with an audit able energy management system, using the ISO 50001 energy management standard, for example.

The software has been installed at six of the Company’s complexes and is currently led to a 30% reduction in the complex’s fuel gas consumption during 2020. on exchangers, assess their fouling rate and clean them at the appropriate time.

Go Green Project: Reducing Scope 2 emissions from electricity purchases  In 2020, TotalEnergies decided to aim for net zero emissions for all electricity purchases at its operated sites in Europe by 2025.

All electricity needs at the Company’s industrial and commercial sites, as well as its offices, will be met by renewable power obtained through the Company’s regional generation capacity in Europe a similar strategy has been adopted in the United States.

Taken together, this will represent around 7 TWh year.

In Europe, electricity will be provided by solar farms acquired in Spain in 2020, offering capacity of 5 GW and production of 10 TWh year by 2025.

Six TWh year will be routed to European sites under a PPA2.

The Electricity Trading team will manage the contract with Refining Chemicals and excess production will be sold to third parties.

For the United States, in 2021 the Company acquired a portfolio of 2.2 GW in solar projects and 0.6 GW in battery storage projects to cover 100% of electricity needs at operated industrial sites, including the Port Arthur refining and petrochemical complex and the La Porte and Carville petrochemical sites.

As a result, the Company is on track to reduce Scope 2 emissions across its operated scope by more than 2 Mt of carbon annually as of 2025.

Our Digital Factory develops solutions to improve our energy performance  TotalEnergies’ Digital Factory, which opened in 2020, brings together up to 300 developers and data scientists.

Its mission is to develop the digital solutions the Company needs to improve its industrial operations, offer new services to customers (notably for managing energy consumption), develop in new energies and reduce its environmental impact.

For example, the E digital solution developed by our drillers at the Digital Factory provides a real time estimation of energy consumption by the different equipment in a drilling rig, along with the related greenhouse gas emissions.

The teams can directly access these data and integrate them seamlessly in operational decisions.

E was deployed on the Maersk Voyager1 in 2020, resulting in fuel savings of around 7% and 1,000 tons of avoided CO2 emissions over one year.

A CO2 Fighter Squad dedicated to emissions reduction  Since late 2018, a dedicated team for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, known as the CO2 Fighters, has been tracking GHG emissions across the Company.

It’s tasked with encouraging a low carbon mindset within the Company, initiating energy efficiency projects, accelerating the electrification process at facilities and helping to introduce greener forms of energy consumption.

The team has overseen more than 400 emissions reduction projects, most of which have cost less than 10 per ton of CO2.

By 2025, 160 upstream projects and more than 200 downstream projects will yield reductions in Scope 1 2 emissions of 2.5 and 4.5 Mt of CO2 respectively.

Toward Zero Methane Emissions ethane is a greenhouse gas with a glob al warming potential 25 times higher than that of CO2 over 100 years.

In 2021, the IPCC assessed methane’s contribution to current warming at 0.5 C since pre industrial times.

COP26 highlighted the major role that methane emissions reduction must play in limiting global warming, both in its final conclusion (the Glasgow Climate Pact) and through the Global Methane Pledge, a commitment by 105 countries, led by the United States and the European Union1, to reduce their methane emissions by 30% from 2020 levels by 2030.

New objectives The Company has been working on reducing its methane emissions for several years.

It halved its operated methane emissions between 2010 and 2020.

In line with the Glasgow agreements, the Company is setting new targets for the cur rent decade: reductions from 2020 levels of 50% by 2025 and 80% by 2030.

The Company is also maintaining its target of keeping methane intensity below 0.1% across its operated gas facilities.

Achieving those objectives requires improved measuring capability and redoubled efforts on emissions sources.

This target is in step with society and the IEA’s Net Zero by 2050 scenario  In December 2021, the European Commission proposed a new E.U.

Commissioner for Energy Kadri Simson said: We are also proposing strict rules on methane emissions from gas, oil and coal, to reduce emissions in these sectors by 80% by 2030 and to trigger action on methane outside the EU .

In May 2021, the IEA published Net Zero by 2050: A Roadmap for the Global Energy Sector, which outlines a scenario for achieving carbon neutrality by 2050.

It includes a 75% reduction in methane emissions from the coal, oil and gas industries between 2020 and 2030.

Measuring methane emissions more accurately Methane emissions have numerous and dispersed sources.

TotalEnergies is a pioneer in detecting and quantifying emis sions across the entire value chain.

The Company operates a site for testing methane emissions measurement technology.

Known as the TADI complex2, it is unparalleled in Europe only one comparable site exists world wide, in the United States3.

In addition, TotalEnergies is speeding up deployment of its drone mounted methane detection technology, AUSEA4, at all of its operated sites starting in 2022 (see sidebar).

These countries represent 70% of the global economy and account for nearly half of the planet’s anthropogenic methane emissions.

Airborne Ultra light Spectrometer for Environmental Applications.

Emissions associated with incomplete gas combustion, based on a standardized estimate of 2% of volumes flared.

The Company is also enhancing its reporting as part of OGMP 2.0, the second phase of the United Nations Environ ment Programme’s Oil Gas Methane Partnership.

OGMP 2.0 outlines a reporting framework that encompasses the entire gas value chain and non operated scope, including a break down of emissions by source, information on inventory meth odologies and the use of airborne measurement campaigns.

In late 2021, TotalEnergies was awarded Gold Standard5 status.

It will implement the necessary continuous improve ment measures to maintain this level for methane emissions measurement and reporting.

Abating our emissions at each source Methane emissions are primarily attributable to venting (more than half the total) and flaring6 (a quarter of the total) the rest are fugitive emissions (i.e., leaks at valves, flanges and cou plings) or the product of incomplete gas combustion at our facilities (turbines, furnaces, boilers, etc.).

In order to reach zero methane emissions, stronger action will be taken on each of these emission sources: Reductions in venting: projects to reroute vents to the gas export system or the flare and to reduce instrument gas on producing assets.

In 2021, the decline from the year before linked to reductions in venting came to 6 kt per year (projects in Gabon and the U.K.).

Reductions in flaring: In 2021, the decrease in flaring from 2020 reduced emissions by 1.8 kt per year.

Leak reduction: annual campaigns to identify and repair leaks at all operated sites will be deployed starting in 2022.

In 2021, emissions declined by 4 kt as a result of leak reduction efforts, including a significant upgrade to the OML58 facility in Nigeria.

Moreover, all new projects include strict design criteria for pre venting methane emissions: no instrument gas, no continuous cold venting and the systematic use of closed flares.

All of these practices have been implemented at the CLOV site in Angola, Moho Nord in the Republic of the Congo and Egina in Nigeria.

Using drones to detect and measure methane emissions  AUSEA consists of a miniature sensor, weighing 1.4 kilograms and mounted on a drone, that quantifies emissions by measuring methane emissions in the plume and tracing them back to their source.

It has proved more accurate than commercially available technology and has been successfully deployed in Nigeria, the Republic of the Congo and the Netherlands.

R D: Improving detection and measurement Satellites : TotalEnergies partnered with.

GHGSat in 2021 to quantify small leaks and develop satellite based measurement technology suitable for offshore facilities, a world first.

Demeter7 platform: This project is automating analysis of satellite data for reconciliation reducing emissions by about 6 kt y. with data captured onsite by drone or ground based sensors.

Instrument gas has been reduced at the sites in Argentina and the U.S. (Barnett).

Producing assets: examples of projects Venting has been restricted at the Anguille by replacing the use of methane for instrumentation with compressed air, thanks to Qnergy technology.

By installing 400 units between now and 2024, emissions site in Gabon and Elgin Franklin in the U.K., will be reduced by 7 kt annually.

Reducing emissions at the facilities also means developing industrial processes for carbon capture, transport and storage (CCS1), a field in which TotalEnergies wields critical expertise in large scale project management, gas treatment and geoscience.

The CO2 associated with that natural gas, known as native CO2, is isolated and injected into the subsurface.

From 2010 to 2013, TotalEnergies developed a pilot project in Lacq, France, involving a complete CCS chain, in which carbon from a steam generator was captured using oxy combustion technology (a European first) and then transported and stored in a depleted reservoir.

This experience in CCS opens the door to large scale projects for reducing carbon emissions resulting from hydrogen produc tion at the Company’s refineries in Europe.

Current CO2 storage projects are located in the North Sea to take advantage of its significant potential, particularly in depleted fields operated by TotalEnergies.

Moreover, the regulatory environment within the E.U.

Not only will they provide a way to reduce the Company’s own emissions, but thanks to additional capacity, it can also offer CO2 emissions storage to its customers to reduce their Scope 1 and our Scope 3 emis sions (see p. 30 39).

TotalEnergies allocated 100 million to CCS research and projects in 2021, and by 2030 it expects to be expanding storage capacity by around 10 Mt annually.

TotalEnergies sold its interest in this field in 2016.

Supplying blue hydrogen to our refineries  In the Netherlands, the Company is studying a project to capture 900,000 tons year of CO2 generated by the Zeeland refinery’s hydrogen plant as of 2026.

The carbon would then be transported and stored as part of the Aramis project.

In France, in July 2021, TotalEnergies joined with four other industrial companies in the Seine basin to launch development studies for carbon capture and maritime export infrastructure.

In Belgium, the Company and its partners are studying the CO2 Antwerp C project to collect and transport CO2 emissions from the Antwerp industrial port.

In all three cases, the CO2 would be stored in depeleted reservoirs in the North Sea.

Developing transport and storage projects  In Norway, the Company, together with Equinor and Shell, launched Northern Lights, the first large scale carbon transport and storage project.

Approved by the Norwegian government in 2020, the project is currently in the construction phase.

It will allow industrial emitters in Norway and elsewhere in Europe to store their emissions.

In the Netherlands, TotalEnergies and its partners are studying the Aramis project designed to develop a logistics chain and hub in the port of Rotterdam to transport CO2 to depleted offshore fields, some of which are operated by TotalEnergies.

In the United Kingdom, the Company is working with its partners on the Northern Endurance Partnership transport and storage project, which aims to decarbonize the Teesside and Humberside industrial regions.

TotalEnergies’ Scope 1 2 emissions based on equity share amounted to 54 Mt of CO2e in 2021.

Half of those emissions were attributable to its interests in sites it operates1 interests in sites operated by its partners accounted for the other half.

In 2021 TotalEnergies helped to prepare action plans for reducing emis sions at its non operated Refining Chemicals assets (notably Naphtachimie in France, HTC in South Korea and Satorp in Saudi Arabia).

As with its operated assets, the Company takes steps to improve energy efficiency, electrify operations using green electricity, reduce flaring and manage methane emissions.

In 2021, TotalEnergies joined forces with Novatek to reduce the intensity of the LNG chain (see p. 17), and conducted an energy efficiency audit of the Lav ra petrochemical facility in France.

In Norway, TotalEnergies is a partner in the Johan Sverdrup field, which came onstream in 2019 and has an emissions intensi ty of less than 2 kilograms of CO2e boe thanks to the use of decarbonized electricity supplied from shore, and the Oseberg field, where an electrification project was initiated in 2021.

It is also studying plans to electrify the Sn hvit LNG plant along side the operator, Equinor.

In the United Arab Emirates, where TotalEnergies is the biggest international operator, its non op erated onshore assets were powered with decarbonized elec tricity as of January 1, 2022, and with the partner, ADNOC, the Company is reviewing an electrification project for the offshore fields.

Photovoltaic projects are also in the works at the non operated Refining Chemicals facilities in Saudi Arabia, Algeria and South Africa.

Thirteen sources using the methodology in the OGMP 2.0 reporting framework.

For the first time in 2021, TotalEnergies released the meth ane emissions from its non operated assets.

The operators of those assets were each asked to provide their emissions data, itemized by source2.

Those operators differ in their measuring and reporting capabilities, but the Company is working with them in a commitment to continuous improvement, with the aim of reaching the highest reporting level in the OGMP 2.0 framework (see p. 34).

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 2.

Offsetting Residual Emissions with Natural Carbon Sinks n addition to taking action to prevent and reduce GHG emissions, it will be necessary to offset residual carbon emissions for TotalEnergies to achieve net zero emis sions together with society.

For that reason, it is invest ing in natural carbon sinks, such as forests, regenerative agriculture and wetlands.

The model for land management areas must be integrated and shared with the local population.

The goal is to combine and balance the value of agricultural and forestry revenues with the value of co benefits for the population, soil, biodiversity, and the water cycle and that of carbon credits.

When this is done, the local standard of living improves and the causes of land degradation and deforestation, which are major sources of GHG emissions, recede.

The Company works with experi enced partners to manage the long term approach required and the risks involved in these complex projects.

The projects are certified in accordance with the highest standards, includ ing Vera VCS and CCB.

Backed by an average annual budget of 100 million between 2020 and 2030, TotalEnergies aims to build up a stock of 100 million credits1 and develop the annual capacity to produce at least 5 million credits a year as from 2030.

The Company does not intend to trade these carbon credits but rather to gradually use its stock and annual production to neutralize its residual Scope 1 2 emissions as from 2030.

As of end 2021, TotalEnergies’ stock stood a little under 7 million certified credits.

The cumulative budget for all of the signed operations amounts to nearly 350 million over their lifetime, for an anticipated cumulative volume of credits of 23 million in 2030 and 31 million in 2050.

One credit corresponds to one tonne of sequestered CO2.

Peru  Since 2021, TotalEnergies and CIMA (Centro de Conservation, Investigacion y Manejo de Areas Naturales), a Peru based NGO, have been working together in the Peruvian Amazon to fund projects for preserving the primary forest in Cordilleria Azul National Park, which spans 1.35 million hectares and is included on the IUCN Green List.

These campaigns include efforts by forest rangers to monitor and prevent degradation and deforestation of park areas.

They also include programs to develop sustainable economic activity in the buffer region surrounding the Park, such as sustainable agroforestry crops and their value chains, ecotourism and craft production.

Under the agreement, more than 15 Mt of CO2 equivalent will be prevented over ten years.

Republic of the Congo  In March 2021, TotalEnergies and For t Ressources Management signed a partnership agreement with the Republic of the Congo for a large scale, inclusive agroforestry management project that will sequester more than 10 Mt of CO2.

It calls for integrated management with the project partners of more than 50,000 hectares over a 35 year period, and includes the planting of a 38,000 hectare forest, 2,000 hectares of agroforestry projects and preservation of gallery forests.

The project aims to develop agricultural production and sustainable wood energy in cooperation with the local population.

The Scope 3 emissions of an integrated multi energy company A major focus of TotalEnergies’ strategy is to work with our cus tomers on their energy consumption patterns.

About 90% of petroleum product emissions occur when those products are used (Scope 3), while only about 10% are generated in their pro duction (Scope 1 2) (see our methodology p.76).

Our objectives for 2030 TotalEnergies has set a target for 2030 of reducing its global Scope 3 emissions i.e., those from the energy products used by our customers to below 2015 levels, even though over the same period the Company plans to produce and sell 30% more energy products due, in particular, to growth in sales of elec tricity and LNG.

Conversely, in order to prepare for the decline in demand for oil by the end of the decade, the Company has embarked on a voluntary strategy of adapting its Downstream activities in the refining and distribution of petroleum products to align them with its oil production, and it has set itself a new target of lowering Scope 3 emissions from petroleum products sold worldwide by over 30% between 2015 and 2030.

The sharp rise in sales of electricity (a twentyfold increase over the 2015 2030 period) will make it possible to decarbonize the Company’s energy mix without adding indirect Scope 3 emis sions (Category 11).

Gas is a transition fuel that allows cus tomers to replace the higher emitting coal they use and that TotalEnergies does not produce or sell (the Company withdrew from coal in 2016).

TotalEnergies will double its sales of LNG over the 2019 2030 period.

Reducing sales of petroleum products by more than 30% and boosting sales of biofuels to three times their current level will help reduce Scope 3 emissions in absolute terms over the 2015 2030 period.

This Scope 3 trend varies by region, in line with evolving global energy demand, since TotalEnergies has a very small footprint in North America: In support of the European Union’s ambitions on the path toward carbon neutrality and in light of Europe’s weight in its Scope 3 emissions in 2015 (256 Mt out of 410 Mt), the Company has set a specific target of reducing its Scope 1 2 3 emissions in Europe by 30% in absolute terms over the same period, as the reduction in sales of petroleum products will focus particularly on Europe.

At the same time, the Company intends to provide populations in developing countries with the energy they need to raise their living standards.

It is increasing its energy supplies in these regions with a priority on natural gas and renewable energies.

Petroleum products including bulk sales from refining and biomass and natural gas, excluding minority interests in listed companies.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 2.

TotalEnergies is actively striving to make net zero emissions an ambition it shares with its customers.

The primary lever for effectively advancing the energy transition is to gradually change the forms of energy its customers use.

As of 2018, transportation generated approximately 17% of global GHG emissions.

The Company’s belief is that the mobility of the future does not call for a single solution, but an array of complementary solutions.

Road transportation Road transportation undoubtedly offers a wider range of solu tions for decarbonization than any other form of transport.

Winning recognition as a major force in electric mobility As their driving range increases, electric vehicles (EVs) offer a future oriented solution, accounting for 9% of total vehicle sales in 2021.

TotalEnergies is acting on two key links in that value chain to spur adoption of EVs by its customers: joined ACC in September 2021.

This is a major investment to contribute to the development of electric vehicles in Europe.

Deployment of charging infrastructure 150,000 charge points worldwide by 2025.

This works out to one HPC every 150 km, for optimal coverage on long dis tance trips.

TotalEnergies is transforming and adapting its presence in cities by developing an e mobility network in Europe and Asia.

Production of affordable, high performance batteries Automotive Cells Company (ACC), a joint venture founded by TotalEnergies and Stellantis in 2020, is set to emerge as a global player in the development and manufacture of auto motive batteries beginning in 2023.

With Saft, TotalEnergies is giving the new company the benefit of its expertise in R D. The batteries produced by ACC will power nearly one million EVs a year, or 10% of the European market.

Including service stations, B2B sites and government concessions.

Physical volume of biofuels in equivalent ethanol and esters according to the rules defined by the European Union’s RED Directive, excluding volumes sold to third parties by Trading.

Shipping The maritime sector accounts for 90% of all goods transporta tion and 3% of global carbon emissions.

Although heavy fuel oil remains the most common fuel for ship propulsion, the use of LNG, a transition fuel, can reduce CO2 emissions by 20%.

In the medium term, decarbonized liquid fuels (such as e fuel or biofuels) and the use of hydrogen or ammonia will make it possible to reduce those emissions still further.

TotalEner gies is working with major shipping companies to define the most appropriate fuels for achieving their decarbonization roadmaps.

Aviation TotalEnergies is developing sustainable aviation fuels (SAFs) (see p. 19 21).

SAFs will substantially reduce CO2 emissions from air transportation.

TotalEnergies is involved in many initiatives to produce and market sustainable aviation fuel in partnership with companies in the aviation industry.

These biofuels can already be used as a drop in fuel with standard jet fuel up to 50%, without any need to modify existing logistics infrastruc ture, aircraft or engines.

With the start up of production at La M de in 2021 and Normandy in 2022, TotalEnergies is in a position to meet demand from its customers and the require ments of French legislation, which calls for aircraft to use at least 1% biojet fuel effective January 1, 2022.

Expanding the distribution of biofuels At year end 2021, internal combustion vehicles still accounted for more than 98% of the land vehicles on the road worldwide.

Sustainable biofuels can reduce those vehicles’ CO2 emis sions.

In 2021, TotalEnergies distributed 3 Mt of sustainable biofuels2 worldwide.

Government policies to promote carbon neutrality are boosting demand for these renewable products, especially in Europe.

The Company will be part of that change, and aims to sell 7 to 8 Mt in 2025.

Supporting our customers’ energy transition thanks to NGV Natural gas vehicle (NGV) fuel, marketed in the form of com pressed natural gas (CNG) or liquefied natural gas (LNG), offers a transitional pathway for reducing CO2 emissions.

This fuel is now available at 600 service stations in the TotalEn ergies global network.

The incorporation of biogas, if there is enough available production, may make it possible to decar bonize NGV, CNG and LNG in the future.

In February 2021, TotalEnergies inaugurated France’s largest NGV and bio NGV service station in Gennevilliers.

Promoting low carbon solutions for trucks Truck manufacturers are developing electric vehicles for dai ly journeys of less than 500 km and are also working on very high power batteries that can extend these vehicles’ driving range.

TotalEnergies is supporting that process by expanding its network of high power charge points.

Its goal is to have a charging station every 150 kilometers throughout Western Europe, with charging solutions available to trucking profes sionals directly at their home site.

In addition, several truck manufacturers are looking at hydrogen as an attractive alter native for longer trips.

TotalEnergies entered into a partnership with Daimler Trucks in 2021 dedicated to hydrogen infrastruc ture for trucks in France, Germany and Benelux.

Supplying LNG to cruise ships and maritime transport March 2021: TotalEnergies signs an agreement.

Joining alliances to decarbonize the shipping industry June 2020: TotalEnergies joins the Getting.

Groupe ADP and Airbus join forces to of LNG annually to future cruise ships.

April 2021: TotalEnergies completes reducing emissions from shipping by at least a 16% blend of SAF produced from cooking the first LNG bunkering of the CMA CGM Jacques Saad , the world’s largest.

February 2021: TotalEnergies joins the container ship, at Dunkirk.

Center for Zero Carbon Shipping, dedicated initiate a feasibility study for France’s first bioLNG production project.

The flight from Paris to Montreal reduced CO2 emissions by 20 tons compared to conventional jet fuel.

Residential, Commercial and Industrial Uses y the end of 2021, TotalEnergies sold electricity and natural gas to nine million residential and commercial customers in Europe.

TotalEner gies is aiming for nearly 13 million sites (B2B and B2C) across every market segment in 2025.

The Company gives preference to power from renewable sources and has developed a range of differentiated offerings for residential and business customers.

For residential customers in Europe, TotalEnergies offers tai lored solutions with its Green renewable power service, with rates that are locked in for one year, alongside conventional service offerings.

It also helps consumers to save energy with ConsoLive, a tool that lets them measure their electricity use in real time ConsoLive’s 40,000 current users have reduced their power consumption by an average of 13%.

For businesses, since 2021, TotalEnergies has been signing a growing number of corporate power purchase agreements, or CPPAs, for renewable energy.

The Company also offers customers the option of adding solar power to their sites.

In France, TotalEnergies is the market leader in solar power on buildings, having been awarded projects totaling more than 250 MW in the French Energy Regulatory Commission’s CRE 4 call for tenders since 2017.

Portfolio management with a strong focus on low carbon energy TotalEnergies’ marketing units now deploy a strategy designed to prioritize markets that offer the highest margins per ton of CO2 emitted, and streamline their portfolios accordingly.

The Company emphasizes customized solutions that create a direct relationship with the customer, and aims to eliminate low margin sales to resellers, an area in which it lacks a signif icant competitive advantage.

In the aviation industry, it is focusing on high value added airport facilities while maintaining its global presence.

As of 2025, it will no longer be selling heavy fuel oil for power gen eration, and it is already steering its customers toward alter natives, such as natural gas, biofuels and renewable energies.

One B2B Solutions A dedicated marketing organization to help our B2B customers decarbonize in their energy use  TotalEnergies’ B2B industrial and commercial customers are increasingly requesting help in choosing energy sources that are aligned with their own efforts to decarbonize.

The Company wields a major competitive advantage in responding to those requests, thanks to the wide spectrum of energies and products it offers.

To assist those customers, the Company is rolling out a dedicated marketing organization in 2022, called One B2B Solutions.

The new unit markets solutions in ten market segments with the highest potential and provides overall management of Key Accounts.

Developing CO2 storage services Under the scenarios prepared by the IEA, the volume of CO2 captured and stored using CCS processes could total 5 to 7 billion tons annually by 2050, compared to just 40 Mt today.

Developing that business therefore represents a major chal lenge for the decades ahead to get to net zero by 2050.

TotalEnergies’ CCS projects are helping to reduce its own emissions, but via additional available capacity, they will also help it develop services for transporting and storing carbon on behalf of industrial customers intent on reducing their emis sions.

The North Sea is ideal setting for such projects, offering significant storage potential close to major industrial centers.

TotalEnergies is taking part in several large scale initiatives in the North Sea (see p. 36).

The Company’s goal is to provide its customers with storage capacity of more than 10 Mt CO2 year by 2030, with the ambi tion of lifting capacity to more than 50 Mt CO2 year by 2050.

CPPAs: New agreements to supply solar power March 2021: TotalEnergies signs CPPAs with that include construction of dozens of solar renewable power over 15 years in Belgium) power plants across France.

Microsoft (47 MW) and Orange (100 GWh year) one with Air Liquide (50 GWh year of the U.S. and Europe).

Navigating the energy transition and capping global warming are global challenges.

TotalEnergies can meet those challenges only by actively enlisting its partners, specifically governments and industry associations.

Support for the Fit for 55 package TotalEnergies supports the pledges made by nations world wide to combat global warming as part of the Paris Agree ment.

Within the European Union, TotalEnergies supports the Fit for 55 package, and particularly some key components that are aligned with its strategy and positions: Broader use of carbon pricing.

The deployment of infrastructure (charging stations, hydrogen).

The development of low carbon and renewable fuels for the transportation industry.

In support of those commitments by the European Commis sion, it has set a target in Europe of reducing Scope 1 2 3 emissions by 30% between 2015 and 2030.

Mobilization of industry organizations TotalEnergies is a member of many industry associations and has published a list of its affiliations since 2016.

The Compa ny typically cooperates with these organizations on technical matters, but some take public stances on other issues, such as climate.

The Company ensures that these organizations hold positions aligned with its own, and regularly reviews each organization’s stance on the climate.

Since 2019, TotalEnergies has conducted an annual assess ment of the climate related public positions of the main pro fessional associations of which it is a member.

The Company examines whether they are aligned with its own, based on the six principles from its Advocacy Directive.

During the 2019 and 2020 reviews, the positions taken by the American Petroleum Institute (API) were deemed partially aligned with the Company’s own positions.

After voicing its points of disagreement with the API, and after continuing to promote its positions within the organization, in early 2021 TotalEnergies announced its decision not to renew its mem bership particularly because of continued divergences on the regulation of methane emissions.

TotalEnergies has likewise withdrawn from two other orga nizations whose positions were not aligned with its own: American Fuel Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP).

Additionally, TotalEnergies participates in organizations and initiatives devoted specifically to the fight against climate change.

In 2014, for example, it helped launch the Oil Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI).

Review of affiliations based on six key principles  Scientific position: TotalEnergies recognizes the link established by science between human activities, in particular the use of fossil fuels, and climate change.

The Paris Agreement: TotalEnergies recognizes the Paris Agreement as a major step forward in the fight against global warming and supports the initiatives of the implementing States to achieve the objectives of this agreement.

Carbon pricing: TotalEnergies supports the implementation of carbon pricing.

The development of renewable energies: TotalEnergies supports policies, initiatives and technologies aimed at promoting the development of renewable energies and sustainable bioenergies (biofuels, biogas) as well as energies and technologies aimed at decarbonizing industrial processes and transport, such as hydrogen, carbon storage or the electric vehicle.

The role of natural gas: TotalEnergies promotes the role of natural gas as a transition fuel , in particular as a replacement for coal.

TotalEnergies supports policies aimed at measuring and reducing methane emissions to move towards the ambition of zero methane emissions.

Carbon offsetting: TotalEnergies promotes an approach consisting first in the reduction of GHG emissions by avoiding and then reducing emissions using the best available technologies and then offsetting residual emissions.

The Company supports carbon compensation mechanisms, which are necessary to reach net zero, when they are part of organized and certified markets in order to ensure the quality and sustainability of the carbon credits.

Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report international energy operators, this global industry partner ship is committed to developing solutions for a sustainable, low carbon future.

In 2021, the OGCI’s members, which col lectively account for more than one third of the world’s oil and gas production, embarked on a new strategy for reaching net zero Scope 1 2 emissions by 2050.

In addition, OGCI Climate Investments, a fund launched in 2017 to invest 1 billion over 10 years, provides funding to tech start ups connected with the energy transition.

The Company is also engaged in other international initiatives involving the private and public sectors: for stopping the routine flaring of gases associated with oil production, with the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative for enhanced transparency, taking into account the recom mendations of the G20 Financial Stability Board on climate, and of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), or the investors’ consortium Climate Action 100 for the development of new energy start ups, since 2017, within the Breakthrough Energy Coalition (BEC), a group of investors created by Bill Gates in 2015, and since 2016 with in Breakthrough Energy Ventures, a 1 billion fund created in 2016 by the BEC to reduce methane emissions, as a member of the United Nations Development Programme’s Oil Gas Methane Part nership (OGMP) since 2014 (see p. 34).

Preventing carbon leakage  TotalEnergies encourages the adoption of carbon pricing, but given the pricing disparities from country to country, the Company also supports the creation of Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanisms to prevent what is known as carbon leakage.

In Europe, for example, the price of carbon surpassed 80 per ton on the ETS market (industrial facilities and power generation) in 2021, whereas most industrial operators outside Europe are not exposed to such high carbon costs.

As a result, there is a risk that production could relocate to regions with less ambitious climate objectives, which would not only penalize employment in Europe but also negate efforts to reduce emissions worldwide.

Draft legislation to establish Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanisms is pending at the European Union, and proposals are also under consideration in the United States and Canada, among other countries.

Any such legislation must ensure that the lowest emitting facilities remain competitive while encouraging trade partners to establish their own carbon pricing systems.

Support for carbon pricing Carbon pricing is a major tool for reaching net zero.

For more than a decade, TotalEnergies has advocated the adoption of carbon pricing, and applies an internal carbon price when eval uating its own projects (see p. 32 33).

By integrating an energy source’s carbon content in its price, carbon pricing makes the most emission intensive sources more expensive.

In particular, putting a price on carbon gives all players an incentive to shift faster from coal to renewable energies and natural gas for electricity production.

Over the long term, it also offers a way to channel investment to research into low carbon technologies and carbon capture and storage.

The launch of China’s emissions trading scheme (ETS) in 2021, the increase in the price per ton of carbon following reforms to the European ETS market and the return of the United States to discussions on climate all augur positively for the develop ment of carbon pricing.

According to the World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Dashboard, more than 21% of global emissions are now covered by 64 carbon pricing systems worldwide.

Since 2014 the Company has been supporting a range of inter national initiatives that call for the implementation of regula tory mechanisms tailored to local conditions.

TotalEnergies is a founding member of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), which promotes a balanced approach to carbon pricing in the United States in which the revenue is redistributed to the American people in the form of a Carbon Dividend.

TotalEnergies also supports the World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC).

The credibility of the Company’s ambition for 2050 hinges on its ability to show the progress it has made so far, and it is firmly committed to doing that by publishing its 2021 results, which are in line and even often in advance with its targets: Emissions from operated facilities have declined by approxi mately 20% since 2015.

This includes 4 Mt of emissions from CCGT power plants following the implementation of the Com pany’s new strategy in electricity to have flexible generation capacity the decline for operated oil gas activities actually came to 30%.

For indirect emissions associated with customers’ use of its products: Scope 3 emissions worldwide have fallen since 2015.

In Europe, those emissions fell by 14% (excluding Covid).

On oil products alone emissions fell by 19% (excluding Covid).

The lifecycle carbon intensity indicator for the energy proj ects it sells has fallen by 10 points since 2015 (excluding Covid), making TotalEnergies the leader among its peers in decarbonizing its energy mix.

Production of Exploration Production marketable gas and sales of LNG.

Sales of petroleum products (from Marketing Services and Refining Chemicals bulk sales).

That ambition applies first and foremost to our employees, whose skills and commitment are the primary factors driving our long term performance.

If our transformation into a multi energy company is to succeed, it must be aligned with a just transition for our employees and partners.

Accordingly, our aim is to be a model employer and a responsible operator, and for that purpose we draw on the principles at the heart of our business model and our Code of Conduct, which applies to all of our operations worldwide, especially safety, respect for each other and transparency in our social engagement.

Transforming with our people 5 days of training on our ambition and electricity in 2022 2023.

Training 100% of executives, Country Chairs and project managers in human rights.

By 2025 : Women to make up 30% of executive and senior management.

Non French nationals to make up 45% of executives and 40% of senior management.

Meet our goal of auditing 100% of identified at risk strategic suppliers by 2024.

Ensure that all employees exposed to an occupational hazard receive a medical checkup.

Ensure that all our employees receive direct remuneration that exceeds the decent wage in the country where they work.

Ensure that employee representatives are in place for employees at our affiliates and suppliers.

Safety is more than a priority at TotalEnergies it is a core value on which we will not compromise for any reason.

Everyone who works at our sites must be able to return home safely at the end of their workday.

Moreover, it is factored into our compensation policy at every level.

We are expanding the safety minded cul ture we have established in our core business es to our new business endeavors in electricity and renewable energies.

In 2021, consistent with our aim of placing sustainable devel opment at the heart of our strategy, projects and operations, the HSE1 unit was incorporated into our Strategy Sustainabil ity division.

Safety, operating excellence and sustainable devel opment go hand in hand.

The programs deployed and the guidance developed since 2001 put us among the best performers in our m tiers in terms of TRIR1 in 2021.

Our Management of Major Technological Risks We are especially attentive to major technological risks.

Accordingly, we follow an integrated, robust process for every thing from designing to dismantling our facilities.

For each site, we define a set of scenarios of varying probability, for which we assess the potential consequences for people, the environment and property.

Based on that analysis, we imple ment risk reduction measures and define barriers.

Those risk assessments are regularly updated for all of our sites.

We also take climate risk into account, both in the design of our facilities and in the evaluation of our sites in operation.

Climate change potentially has multiple effects such as rising sea levels or an increased number of extreme weather events that can negatively impact our operations.

We have developed a methodology to address the anticipated changes in the climate system and its com ponents in our facility design bases (metocean criteria).

Sim ilarly, we evaluate our operating sites’ vulnerability to weather events so that their consequences do not affect the installa tions’ integrity or people’s safety.

Internal studies have not iden tified any facilities that cannot withstand the consequences of climate change known to date.

Continuous Improvement Preventive actions Corrective actions.

TotalEnergies has established a set of standards shared by all of our business sectors, known as One MAESTRO (Man agement and Expectation Standards Toward Robust Opera tions).

One MAESTRO is divided into ten essential principles, and includes requirements adopted from international stan dards on environmental management (ISO 14001:2015) and occupational health and safety (ISO 45001:2018).

The One MAESTRO standards form the basis of our safety culture and are used to address and prevent the many haz ards that are specific to our industry: major industrial acci dents (technological risk, risk to the integrity of our facilities), workplace and transportation accidents, risks to occupation al health and risks to consumers.

Experts from the Company’s HSE division conduct regu lar HSE audits to verify adherence to our set of standards.

Those audits are vital to ensuring a robust HSE policy.

They were maintained even during the Covid 19 pandemic, thanks to innovative solutions such as our smart helmet camera systems that allow site tours to be conducted remotely.

Continuously Improving Our Results Workstation safety TotalEnergies promotes the development of a strong safe ty culture among its contractors and suppliers.

In particular, the latter must provide a safe and healthy workplace in which employees are protected from accident, injury and occupation al illness.

The Company has set a goal of Zero Fatal Accidents, and is aiming for ongoing reductions in the total recordable injury rate per million hours worked (TRIR).

We disseminate this workplace safety culture throughout the Company with our 12 Golden Rules, which set out best practic es for all employees to follow, whatever their business or site.

After several years, our efforts and accumulated experience are bearing fruit.

The TRIR has been falling steadily since 2015, and fell to 0.73 in 2021.

Despite our past progress and the measures we have imple mented, there was, unfortunately, one accidental death among the Company’s personnel in 2021.

This happened in Kazakh stan during a scheduled annual inspection of an electrical transformer.

We also aim to provide regular medical checkups for our employees, especially those exposed to workplace hazards 97% of our workforce received a checkup in 2021.

Preventing major accidents and accidental pollution We track the number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 losses of primary containment, as defined by industry standards, with Tier 1 inci dents being those which may have the most serious conse quences.

The prevention policy we implemented allowed us to cut the number of such incidents by more than half since 2014.

The figure for 2021 (77) is an improvement over 2020 and very close to our all time low.

These Tier 1 and 2 events have had moderate consequences, such as accidents with lost time, fires or pollution that was limited in extent or had no impact.

The Company did not expe rience any major industrial accidents in 2021.

An indicator of the number of losses of primary containment as defined in the API and IOGP standards (excluding acts of sabotage and theft).

In addition, we have organized a comprehensive crisis man agement program for responding to a major accidental spill.

All of our sites routinely conduct drills to review and test their pollution control plans.

All TotalEnergies companies have access to in house human and material resources and are covered by service agreements with major third party organi zations that specialize in oil spill management.

In 2021, 105 sites conducted a spill response drill.

The example of road safety Road accidents are one of the Company’s biggest safety risks.

TotalEnergies has for many years maintained a road safety pol icy that includes driving rules, driver training, communication, technical specifications for vehicles and an extensive carrier inspection program.

That policy has yielded a steady decline in the number of accidents.

We have tested and installed multiple technological innova tions to prevent road accidents, especially in countries whose roads pose a high risk.

Fatigue detection systems will be installed on more than 3,200 transport vehicles by the end of 2022.

Number of road accidents that resulted in an overturned vehicle or driver or passenger injury.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 3.

The Covid 19 pandemic has had a profound impact on our communities since the start of 2020.

TotalEnergies mobilized at the outset of the crisis to tackle the many challenges it posed: ensuring continuity in our operations, given that energy plays an essential role in keeping our communities running protecting the health of our employees adapting our procedures so we could work together remotely more effectively and showing solidarity with our neighbors in our host regions.

Adapting Our Work Methods to the Pandemic While ensuring strict compliance with the health protocols in force in the countries in which we operate at all times, we have introduced remote working wherever possible, with a focus on flexibility and the responsibility of our employees and manag ers.

And the Company mobilized quickly to supply masks and hand sanitizer to our employees all over the world.

We were especially mindful of our employees’ psychological health during this period: we briefed managers on best prac tices for supervising their teams remotely, and we created a psychological support hotline available to anyone working at a TotalEnergies facility.

At operational sites where business continuity needs made working from home impractical, we set up monitoring and quarantine programs to guard onsite personnel against the risk of contamination.

Meanwhile, our teams assigned a prior ity level to each operations program based on its importance and feasibility, within the constraints imposed by the fight against the pandemic.

Our Community Support Initiatives During Covid 19 After devoting 2020 primarily to emergency response efforts, and particularly providing access to diagnostic, protective and preventive equipment, in 2021 TotalEnergies focused attention on in house vaccination campaigns for Company employees and partner firms, as well as support programs for the commu nities residing near our areas of operation.

Examples of Our Involvement in the Community:  In Uganda, a state of the art ambulance station was constructed for the Ugandan Ministry of Health.

In addition, we provided oxygen and oxygen cylinders to the Buliisa and Nwoya districts adjacent to our project operations.

In Libya, we supplied oxygen production units running on solar power to five municipalities across the country (Wadi Otba, Ghat, Jallo, Ras Lanouf, Al Ajilat).

PCR machines, kits and thousands of swab tests were also provided to the oil clinic in Tripoli.

In Papua New Guinea, the Company donated rapid test kits and masks to the Kapuna rural hospital.

The success of our transformation into a multi energy company depends on our ability to rally our 101,000 employees worldwide.

We need to demonstrate our agility in adapting our skills and working methods not just to the challenges raised by the transition, but to changes in society as well.

Better together aims to attract and enhance talent worldwide, promote a management culture, make the most of our knowledge and expertise, pass on our values and make the Company a good place to work together.

Better together is supporting the Company’s transformation with the Transforming With Our People Program, launched in 2021.

The program draws on a skills mapping process to identify our existing skills and target those we need in order to become a major player in the energy transition.

Based on the results of this process, we can define bridges from current roles to roles in renewable energies and electricity, and con duct upskilling or reskilling campaigns accordingly.

The average number of training days per employee was 4.2 in 2021.

Transforming With Our People : A Just Transition for Our Employees  Listening Regular pulse surveys.

Guidance for managers in supporting their teams: coaching, co development.

Improved detection of psychosocial risks at every level of the organization.

A youth campus event in 2022 to hear young employees voice the aspirations of future generations.

Informing Monthly round tables to share news on energy transition projects, broadcast to the entire workforce.

Regular communication from management on flagship Company projects.

Communication among peers about all forms of energy (Lunch and Learn events).

Learning Up to five days of training for all employees on the Company’s new ambition, the energy transition, climate change and electricity.

Our employees are invited to attend an e learning module and take part in a collaborative process to learn more about the Sustainable Development Goals.

Nearly 10,000 positions (excluding Hutchinson) open to mobile candidates were posted in 2021.

Nearly 4,000 career assessments were conducted to help employees choose the direction of their career and build a career path.

Our goal is to capitalize on our employees’ skills and know how with an internal recruitment and mobility policy that offers workers the prospect of long term personal growth within the Company.

We have weathered the recent shocks to the econ omy (notably the Covid 19 pandemic) without layoffs, and in 2021 we hired more than 5,000 new employees in energy professions worldwide, of whom half are under the age of 30 while the rest offer extensive experience, in a bid to strength en our pool of critical skills, particularly in the sectors that are driving the transformation, such as renewable and low carbon energy and digital technology (see p. 33, Digital Factory).

In addition, our internal mobility policy lets employees take charge of their own career by changing jobs on a regular basis in order to acquire new skills.

Since 2019, the Company has trained more than 400 Talent Developers who offer personal ized support to employees in their career moves.

Supporting the Redevelopment of Sites in Transition While Boosting the Local Job Market The energy transition is also driving changes on our markets, to which our production infrastructure, particularly in Europe, will need to adapt.

We have invested heavily in upgrading our industrial sites, such as Carling and Flandres, to maintain their long term viability by converting them to energies of the future (as at La M de and Grandpuits) without resorting to layoffs.

The success of that transition depends on thinking ahead, individual support for the employees affected and stakeholder involvement.

We also provide extensive support to our sub contractors as a way to preserve local jobs and spur new man ufacturing projects (see Chapter 5).

Dialogue with Our Employees: An Essential Factor in the Success of Our Transformation Workplace dialogue is an integral part of our culture at TotalEn ergies.

We maintain an ongoing dialogue with employees and their representative bodies, which enjoy a special role and status, particularly during discussions with the management teams.

That dialogue takes place at the local level as well as at cor porate headquarters.

Our affiliates have set up employee rep resentation systems in countries where such representation is not mandatory under local legislation.

The Company’s current transformation has intensified that dialogue with employee representatives, who have been closely involved in each project from the earliest stages until after the project’s completion.

One Tech: consultation in 2020 prior to the project’s launch, followed by regular briefings and consultation as it was being implemented.

Transforming With Our People: information on the project and the skills mapping process.

La M de: progress report on the La M de conversion and each pending project.

Grandpuits: monthly project updates and regular updates on actions and projects initiated with TotalEnergies D veloppement R gional in connection with the contractors.

TotalEnergies has a very robust worldwide labor policy thanks, in particular, to a global agreement signed in 2015 with international union federation IndustriALL Global Union, which provides the Company’s employees with a base of social measures that supplement local regulations, in all host countries.

TotalEnergies intends to pursue its dia logue with stakeholders to keep this labor policy moving forward.

TotalEnergies’ fundamental principles of purchas ing provide suppliers and contractors with a framework for ensuring that they, along with their own suppliers and con tractors, comply with principles equivalent to the Compa ny’s concerning their employees’ working conditions, thereby helping to create the conditions for a just transition for our stakeholders (see p. 72).

Diversity: An Invaluable Asset for Our Company Our Company reflects the diversity of our employees.

At TotalEnergies, a diverse workforce is key to our competitive ness, appeal and ability to innovate.

It is a direct outgrowth of our value of Respect for Each Other, which similarly shapes our efforts to promote equal opportunity and our categorical rejection of all forms of discrimination.

Boasting nearly 160 nationalities in our workforce, a presence in more than 130 countries and more than 740 skills, we can operate globally by drawing locally on employees who are intimately familiar with each country.

During Diversity and Inclusion Week 2021, 3,000 employees participated in forums in 180 affiliates on top ics such as gender equality, intergenerational and intercultural relations, disabilities, sexual orientation and gender identity.

Improving Gender Balance and International Diversity Our proactive policy of inclusiveness is designed to ensure that men and women alike, of all nationalities, enjoy the same career opportunities up to the highest levels of management.

Promoted by the Diversity Council, chaired by a member of the Company’s Executive Committee, diversity is also supported by initiatives to change mentalities more quickly, with regular awareness campaigns such as Diversity and Inclusion Week and in house training.

Welcoming Employees with Disabilities TotalEnergies promotes employment for people with disabili ties both directly, through our own hires, and indirectly through our purchases from the sheltered employment sector as part of our responsible procurement policy.

The Company signed the International Labour Organization’s Global Business and Disability Charter in 2018 and 41 affiliates have set goals for the next two years.

In 2021, managers from those affiliates attended an e learning course entitled Unlocking Disability.

A Commitment to Youth Employment Our transformation also includes a commitment to employ ing young people, who are raising the concerns of wider soci ety and want purpose in what they do.

We reserve a share of our hiring for young people, with the goal of recruiting work study students at a rate of 5% of the total workforce in France.

We awarded 1,900 work study contracts in 2021, and have employed more than 8,000 work study students since 2016.

We have also strengthened our talent search program to expand equal opportunity.

In France, through our partner ship with the Moza k Foundation, all of the Company’s open positions are accessible to young people from less privileged areas via the Foundation’s DiversifiezVosTalents platform.

Youth inclusion and education is also a priority area for TotalEnergies Foundation (see p. 71).

TWICE, a Network for the Promotion of Women at TotalEnergies  Created by an employee in 2006, the Total Women’s Initiative for Communication and Exchange (TWICE) is an internal network with over 5,000 members worldwide.

Its goal is to help women develop their careers at TotalEnergies by sharing best practice, and building knowledge and confidence, with mentoring and development workshops.

A Commitment to a Decent Wage for All  In October 2021, the Company pledged that, by December 31, 2022, no employee’s direct compensation would fall below the decent wage in that worker’s country or region of employment, regardless of the business sector or entity in which he or she is employed.

A decent wage is defined as income that, in exchange for standard work hours, allows employees to ensure a decent life for their families, cover their essential costs and cope with unforeseen events.

Decent Compensation for All TotalEnergies is committed to enforcing a fair, competitive and responsible compensation policy worldwide, including a guar antee of compensation that exceeds the legal minimum wage.

We are also promoting opportunities for employee savings, and we support the development of employee shareholding, which strengthens employees’ sense of belonging to the Com pany and gives them a stake in the Company’s performance.

Currently, 65% of employees are Company shareholders, com prising nearly 7% of the shareholder base (see p. 73).

To supplement salary and wages, TotalEnergies offers retire ment plans and death, disability and health care benefits, all designed to ensure that employees receive coverage that goes beyond what is required by law and is competitive with the median in each country’s industrial market.

As of year end 2021, nearly 90% of the Company’s permanent employees worldwide were covered by a death benefit.

Respect for Each Other is a core value at TotalEnergies, at the heart of our collective ethic and Code of Conduct.

The Code of Conduct applies to all employees and spells out our expectations with regard to conduct and ethics for our suppliers and contractors (see Chapter 5).

In particular, Respect for Each Other means respect for human rights, which are non negotiable in our operations around the world.

We apply international best practices based on the Universal Declaration of Human rights, the International Labour Organization’s fundamental principles, the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.

For more than two decades, TotalEnergies has articulated a Code of Conduct that, over the years, has been revised to reflect international ethics standards.

We apply these principles to all our activities and all our projects.

We deploy appropriate action plans to prevent the salient risks that have been identified and address any negative impacts from our activities.

The salient risks and detailed reporting on our activities are described in our Human Rights Report, available on our website, TotalEnergies.com.

United Nationals Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Systems for recording warnings and grievances in each country.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report TotalEnergies Withdraws from Myanmar  Following the coup of February 1, 2021 in Myanmar, TotalEnergies firmly condemned the abuses and human rights violations taking place there.

In order to maintain a source of electricity for the people of Yangon and western Thailand, and to protect our employees from forced labor, we decided to continue to produce gas, while halting our ongoing projects.

Despite all our efforts, however, we were not able to meet the expectations of our stakeholders calling for an end to payments for the sale of gas.

The deterioration of the human rights situation and the rule of law in the country led us to reassess the situation, which no longer allowed us to make a sufficiently positive contribution there, and we decided on January 21, 2022 to begin our withdrawal from current contracts, which will be effective as of July 2022.

We Listen to Whistleblowers As part of our commitment to listening and transparency, we are open to opportunities to advance human rights wherever we can.

The Company’s Ethics Committee reports directly to the Chair man and CEO.

It oversees a network of more than 100 Ethics Officers and maintains a resource, available to all, for report ing information or addressing situations or behavior that vio late the Code of Conduct (at ethics totalenergies.com).

As of year end 2021, 140 reports had been logged and processed in a confidential manner.

Corrective measures are applied when ever necessary.

Representatives from TotalEnergies also engage in dialogue with NGOs and human rights advocates, to coordinate actions in the field designed to prevent or resolve specific situations.

Human Rights in the Workplace TotalEnergies has made safety in the workplace a core value (see p. 48).

To combat all forms of discrimination and guaran tee a fruitful work environment, TotalEnergies promotes diver sity and inclusiveness in its workforce as well as a living wage (see p. 50).

TotalEnergies also mandates strict adherence to human rights in the workplace among our suppliers, including non discrimination and the ban on forced labor and child labor (see.

In late 2021, 35,000 employees completed the e learning module on human rights in the workplace.

Despite the pandemic, GoodCorporation conducted four assessments of our affiliates and 80 supplier audits were performed.

Human Rights and Local Communities When we develop new projects anywhere in the world, wheth er in Uganda and Tanzania or in Europe, we initiate a dialogue with community leaders, conduct analyses of local needs and concerns and provide social and economic support to the affected local communities (see p. 70).

We identify, anticipate and remedy any negative impacts of our operations on local communities affected by land acquisitions or living near our sites.

We implement systems to record complaints and main tain a steady dialogue with our stakeholders, with support from experts to evaluate our local actions.

We keep local commu nities informed about the array of reports and impact assess ments we produce.

For the Tilenga and EACOP projects, for example, our environmental and social impact assessments (ESIAs) and the findings from human rights experts have been published online1.

Human Rights and Security Operations When security contractors or government forces such as the army or police intervene to protect our personnel and facilities, we ensure that they have adequate training and report any inci dents to management.

In 2020 and 2021, TotalEnergies coor dinated training on the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights for government and private security forces for the Mozambique LNG project, despite the difficulties posed by the pandemic and the sharp rise in insecurity in the country.

We call on external experts for support and advice.

As part of a commitment to continuous improvement, we regularly eval uate our affiliates on their efforts to address human risks and to identify new or potential salient risks that may emerge.

TotalEnergies takes care to manage the environmental impacts of all its operations according to the Avoid Reduce Compensate principle.

The first step is to avoid any impacts wherever possible.

If an impact cannot be avoided, the Company uses best available technology to reduce it and, as a last resort, compensates any residual impacts.

The Company has set three priorities to take care of the planet's resources: preserving biodiversity, protecting water resources and practicing circular resource management.

In 2022 the Company decided to renew, strengthen and expand the environmental objectives set for the previous decade, which had already been met.

These objectives have been strengthened and expanded.

According to the IPBES1, more than a million species are currently threatened with extinction.

Biodiversity, or the diversity of living things, is both a global and local concept.

Global, because it includes all ecosystems and the way they interact local, because it also implies an equilibrium at the regional or site level.

TotalEnergies' actions address both of these dimensions.

Biodiversity, a Global and Local Issue In its Global Assessment Report on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services2, the IPBES identified climate change as the third global driver of biodiversity loss after changes in land and sea use and direct exploitation of species.

The Company is even more resolute in implementing the transformation and initiatives required to address the climate challenge (see p. 32).

Locally, the Company deploys tailored and tangible solutions to manage the impacts of its operations on biodiversity, with a priority on avoidance.

To do that, it renewed its ambition for biodiversity in 2021.

In 2018, TotalEnergies proactively joined Act4Nature Inter national, an initiative3 tailored for French multinationals with commitments4 to promote biodiversity.

Members adhere to ten common commitments, as well as individual SMART5 company specific commitments6.

A report7 on the implemen tation of TotalEnergies’ commitments is publicly available.

The Company’s commitments frame its biodiversity ambi tion and have been posted on the Convention for Biological Diversity’s Action Agenda8 portal.

They form TotalEnergies’ contribution to the United Nations’ Post 2020 Global Biodi versity Framework (GBF)9, which will set 2030 targets for the planet at the COP15 meeting in Kunming.

The Convention for Biological Diversity recognizes corporate commitments as a key solution for dealing with the loss of biodiversity.

Collaboration Private public sector collaboration is at the heart of our approach.

TotalEnergies’ partnership with the United Nations Environment Programme's World Conservation Monitoring Center (UNEP WCMC) gives the Company access to geographical biodiversity data that are crucial to assessing project biodiversity risks.

In addition, it has established local partnerships, such as with the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) in Uganda.

The Company is also working with the IUCN on projects establishing good practices for managing the impacts of renewable energies on biodiversity.

As a member of Ipieca, which has observer status at the United Nations, TotalEnergies has participated in the preparatory work of the Convention on Biological Diversity's Global Biodiversity Framework.

The Company is also a member of the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Forum created in 2021, which will define a framework for reporting and measuring corporate biodiversity impacts.

Lastly, TotalEnergies takes part in the work of the EU Business Biodiversity Platform.

Evaluating Our Priorities and Setting Our Objectives TotalEnergies assesses impacts and stakeholders' expectations across the entire value chain, and takes suppliers into account as well (see p. 72).

In particular, the Company has launched an analysis of its operations based the guidelines of the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN), which aims to limit the loss of biodiversity.

Respecting voluntary exclusion zones: TotalEnergies recog nizes the value of UNESCO World Natural Heritage Sites and does not conduct any oil or gas to operations in such areas.

In addition, it does not carry out any oil field exploration in Arctic sea ice areas.

Specific biodiversity action plans are deployed for projects located in an area of interest for biodiversity (IUCN Protected Area Categories I to IV10 and Ramsar sites11) with the goal of producing a net positive impact in areas of priority interest for biodiversity (IUCN I II and Ramsar sites).

In 2021, eight biodiversity action plans (BAPs) were rolled out or under preparation.

These plans take into account the ecosystem services provided to local communities.

The Company’s net positive impact plans include the Tilenga and EACOP projects, the La Perri re wind and solar site located on Reunion Island, Mozambique LNG and Papua LNG.

Managing biodiversity at existing sites and sites that are ceasing operations.

At each environmentally significant site, the Company implements a biodiversity action plan.

Five sites were assessed in 2021 and the full range of measures will be deployed by 2025.

This approach enhances our teams’ biodiversity awareness.

When a site ceases operations, the Company looks at creating biodiversity zones as one of the rehabilitation options.

In 2021, it studied the possibility of converting a dozen former sites into biodiversity zones.

TotalEnergies shares its biodiversity data with the scientific community on the Global Biodiversity Information Facility portal.

TotalEnergies Foundation supports biodiversity awareness initiatives and research on coastal areas and oceans.

Lastly, TotalEnergies Foundation’s Action program, which promotes employees' civic engagement, recorded 1,815 initiatives in 28 countries in 2021.

This new ambition has been integrated in the Company's One MAESTRO management system (see p. 50).

The Company publicly discloses the implementation of these commitments (for more details, see our Biodiversity Brochure).

In January 2022, the Company rounded out its biodiversity commitments by setting a target of zero net deforestation for each of its new projects at new sites.

IPBES: Intergovernmental Science Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services.

Initiative launched by French business association Entreprises pour l’Environnement (EpE) and its partners.

SMART: Specific, Measurable, Additional, Realistic, Time bound.

IUCN areas: Ia (Strict Nature Reserve), Ib (Wilderness Area), II (National Park), III (Natural Monument or Feature), IV (Habitat Species Management Area), V (Protected Landscape Seascape), VI (Protected Area with Sustainable Use of Natural Resources).

Ramsar site: A wetland site designated to be of international importance under the Ramsar convention.

Oceans  TotalEnergies takes the challenges of marine environments into account in its projects and operations.

The Company’s offshore oil, gas and wind projects pay special attention to biodiversity, notably as concerns birds and mammals.

The Company cooperates with its peers and leading academic institutions like the University of Oxford to develop tools for identifying the marine biodiversity issues related to wind projects.

TotalEnergies markets LNG, which emits less CO2 and sulfur dioxide, for shipping.

In France and around the world, the Company takes part in citizen initiatives to protect coastal ecosystems.

In 2021, it joined the Ocean 100 initiative led by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and World Economic Forum (WEF) in order to coordinate and take action to promote sustainable oceans with the major multinationals that generate revenues from the ocean economy.

New Energies, Bioenergies and Preserving Biodiversity  The urgency of the climate crisis is speeding the development of alternatives to fossil energies.

Steps must be taken to manage the risk to biodiversity stemming from the development of renewables and biomass.

The Company pays special attention to protecting marine habitats, notably for offshore wind projects, as well as terrestrial habitats for renewable and bioenergy projects.

These issues are integrated in its investment criteria (see p. 24 25).

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 4.

Water is an essential resource both for nature and for humankind.

Because water is fully integrated in its strategy, TotalEnergies joined the UN Global Compact's CEO Water Mandate in 2022.

This framework makes it possible to work together with other stakeholders to protect this resource.

Managing Water in Our Operations In 2021, the Company's sites withdrew 101 million cubic meters of fresh water.

Half of this was withdrawn in water stressed areas according to the World Resources Institute's Baseline Water Stress indicator.

A detailed risk analysis for these sites makes it possible to see if TotalEnergies’ operations put other users at risk of a shortage.

In early 2022, the Company set a target to reduce fresh water withdrawals by 20% between 2021 and 2030 at sites in water stressed areas.

An action plan has been established for each site that addresses both operational excellence and specific projects.

The Company also takes care to preserve water bodies from pollution, notably by limiting the hydrocarbon content of its aqueous waste.

Available fresh water: rivers and streams, natural and artificial reservoirs, groundwater by 2030 at all onshore and coastal sites.

The 2021 result stood at 2.6 mg L, with 80% of sites in compliance with the new 1 mg L target.

TotalEnergies conducts multiple R D projects concerning water, such as the Sustainable Water Platform (SWAP), which aims to use renewable energy to treat and recycle rainwater and wastewater.

It has also developed dedicated tools to monitor water, such as Wat R use , which calculates a site's water footprint and the associated cost and recommends measures to limit water use.

According to the WRI Baseline Water Stress forecast for 2030.

Managing Water in Our Supplies Water pollution risks are among the parameters used by the Company to assess its suppliers.

In particular, it identifies suppliers with production facilities located in Ramsar sites, which are of prime importance for recovery and natural water resources.

Sourcing of chemical products must also focus on minimizing their toxicity, bioaccumulation and resistance to degradation in the environment in order to protect both the environment and human health.

In 2021, the Company launched a study on the water use intensity of its most impactful suppliers1 to ensure that they respect best water use practices.

It also shares its best practices guides with suppliers to help them in this process.

Participating in Collective Water Management Initiatives TotalEnergies participates in industrial working groups such as Concawe to identify and anticipate potentially hazardous substances in effluent through studies, in depth analysis campaigns and site surveys to establish guideposts and compare site data.

The Company has its own research center with pilot rivers and tests different methods for demonstrating the ecotoxicity of effluent.

TotalEnergies entered into a partnership with the International Office for Water (IOWater) in September 2020.

In 2021, this partnership gave the Company access to data on the sensitivity of watersheds near its operations.

TotalEnergies helps add to knowledge in professional organizations such as Ipieca and local groups like watershed committees in France.

The Company is developing an international training module with Ipieca covering all water related issues, from resources to releases.

At certain sites, the Company participated in programs to clean waterways in 2021 with local organizations such as Waterways Watch Society (WWS) in Belgium or the Texas Conservation Fund Trash Bash in the United States.

Suppliers whose operations require substantial amounts of water.

Supporting Public Water Resource Policies In 2021, TotalEnergies’ water experts took part in the work of high level organizations such as France's national water council.

The Company's Marketing Services affiliates deploy technical water substitution and recycling solutions in water stressed regions in liaison with local officials, notably by installing modules to recycle car wash water from multi program systems.

In 2021, 22 car washes were equipped with a new steam cleaning system that uses just one liter of water per car.

Engaging with Local Communities TotalEnergies’ sites or affiliates conduct water education and awareness campaigns in partnership with local stakeholders.

They support the development of adequate water infrastructure, including water distribution and sanitation systems.

The affiliates in Gabon, Mozambique and Uganda, for example, fostered the deployment of a community supply system for running water from wells drilled by the Company (includes a water reservoir, treatment facility and six public distribution points).

In 2021, E P's Bolivian affiliate helped improve and install additional catchment for the water system in the village of Caraparicito.

Also in 2021, the affiliates in Singapore supported the Waterways Watch Society, which raises awareness about the importance of water for future generations and promotes water conservation.

In addition to the circular production processes being employed by TotalEnergies to decarbonize energy, the promotion of circular resource management requires responsible waste management.

Re employing products for similar uses so they do not become waste.

In 2021, active sites operated by TotalEnergies affiliates generated 500 kt of waste, of which 61% was recovered.

In early 2022, the Company set an objective to increase that by recovering, on average, more than 70% of its waste by 2030.

TotalEnergies' commitment goes beyond managing its own waste.

It has, for example, been eliminating single use plastic bags across its entire retail network.

Similarly, it contributes to the Alliance to End Plastic Waste.

The Alliance to End Plastic Waste  TotalEnergies is a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste created in 2019, which brings together 80 companies in the plastics and consumer goods value chain.

The Alliance aims to devote 1.5 billion over five years to financing the development of solutions to reduce and process (reuse, recycle and recover) plastic waste in the environment, particularly in the oceans.

In 2021, the Alliance supported the Coliba project to improve the collection, processing and sale of rigid plastic waste in Abidjan, C te d’Ivoire by installing collection points in Shell and TotalEnergies service stations.

The collected waste is baled and transferred to the Coliba plant for processing and then re sale.

Commitment to Eliminating Plastic Bags in Service Stations in Europe and Africa  Going beyond the obligation to stop distributing single use plastic bags in Europe, the Marketing Services' retail network department recommended applying this measure in all M S affiliates worldwide in 2019.

This objective implemented in Europe was achieved in Africa and Asia in 2021 and is continuing in the Americas.

The Company plans to deploy action plans for the 2022 2025 period in three stages: surveys, action plans and disclosure of results.

Creation of areas rich in biodiversity: 10 decommissioned sites identified for biodiversity restoration.

No oil or gas exploration or extraction operations at UNESCO world natural heritage sites No oil field exploration operations in the Arctic sea ice areas.

Development of a biodiversity action plan for each new project located in protected areas (IUCN I IV and Ramsar sites).

Net positive impact on biodiversity, confirmed by a third party, for each new project in priority interest areas (IUCN I II and Ramsar sites).

Implementation of a biodiversity action plan for all environmentally significant sites.

Support biodiversity awareness among young people and employees and share biodiversity data collected in our environmental studies.

The Company is committed to a zero net deforestation target for all new projects.

Environmentally significant sites: producing Exploration Production sites, refineries, petrochemicals and polymer sites, and gas fired power stations.

Includes external factors, without which this figure would be 21 kt.

With operations in 130 countries, and activities throughout the energy value chain, TotalEnergies aims to generate shared prosperity with its various stakeholders.

The Company is committed to ensuring that its businesses and projects create value, as well as positive change.

To this end, TotalEnergies acts in compliance with its Code of Conduct in interactions with all of its stakeholders: employees (see chapter 3), customers and partners (see chapter 2), host states and communities, civil society representatives, suppliers and investors.

The 48 billion of value we created in 2021 generates revenues for the governments of the 130 countries we operate in (taxes), our economic partners, including our suppliers (investments), our 101,000 employees (wages and payroll taxes), and our shareholders, who number more than 1,300,000 (dividends).

Deploying the Multi Energy Transition in Host Countries otalEnergies has been a pioneer in major glob al energy developments for many decades.

The challenges of climate change and global energy demand are reshaping national needs and dynamics.

The Company’s multi energy model allows it to provide tailored, integrated technical solu tions.

New projects benefit from the transfer of technolo gies acquired worldwide.

The Company proposes integrated financial solutions.

When it invests, the Company forges part nerships and develops local skills in cooperation with public authorities and the available commercial and industrial base.

India: Investing in Lower Carbon Energies in India Renewables and Natural Gas  In 2021, India announced its ambition to get to net zero by 2070.

To do that, it aims to increase the share of gas and renewables in its energy mix.

In India, the Company has chosen to partner with Adani, one of the country’s leading industrial groups with an extensive presence in energy and infrastructure.

The first chapter of the partnership concerned gas, with the 2018 investment in a regasification terminal in Dhamra and distribution of municipal gas.

In early 2022, TotalEnergies’ ATGL joint venture won additional gas distribution licenses as part of a tender launched in 2021, becoming the leading private company in its market.

In renewables, TotalEnergies acquired a direct 20% interest in Adani Green Energy Ltd (AGEL), the world’s largest solar power developer, in January 2021.

AGEL continued its expansion in 2021 by submitting bids for renewable projects in India and acquiring SB Energy India from Softbank and Bharti for 3.5 billion.

TotalEnergies is also investing in R D in India via a research center in Mumbai and a digital innovation partnership with Tata subsidiary TCS.

Iraq: A Flagship Multi Energy Contract for Sustainably Developing Natural Resources  In September 2021, TotalEnergies and the Iraqi authorities signed major agreements covering several projects in the Basra region, designed to enhance the development of Iraq's natural resources to improve the country’s electricity supply.

Iraq, a country rich in natural resources, is indeed experiencing electricity shortages while it faces a sharp increase in demand from the population.

TotalEnergies, with the support of the Iraqi authorities, on the one hand will invest in installations to recover gas that is being flared on three oil fields and supply gas to 1.5 GW of power generation capacity in a first phase growing to 3 GW in a second phase, and, on the other hand, will develop 1 GWp of solar electricity generation capacity to supply the Basra regional grid.

These agreements include: The construction of a new gas gathering network and treatment units to supply the local power stations, with TotalEnergies also bringing its expertise to optimize the oil and gas production of the Ratawi field by building and operating new capacities.

The construction of a large scale seawater treatment unit to increase water injection capacities in southern Iraq fields without increasing water withdrawals, as the country is currently facing a water stress situation.

This water injection is required to maintain pressure in several fields and will help optimize the production of the natural resources in the Basra region.

The construction and operation of a photovoltaic power plant with a capacity of 1 GWac to supply electricity to the grid in the Basra region.

These projects represent a total investment of approximately 10 billion (100% share).

TotalEnergies is aware of the specific environment in the Basra region and makes people’s safety its top concern.

As part of this project, special attention will be given to engagement with the local population, the existence of sensitive ecosystems and the proximity of UNESCO World Heritage sites.

Sharing the Revenues from Energy Production and Sales In oil and gas producing countries, TotalEnergies’ operated activities upstream are governed by contracts awarded by or signed with governments, state owned enterprises and, occasionally, private landowners.

The main types of contract are concession contracts and production sharing contracts, which define how the production and related revenues are to be shared between the host country and the various parties.

Fighting Corruption: Our Progress in 2021  360 Compliance Officers in the affiliates worldwide.

Anti corruption training: As of end 2021, more than 80,000 employees had completed the two online training courses.

Audits: More than 20 assessment missions were carried out in affiliates identified as most exposed by the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer with partners specialized in analyzing financial data.

Number of incidents and disciplinary actions: Around 360 incidents involving fraud, corruption or influence peddling were recorded, leading to more than 110 disciplinary actions, up to and including dismissal.

Payments by the Company's extractive affiliates to govern ments, states or territories in which TotalEnergies operates amounted to 15 billion in 2021.

At the other end of the value chain product retailing the Company collects excise taxes from energy product users for states.

Each day, TotalEnergies serves more than 8 million motorists in its service stations around the world and 13 million gas and electricity customers.

In 2021, it collected 21 billion in excise taxes on petroleum products and 2 billion in excise taxes on gas and electricity for states.

Fighting Tax Evasion TotalEnergies pays its fair share of taxes, in compliance with current laws and treaties and in accordance with its Code of Conduct.

In 2021, consolidated current income taxes amount ed to 8.16 billion.

The average tax rate, calculated on adjusted net operating income, stood at 37.9% for 2021.

The Company has made a commitment not to create affiliates in countries generally acknowledged as tax havens and to repatriate or liquidate existing affiliates, where feasible.

In France, where it is headquartered, TotalEnergies entered into the Tax Partnership with the French authorities for greater transparency, dialogue and trust as soon as it was launched.

TotalEnergies has also publicly endorsed the Responsible Tax Principles developed by the B Team, a non profit organization bringing together business leaders and representatives of civil society with the aim of promot ing a sustainable form of economic and social development.

In its Universal Registration Document, the Company issues an annual report on its extractive affiliates’ payments to gov ernments, as well as a list of its consolidated affiliates with their country of registration and business.

The Company also issues a fiscal transparency report that provides additional information on the income and other taxes paid in its main host countries in order to give its stakeholders a fuller and more pertinent view of its tax situation.

Fighting Corruption TotalEnergies is exposed to corruption risks due to its pres ence in certain countries that have a high perceived level of corruption according to the index drawn up by Transparency International.

The Company applies a principle of zero tolerance of corrup tion for all its employees and suppliers.

Actions have been taken to develop a Speak Up culture and employees are encouraged to report any situations that do not comply with the TotalEnergies Code of Conduct.

Beyond these direct and indirect impacts, it also means providing ongoing training and upskill ing, if necessary, when demand shifts (see p. 54).

Lastly, a sus tainable presence involves listening to local expectations and putting the Company's operations in a positive light through dialogue, responsible impact management and socio eco nomic development initiatives.

The Company’s social performance is reflected in the quality and durability of its relations with stakeholders.

It is illustrat ed by the Company’s ability to avoid, reduce and compensate its impacts on communities over and beyond contractual obli gations.

It also involves meeting communities’ needs and helping to improve their well being by successfully executing projects.

In 2021, the Company carried out more than 3,000 civic responsibility initiatives around the world representing a total of 170 million or 200 million.

Focus on Local Socio Economic Development In 2021, TotalEnergies provided support for: Budding entrepreneurs.

In Nigeria, the Company has run a program since 2006 to empower and create on ramps for vul nerable young residents of Delta State through pragmatic, long term actions adapted to the local situation.

With its focus on skills acquisition and its start up kits, this annual program gives disadvantaged young people an opportunity to learn a profession and create their own business.

The first step involves training in the profession of the participant's choice, followed by support for business creation and two years of pre paid rent on business premises.

The 2021 class compris es five young people currently in training.

In France, TotalEnergies encourages and supports job creation projects to develop SMEs and start ups.

It grants zero interest loans ranging from 20,000 to 100,000.

More than 3,600 jobs were supported by this initiative in 2021.

In 2022, TotalEnergies also joined the Chairman and CEOs' Collective for a more inclusive economy, which aims to propose solutions for inclusion through jobs, the development of offers for the most vulnerable populations and responsible purchasing approaches.

In Angola, the Company sup ported a training program for female entrepreneurs in Ambriz in partnership with World Vision.

In Bolivia, it supported a train ing program for seamstresses in the Iviyeca community and women in Lagunillas.

TotalEnergies Foundation : Our Community Engagement Program.

TotalEnergies Foundation encompasses the community initiatives conducted every day worldwide by the Company's sites, affiliates and corporate foundation.

Inclusion and Education Road Safety Climate, Coastal Areas and Oceans Cultural Dialogue and Heritage.

TotalEnergies Is Committed to Supporting Young People Around the world, youth unemployment and job insecurity have worrying human and economic consequences.

There can be no sustainable development if young people are left out.

TotalEnergies is committed to helping socially vulnerable young people become independent through initiatives in three areas: Support and guidance.

In France, TotalEnergies Foundation designed and financed L'Industreet, a campus that offers training in undersupplied industrial jobs.

Young people have a choice of courses, rang ing from 8 to 18 months, in eight professions with strong hir ing potential.

L’Industreet’s personalized teaching methods are based on 80% hands on experience, project based learn ing with individualized support with one incoming group each month, mentoring, flexible internship periods and social assis tance.

The end goal is for each participant to rapidly find a job.

L'Industreet is located in Seine Saint Denis, an under served urban area.

Since 2021, it has provided tuition free training to around 150 students aged 18 to 30, with or without qualifications, from all social and cultural backgrounds and various regions in France.

Ulti mately, 400 young people will receive training each year.

Engaged Employees  The Action program gives employees an opportunity to spend up to three workdays a year on community projects near their place of work.

In 2021, despite the pandemic, more than 5,400 employees took advantage of the program and more than 8,000 initiatives were carried out (for a total of 2,900 paid workdays).

Cultural Programs Include and Benefit Young People The heritage of past generations is a foundational asset for a community's identity and future.

Culture is a source of open ness and helps develop social cohesion.

TotalEnergies sup ports an introduction to theater program initiated by Th tre de la Colline that gives high school students in Nantes, Stras bourg, Reims and Paris an opportunity to pair up and partic ipate in a shared artistic experience.

In another example, in 2021 the Company renewed its historic partnership with French heritage preservation non profit Fondation du Patri moine for three years, with the goal that 80% of the projects selected will provide marketable skills.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 5.

TotalEnergies works with more than 100,000 suppliers of goods and services around the world, with purchases exceeding 25 billion in 20211. n line with its ambition to put sustainable development at the heart of its projects and operations, the Compa ny updated its Fundamental Principles of Purchasing in 2021 with: The introduction of a principle in favor of climate that includes a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions Enhanced requirements for environmental protection, includ ing biodiversity, fresh water resources, and circular resource management.

The responsible purchasing approach was also strengthened in 2021 with an updated roadmap comprising 10 objectives based on the Company's four sustainable development drivers.

Acting with Our Suppliers to Preserve the Climate and Reduce Emissions The roadmap includes two paths to decarbonization.

The first concerns reducing emissions from the Company’s facilities and factors in the cost of carbon in purchases of all goods and services with an impact on operations.

The second concerns indirect emissions and aims to encourage and help suppli ers reduce their own emissions.

Among the achievements of 2021 were the first estimate of upstream Scope 3 emissions (7 Mt CO2 equivalent) with EcoAct, the launch of a collective climate approach with 1,000 suppliers and the adoption of a target for the Company’s 400 leading suppliers.

Promoting Respect for Human Rights Among our Suppliers More than 80 suppliers flagged as priority for compliance with human rights in the workplace were audited in 2021.

The approach will be enhanced in 2022 with the goal of auditing all priority suppliers, or around 800 companies, every three years.

Performing Environmental Audits of Suppliers TotalEnergies promotes care for the environment in its supply chain.

Starting in 2023, environmental audits of suppliers will be deployed, with a specific focus on responsible use of natu ral resources such as water.

Reducing emissions (Scope 1 2) Contribute to the reduction in emissions from the Company’s facilities.

Reducing emissions (Scope 3) Encourage and support suppliers in reducing their emissions.

Health safety Support our suppliers in improving prevention of health and safety risks.

Human rights Respect human rights in the supply chain.

Diversity Develop purchases from sheltered companies.

Environmental footprint Reduce our supply chain’s environmental footprint: water, air and land.

Circular economy Include circular economy principles in procurement.

Biodiversity Contribute to the protection of biodiversity in collaboration with our suppliers.

Shared value Prevent and fight conflicts of interest and corruption in procurement.

Host territories Support small and mid sized enterprises in their local growth and international development.

Increasing the Local Content of Our Projects and Operations TotalEnergies is committed to prioritizing local jobs and con tracting for all purchases whenever possible and in accor dance with operational constraints.

Each large industrial project is carried out in accordance with an industrial strategy designed to maximize the impact for the host country in terms of local jobs and value creation through purchasing (consid eration of the local content impact in selection processes), manufacturing, support for local business and development of local skills (professional training).

This approach is current ly being deployed for two major projects under development: Tilenga and EACOP (see p. 74 75).

Excluding petroleum products and vessel chartering by Trading Shipping.

Delivering Expected Performance to Our Shareholders.

TotalEnergies strives to earn its shareholders’ long term confidence and provide them with a profitable, long term investment.

It also maintains a constructive dialogue with all investors and stakeholders.

Sustainably creating value for shareholders is reflected in the dividend, which has not decreased since 1982.

Over the past ten years, the annual gross return has stood at 5.9%.

This has been possible thanks to the Company’s very good funda mentals and consistently solid balance sheet.

In addition, the asset portfolio has been profoundly re shaped since 2015 to promote assets with a breakeven below 30 barrel and the lowest production costs in the industry, at close to 5 barrel.

TotalEnergies leverages its integrated model spanning from the production, processing and distribution of energies to gen erate regular cash flows across cycles and thereby ensure its sustainability.

Sustainably creating value for shareholders also means imple menting an attractive shareholder return policy.

TotalEnergies’ policy combines a rising dividend supported by structural growth in cash flow, and share buybacks to share the addi tional revenue from high hydrocarbon prices.

Given the struc tural growth in cash flow generated by LNG and electricity, the Board of Directors decided to increase the interim dividend by 5% with respect to 2022 and proceed with share buybacks in an amount of 2 billion in the first half of the year.

The confidence of TotalEnergies’ shareholders is reflected in a steady and strong base of individual shareholders, employee shareholders and institutional investors, whose number has grown significantly in the past few years.

Around 1,300,000 individual shareholders held 13.4% of the capital as of Decem ber 31, 2021.

Employee shareholders represent 6.8% of the capital.

Convinced that employee share ownership helps align employees’ and shareholders’ interests, the Company has car ried out capital increases reserved for employees with a 20% discount since 2015.

The Company’s dividend, solid finan cials and commitment to playing a major role in the energy transition are the three main reasons cited by investors for holding TotalEnergies’ shares.

Aware that shareholders’ expectations go beyond financial returns and also include excellence in non financial perfor mance, the Company has put sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its strategy, projects and opera tions.

As seen in the chart below, TotalEnergies is recognized as a benchmark in its industry for the quality of its handling of environmental issues, civic responsibility requirements and good governance.

Peers Utilities: Enel, Iberdrola, Engie, RWE, NextEra.

Peers O G: Shell, BP, ExxonMobil, Chevron, Equinor, Eni, Repsol.

D veloppement durable et climat 2022Sustainability Climate 2022 Progress Report 5.

Focus on Our Projects in Uganda and Tanzania he Lake Albert region in Uganda has significant oil resources.

Uganda wanted to develop these resources through the Tilenga project, operat ed by TotalEnergies, and the Kingfisher project, operated by CNOOC.

The output will be trans ported to the port of Tanga in Tanzania via a pipeline built and operated by East African Crude Oil Pipeline (EACOP).

These are major industrial projects for Uganda and Tanzania.

The February 2022 announcement of this development’s launch marks the Company’s engagement, which intends to be exem plary in terms of sustainable development: a low carbon inten sity oil project, with a biodiversity net gain and value creation for the local communities and countries.

Sustainable Energy and Climate The Tilenga EACOP hydrocarbon development project is in line with our strategy of only approving new projects with low costs and low emissions.

The installations’ design includes features to keep greenhouse gas emissions well below 20 kg CO2e boe, such as solarized compressor stations all along the EACOP and the construction of a liquefied petroleum gas extraction unit at Tilenga.

This unit will make it possible to reduce process CO2 emissions and give the population access to an energy that does not have the health impacts of burn ing wood and can slow down deforestation linked to firewood gathering.

In February 2022, TotalEnergies and the Ugandan Ministry of Energy and Minerals also signed a Memorandum of Under standing (MoU) for the development of renewable energy with the objectives of developing 1 GW of installed capacity, pro moting access to electricity and clean energy, and supporting national climate change objectives through the deployment of carbon footprint reduction projects.

Well Being of People The Tilenga EACOP project is being developed in a sensitive social environment and requires the implementation of land acquisition programs focused strongly on respecting the rights of the concerned communities.

From the very start, spe cial emphasis was placed on informing, consulting and con certing with involved stakeholders.

Nearly 70,000 people were consulted for the environmental and social impact studies and more than 20,000 meetings have been held to date with the concerned populations and civil society organizations.

In accordance with International Finance Corporation (IFC) standards, a land acquisition program was developed and approved by the authorities in 2016.

The program includes a full inventory of the impacted lands and crops and compen sation in cash and or in kind.

In particular, each household whose primary residence is relocated may choose between a new residence or monetary compensation.

In addition, pro grams to restore standards of living have been deployed and will continue for at least three years after the property is sold to the project.

During this period, ongoing socio economic track ing of project affected persons will be carried out to ensure that their medium term standard of living is not impacted.

An accessible, transparent and equitable grievance mecha nism has been in place throughout the process.

Grievances are handled in concertation with the necessary stakehold ers to adjust solutions effectively.

At the end of 2021, 89% of the grievances received about the Tilenga project had been resolved.

The land acquisition and relocation program for Tilenga in Uganda has continued, integrating improvement pathways identified in independent studies conducted during the first phase of the project's development (2018 2019).

The Company enters proactively into discussions with NGOs, without distinction or discrimination, and supports their right to freedom of expression.

An NGO Human Rights depart ment was created at the Ugandan affiliate in 2021 to forge constructive relations with NGOs on sensitive issues related to the Company’s own operations and those of its suppliers1.

Care for the Environment Based on detailed reviews and mapping of sensitive areas, TotalEnergies pledges to implement action plans that help produce a biodiversity net gain in the execution of its proj ects, meaning that it will leave the environment in better con dition than before the projects began.

These plans are defined in close cooperation with the authorities and stakeholders in charge of nature conservation in Uganda and Tanzania.

They will be rolled out in collaboration with the local communities and monitored by an independent institution.

The Company is particularly attentive to its operations in Ugan da’s Murchison Falls National Park The project was designed to minimize the footprint of the installations, which will take up less than 0.05% of the park’s land area.

Four main axis have been taken into consideration to produce a net positive gain on the park and the surrounding area: Reduce human pressure on Murchison Falls National Park through enhanced protection and support the development of local economic activities that do not involve exploiting the park’s natural resources.

Protect the integrity and connectivity of savannah corridors.

Conserve and restore wetlands, as well as riparian vegeta tion.

Conserve and restore forests and forest connectivity.

Creating Shared Value Detailed plans with specific figures concerning local content, i.e., local jobs, purchases of local goods and services, and development of local skills, have been submitted to national authorities for the Tilenga and EACOP projects.

The pipeline will also provide business opportunities in various sectors including construction, energy and the like which will eventually create a trickle down effect and thus contribute to the development of local content.

In addition, the pipeline is expected to save shippers of oil as well as manufacturing industries and thereby attract investors and companies in these sectors in our region.

The investors will surely come with the much needed international experiences and specialized skills for the petroleum industry in our country .

Vice President of Tanzania, expressed the expected effects during the project launch ceremony in February 2022.

Scope 1 Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company’s sites or activities.

Scope 2 Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions attributable to brought in energy (electricity, heat, steam), i.e., emissions con nected with a third party’s production of energy purchased.

Scope 3 TotalEnergies reports Scope 3 GHG emissions, category 11, which correspond to indirect GHG emissions related to the use of energy products by customers, i.e.

The Company follows the oil gas industry reporting guidelines published by IPIECA, which com ply with the GHG Protocol methodologies.

In order to avoid double counting, this methodology accounts for the larger vol ume in the oil or gas value chain, i.e.

For TotalEnergies, in 2021, the calculation of Scope 3 GHG emissions for the oil value chain takes into account sales of petroleum products and biofuels (higher than production) and for the gas value chain, gas sales, either in the form of LNG or through marketing to B2B B2C customers, which are equivalent to marketable gas production.

A stoichiometric emission (oxidation of molecules to carbon dioxide) factor is applied to these sales to obtain an emission volume.

Lifecycle carbon intensity indicator of products sold The carbon intensity indicator measures the average green house gas emissions of a unit of energy sold to our custom ers across its lifecycle (i.e., Scope 1 2 3), from production to final use.

The following numerator: Emissions related to the production and processing of the energy products used by our customers, calculated on the basis of the Company’s average emissions rates Emissions related to the use of energy products by TotalEn ergies customers, calculated by applying stoichiometric emis sions factors per product to obtain a quantity of emissions.

Products not intended for combustion, such as bitumen, lubri cants and plastics, are not taken into account Less the CO2 sequestered by Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) and natural carbon sinks.

By the following denominator: The quantity of energy sold, based on the maximum flows from each value chain, as with the calculation of Scope 3 above, in accordance with IPIECA recommendations.

Average load factor and efficiency are used to obtain fossil equivalents for electricity.

The carbon intensity indicator therefore corresponds to the average emissions generated by each unit of energy used by our customers.

In order to track changes in the indicator, it is expressed using a base of 100 from 2015.

This indicator doesn’t include integrated LNG as sets in its perimeter.

Indicator developed in 2018, with 2015 as the baseline year.

Oil products including bulk refining sales and biofuels Natural Gas excluding minori ty stakes in public companies.

It replaces the SIR (Serious Injury Rate) indicator previously disclosed.

The survey covers a representative sample of the consolidated Scope.

The data published in this document is extracted from the most recent survey, carried out in December 2021 and January 2022 134 companies in 54 countries, representing 91.7 % of the consolidated Company workforce (92,852 employees) responded to all the topics.

For the health indicators, responses were collected across a broader Scope of 149 companies in 54 countries, representing 93% of the consolidated Company workforce.

As of 2020: producing affiliate sites in Exploration Production Refining Chemicals and Marketing Services sites where annual production exceeds 250,000 tons gas fired power plants in Integrated Gas, Renewables Power.

This was exceptional non hazardous waste associated with the construction of a new facility that was used as soil cover at a waste storage facility.

Waste from those 10 sites represented around 1% of the Company's total tonnage in 2018.

Units of measurement barrel b barrel of oil equivalent per day boe d CO2 equivalent CO2e equivalent e billion joule thousand million Mcu.

A renewable gas produced from the fermentation of organ ic waste.

Biogas can be purified to obtain biomethane, which has the same properties as natural gas and can therefore be injected into the gas distribution network or used as an alter native fuel for mobility (bio NGV or bio LNG).

An upgraded biogas with the same characteristics as natural gas and that can be injected into the gas distribution network.

Includes blue hydrogen produced from natural gas via steam reforming combined with carbon capture and storage (car bon footprint below 36.4 g CO2 MJ) and green hydrogen pro duced via electrolysis of water using renewable electricity.

The gases named in the Kyoto Protocol: carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), with their respective Global Warming Potentials (GWP), as described in the 2007 IPCC report.

Sites and industrial assets in which TotalEnergies or one of the companies it controls is the operator, i.e., either operates or contractually manages the operations.

Oil and gas exploration and production operations of the Exploration Production and Integrated Gas, Renewables Power business segments.

Does not include power gener ation from renewable sources or natural gas, such as com bined cycle gas turbine plants.

BiomethaneFuelsGasPlasticsLubricantsBiofuels,E fuels, H2BioplasticsSolarWindNatural gasOilElectricityResources generated from circular management (bio based plastic, waste, CO2)Biomass resourcesHydrogenRe neries, PetrochemicalBiore neriesProductionE fuels RecyclingCO2Naturalcarbon sinksCarbon capture and storageNew moleculesElectricityDISTRIBUTETRANSFORM TRANSPORTPRODUCEStorageRenewable energiesNatural Gas Gas redpower plantsOilLique ed Natural Gas Cautionary Note The terms TotalEnergies, TotalEnergies company or Company in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated enti ties that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE.

Likewise, the words we, us and our may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees.

The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities.

This document makes reference to greenhouse gas emissions.

The Company has control over emissions from the facilities it operates (Scope 1) and their indirect emissions from purchased energy (Scope 2).

By contrast, it does not have control over emissions from the end use of its products by its customers (Scope 3), and trends in those emissions depend largely on external factors, such as government policies and customer choices (for additional information on the de nition of Scope 1, 2 and 3, refer to the Universal Registration Docu ment).

The use in this document of expressions such as carbon intensity of the products sold by the Company, carbon footprint of the Company or simi lar expressions, insofar as they include Scope 3 emissions, does not mean that the latter are TotalEnergies emissions.

This document may contain forward looking statements.

Speci cally, this document may contain statements regarding the perspectives, objectives, areas for improvement and goals of TotalEnergies, including with respect to climate change and carbon neutrality (net zero emissions).

An ambition expresses an outcome desired by TotalEnergies, it being speci ed that the means to be deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies.

These forward looking statements may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors.

Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its af liates assumes any obligation with respect to investors or any other stakeholder to update or revise any forward looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Further information on risk factors that could have a signi cant adverse effect on the nancial performance or operations of TotalEnergies is provided in the most recent version of the Universal Registra tion Document, which is led by TotalEnergies SE with the French Autorit des March s Financiers and on Form 20 F led with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).

Iconography Philippe Zamora, Laurent Pascal Capa Pictures, Augustin Detienne Capa Pic tures, Julien Lutt Capa Pictures, Bacasi FNC, Christel Sasso Capa Pictures, Nedim Imre, TotalEnergies Uganda, Laurent Zylberman, Drone Vid o Produc tion, Alliance to End Plastic Waste, Dorian Prost.

TotalEnergies is a global multi energy company that produces and supplies energy: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gas, renewable energies and electricity.

Its 101,000 employees are committed to making energy ever more affordable, cleaner, more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible.

Present in more than 130 countries, TotalEnergies places sus tainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well being of people.