ESG issues into our corporate strategy for the benefit of the and protect the environment.

We share a cross section of firm and our stakeholders for years to come.

That approach those actions here so that our stakeholders can assess how continues to serve us in our approach to ESG today.

For Schwab, ESG is about managing our firm responsibly.

We are striving to be better we will always have room to improve.

Above all, we hope you see in these pages our ongoing our business in a manner that builds and maintains the trust commitment to seeing the world Through Clients’ Eyes.

That commitment is reflected in the pages of this report.

We are focused on building a firm worthy of earning our stakeholders’ trust over the long run.

We believe that is the best way to stay invested in what matters most.

As we welcomed thousands of new colleagues and completed our return to office plans, we strengthened our focus on unifying across all dimensions of our work: our core business, advancement of financial literacy, volunteerism, philanthropy, and commitment to diversity and inclusion.

We deepened our connections to one another by coming together as One Schwab, and we delivered innovative products and services that help all our clients take a personalized approach to meeting their financial goals.

More than 33,000 Schwabbies bring our values to life every day, building brighter futures for our clients and our communities.

Since our founding, Schwab has served as the champion of Main Street investors by giving them the tools, resources, and investment advice needed to secure their financial futures.

Our unwavering vision has always been to be the most trusted leader in investment services, and our purpose remains clear to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

We are confident our approach can help people secure their financial futures.

Guided by this vision and purpose, we have adopted a strategy described as Through Clients’ Eyes, which places clients’ perspectives, needs, and desires at the forefront.

With our roots as a pioneer in discount brokerage services, we have continuously sought to democratize investing and challenge the status quo.

Led by our core values, Schwab has grown into a leading investment services firm, a custodian for independent advisors, and a leader in asset management, digital banking, and retirement planning.

Our purpose drives us to help our clients at all levels of income and every stage of life, because investing for the future is one of the most important things people can do for themselves and their families.

We believe it is critical to the health of our communities and to our society.

Everything we do as a company is focused on helping our clients take ownership of their financial futures.

Putting clients at the heart of the experience has enabled us to create products, services, platforms, and robust digital capabilities that have shaped our industry and helped clients meet their financial goals.

This report provides descriptive and quantitative information about Schwab’s ESG approach through December 31, 2022.

The terms Schwab, the company, we, us, and our refer to The Charles Schwab Corporation together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or implied.

We offer a broad range of products through intuitive end to end solutions to address our clients’ varying investment and financial needs.

The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors.

This segment also provides retirement plan services, stock plan services, and other corporate brokerage services to businesses and their employees.

The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services, as well as retirement business services to independent RIAs, independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers.

October 6, 2020, and we continue our commitment to a smooth integration of the two organizations by not only integrating our systems but also harmonizing our cultures.

Our cultures have a foundation in our shared values and the Golden Rule of treating others as you would like to be treated.

Retail investors Individual Investors have access to a broad set of products, tools, educational content, trading, and advisory solutions.

Most clients choose to interact with us via phone or a digital channel, but our omnichannel approach also provides access to in person support nationwide at one of Schwab’s more than 400 branches.

Retirement Plan Services We provide retirement plan sponsors with extensive investment options, trustee and custodial services, and participant level recordkeeping.

We offer our clients advice and guidance through goals, such as automatic enrollment, automatic a broad set of relationship models that help personalize the investing journey.

Financial fund mapping at conversion, and automatic contribution increases.

Consultants, Active Trader Financial Consultants, architecture investment platform, we offer access and Wealth Consultants in our branches and to low cost index mutual funds and ETFs.

Individuals investing for retirement through 401(k) plans can take advantage of multiple investment professionals available to support clients with a choices, education, and third party advice.

Additionally, we have teams focused on supporting the advice and educational needs of clients across all asset levels.

Schwab provides extensive educational support services to RIAs and their clients, along materials, programs, and events to RIAs seeking with retirement business services to independent to expand their knowledge of industry issues and retirement advisors and recordkeepers.

In trends as well as sharpen their individual addition to focusing on superior service, we use expertise and practice management skills.

We technology to provide RIAs with a highly developed, scalable platform for administering conduct industry research and sponsor events that address topics of interest to RIAs, including their clients’ assets easily and efficiently.

RIAs are not employees of Schwab and maintain an independent relationship.

Schwab, including viewing and managing client business strategies and best practices.

Schwab’s IMPACT conference, our signature annual event for RIAs, provides a national forum for the company, RIAs of all sizes, and other industry participants to gather and share information and insights.

For more information on our two operating segments, please see our Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC and our What We Do page.

You can learn more about our asset management and banking solutions by visiting the respective Schwab Asset Management and Schwab Bank websites.

We also provide RIAs with access to third party platforms that support a variety of advisor needs.

We offer a variety of services to help RIAs grow and manage their practices including business, technology, and operations consulting on a range of topics critical to an RIA’s success, as well as an annual RIA Benchmarking Study to help firms understand key business metrics relative to their peers.

We also offer an array of services to help advisors establish their own independent practices through a robust prospect consulting offer, access to business startup and transition consultants, technology engineers, and dedicated service teams.

We are grateful for the recognition we have received for earning our clients’ trust, giving back to the community, and creating a great place to work.

Total client assets and brokerage accounts based on combined data for Schwab and TD Ameritrade as of February 28, 2023, using company reports.

IntroductionInvesting and StewardshipOur CultureOur PeopleGovernance and LeadershipCommunityGiving BackEnvironmentAppendicesContents2022 ESG Report The Charles Schwab Corporation Our approach to ESG At Schwab, we believe in the power of investing to transform people’s lives.

We see it as an act of optimism and a commitment to the future.

We approach ESG with the same focus we bring to our day to day work: a commitment to our parent company, we consider specific risks and opportunities associated with creating long term value and a belief in investing environmental, social, and governance issues most for the future.

Likewise, our core values of trust, relevant to our business and our stakeholders, innovation, teamwork, and stewardship and we strive for continuous improvement in guide our interactions with our stakeholders areas that align with and support our vision.

Within Schwab Asset Management, our asset embody how we execute our vision to be the management business, we focus on most trusted leader in investment services opportunities to meet the needs of our clients and, along with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy, who wish to pursue various ESG investing anchor our approach to ESG.

Because of the diversified nature of our business, we consider ESG from both a corporate perspective and an asset management perspective.

We recognize that Schwab and Schwab Asset Management have different stakeholders and complementary approaches to ESG.

For The Charles Schwab Corporation, thematic investing, or ESG as a risk mitigating and value driven proposition.

Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting process supports transparency in reporting on key ESG issues.

Our approach to ESG begins with our stakeholders, many of whom are increasingly focused on ESG issues.

In the conduct of our business, we regularly engage with key stakeholders to understand and meet their expectations.

Their perspectives inform how we prioritize ESG factors.

Retail investors Continuous engagement with our clients is core to our business, including through the use of surveys relating to trust, reputation, and service levels.

Independent advisors We maintain open lines of communication with the independent RIAs we serve, and we regularly convene an advisory council of RIAs to provide direct feedback on issues that are important to their business.

Employees We keep employees apprised of the company’s strategy and performance through regular town halls and quarterly updates.

Schwab Banking Trust Services, we engage with the communities where we live and work through and diversity.

In 2022, we met with stockholders education, volunteerism, financial support, and representing more than 50% of our outstanding mentorship.

We also conduct quarterly business empowering our employees to connect with and updates to provide the investment community help address local community needs.

Government In support of our company’s purpose, we actively participate in discussions with policy leaders on both sides of the aisle, and we propose legislative alternatives that we believe protect and champion the needs of individual investors and the RIAs who serve them.

Born numerous analyst and research firms, during the pandemic and continued as an open including through dialogue and responses to access point to the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Council, our Ask Walt and Ask the Executive Council channels allow employees to submit questions to company leaders directly.

Examples of ratings providers with a focus on ESG issues include Morningstar and MSCI , proxy advisory firms ISS and Glass, Lewis Co., LLC , and specialized reporting on climate through CDP.

Just as with other strategic priorities, we believe that each organization must assess the ESG factors that are most relevant to its stakeholders and core to creating a sustainable and resilient business.

Business relevant ESG indicators We have developed a list of indicators specific to Schwab across environmental, social, and governance factors.

To identify the most relevant ESG indicators to our business and stakeholders and the relative importance of such indicators, we conducted a firm wide ESG assessment in 2021.

In 2022, we expanded the ESG assessment by including discussions with key client advisory groups within our Advisor Services and Retirement Plan Services businesses.

Conversations with internal and external stakeholders have provided valuable perspectives on ESG and its interconnectedness with our clients’ ESG strategies (if any) and values.

Over the past two years, we have hosted numerous focus groups to conduct the ESG assessment and prioritize Schwab’s ESG indicators.

Each focus group was asked to prioritize the importance of these indicators for Schwab to fulfill our vision as the most trusted leader in investment services within the next five years as well as the importance to them.

We also engaged in deeper one on one conversations, including with institutional owners of Schwab stock and senior management, investor relations, legislative affairs, corporate strategy, financial consultants, independent branch leaders, relationship managers for RIAs and corporate clients, the human resources team, business heads, and our real estate team.

Our business is based on earning the trust of all our critical stakeholders.

We build trust among these stakeholders, in part, by managing our business with integrity and in ways that foster a sustainable and resilient business.

IntroductionInvesting and StewardshipOur CultureOur PeopleGovernance and LeadershipCommunityGiving BackEnvironmentAppendicesContents2022 ESG Report The Charles Schwab Corporation  Key ESG developments The following discussion highlights some of our key ESG initiatives and the actions we took in 2022 to advance ESG priorities.

ESG investing can allow them to align their investments with their beliefs and values.

Our vision is to facilitate ESG investing as part of our broader personalized investing strategy.

Within Schwab Asset Management , our Head of ESG Strategy guides our approach to incorporating ESG resources and investment choices.

Schwab Personalized Indexing , a direct indexing offer, allows investors to select an index that can be customized for their goals and values.

Our Diversity and Inclusion (D I) strategy is focused on four pillars: our workforce, the workplace, the marketplace, and the community.

Since 2020, we have focused this strategy on programs that make a meaningful impact across four dimensions: inside to support our employees, outside to support our clients and local communities, today with programs that create immediate impact, and tomorrow with programs that create impact over time.

In March 2022, we launched thematic stock lists, a new group within the Talent Acquisition team.

We continue to resource designed to help self directed investors choose leverage diversity sourcing partners to help us identify stocks aligned with their interests and values.

Our board oversees execution of our Through Clients’ Eyes workforce, we enhanced our mentorship and allyship strategy and our risk management program.

In addition, we enhanced our efforts to primary oversight of our ESG programs and priorities and students from underserved communities.

Demonstrating our continued commitment to our talent, we expanded our suite of professional development opportunities for our colleagues across the firm.

We launched our Manager Excellence program and enhanced our career development programs to support internal mobility for all employees, as we believe that internal mobility is beneficial to executing our business strategy.

We also expanded some of our standard benefits to better meet the needs of all employees.

Policy and Reporting Office, led by a Managing Director.

This in person service in 2022 and saw record participation.

Schwab employees filled more than 9,200 volunteer spots in integrating ESG considerations on a cross functional basis in support of 850 service projects and 360 nonprofit partners alignment with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

Recognizing that our environmental footprint has an impact communities in ways that allow us to outperform our requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).

Clients’ Eyes strategy by increasing access to investing, calculation.

We continue to benefit from the leadership of our supporting our D I programs, enhancing our efforts to support founder, Chuck Schwab, who serves as Co Chairman of the our community, and meeting our requirements under the CRA.

Board of Directors and is actively involved in the firm’s strategic direction.

In 2022, the board appointed our Chief Executive Officer to serve as Co Chairman along with Mr. Schwab, reflecting our intention to ensure strategic and leadership continuity for the firm through a long term succession plan.

Grounded in our belief that education can help solve some of the social issues facing our country, Schwab has created impactful financial literacy programs supported by our financial, intellectual, and volunteer resources.

In 2022, on the climate, we continue to seek opportunities to mitigate our impact by reducing our consumption of energy, adopting sustainable energy options when appropriate, and reducing waste generated in our locations.

We believe investing and stewardship begin with establishing and maintaining trust with our clients.

Our breadth of services reflects our desire to cultivate lifetime client relationships through engaged employees who embody our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy and approach.

Our clients are long term investors, and we apply that same long term lens to creating and evolving our products and services in a manner that fosters trust and a resilient business.

As a fiduciary, engaging with issuers and with a spectrum of investment products and exercising our proxy voting responsibilities services.

As an advisor, guiding clients to meet their compensation plans investment goals.

As a manager of separately managed accounts and proprietary investment funds.

From the beginning, we set out to empower the individual investor.

Implicit in empowering our clients is helping them develop a sustainable investing approach that enables them to adapt to the market and their needs through life’s changes.

Staying true to our roots, we offer a variety of products, services, and solutions for clients.

Many of these investment products include options dedicated to ESG considerations for our clients who want the choice of having these products in their portfolios.

Our commitment to empowering clients to take a personalized approach to investing is evident in our varied product offerings and service models.

Through Clients’ Eyes strategy drives us to embrace the diversity of our client base and the different ways that they approach investing.

We cater to all individuals with accounts of any size.

We believe a strong relationship is based on transparency and trust, and our website includes extensive explanations and details about how we are compensated for each product or service, along with the associated risks, potential conflicts of interest, and other considerations.

See more investment advice options on our Advice page.

At Schwab.com, any individual in the U.S. can open a brokerage account with any dollar amount.

Through our scale and offerings, individual investors who want to control all aspects of their investment strategy can access the whole suite of investment products and services.

These run the gamut of our Schwab proprietary options such as Schwab Funds and Schwab Stock Slices and include stocks, fixed income alternatives, and third party mutual funds and ETFs.

Schwab mutual funds and ETFs managed by our portfolio asset managers.

Schwab Managed Portfolios is an advice solution that uses Schwab Funds and ETFs and third party mutual funds and ETFs to create a variety of model portfolios with different investment strategies intended to match a variety of risk tolerances and objectives.

Clients work with a dedicated Wealth Advisor, supported by a team of investment professionals who provide individualized underlying securities.

The account is managed service, a customized investment strategy, on a client’s behalf by a third party professional and ongoing guidance and execution.

Investment Advisory, Inc. based on rigorous, research based quality standards.

We recognize that many individual and institutional clients are looking for ways to manage portfolio risk by considering ESG factors, make an impact on the world through sustainability themed products that align with their values, or both.

ESG investing is often used interchangeably with a variety to further incorporate ESG product offerings and services.

A major focus is providing our Financial Consultants and sustainable investing.

All of these terms capture an approach to investing that is defined in different ways by different stakeholders.

Schwab Asset Management uses ESG investing as an umbrella term that encompasses: clients with resources that can help them navigate the quickly evolving ESG landscape.

Our educational resources and product offerings for clients are intentionally broad.

Traditional investment vehicles (either active or passive) some and opportunities for others.

We recognize the that are applying ESG factors to manage risk, build changing demographics of our clients and a desire among resiliency, and create opportunities for the long term many younger clients, in particular, to align their.

Impact investing, which refers to deploying investment investments with their values.

Values based investing, which can include screens to exclude certain sectors or types of companies, such as tobacco, firearms, or fossil fuel companies.

Through surveys over the last three years, Schwab has connected with investors across the income and age spectrum to listen to and gain an understanding of their familiarity with, interest in, concerns about, and needs relating to ESG investing, among other topics.

Clients’ Eyes strategy, which is grounded in empowering clients engagements have provided insights that we are using to to personalize their investment choices.

Strategy within Schwab Asset Management guides our efforts make informed ESG investment choices.

The options available include funds identified by Morningstar ratings for individual stocks as a tool for clients interested in as Sustainable Investment Overall, which is defined as a building their own ESG portfolios.

ESG strategy in its prospectus or offering documents.

This definition aligns with Schwab’s view of ESG investing.

Thematic investing In March 2022, we launched thematic stock lists, a new resource designed to help socially minded investors pick stocks aligned with their interests and values.

ESG related themes like renewable energy, electric vehicles, workforce diversity leaders, and water sustainability.

Schwab Personalized Indexing In April 2022, we introduced a new direct indexing solution.

This offering is a separately managed account that sustain, or improve upon an essential government function.

This ETF is designed to identify attractively valued, high quality small and mid cap companies with favorable ESG risk ratings based on Ariel’s proprietary assessment of industry exposure, disclosure, and management of material ESG issues.

Please see the ETF’s Prospectus for more information.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF highlights the long standing relationship between Schwab and Ariel.

Black Investor Survey to better understand and generate awareness of the financial issues facing Black investors.

For more information on our history of providing industry leading products, services, advice, and education, see our Access to Investing page.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is different from traditional ETFs.

Traditional ETFs tell the public what assets they hold each day.

This may create additional risks for your investment.

You may have to pay more money to trade the fund’s shares.

This fund will provide less information to traders, who tend to charge more for trades when they have less information.

The price you pay to buy fund shares on an exchange may not match the value of the fund’s portfolio.

These price differences may be greater for this fund compared to other ETFs because it provides less information to traders.

These additional risks may be even greater in bad or uncertain market conditions.

The ETF will publish on its website each day a Proxy Portfolio designed to help trading in shares of the ETF.

While the Proxy Portfolio includes some of the ETF’s holdings, it is not the ETF’s actual portfolio.

The differences between this fund and other ETFs may also have advantages.

By keeping certain information about the fund secret, this fund may face less risk that other traders can predict or copy its investment strategy.

If other traders are able to copy or predict the fund’s investment strategy, however, this may hurt the fund’s performance.

For additional information regarding the unique attributes and risks of the fund, see Proxy Portfolio Risk, Premium Discount Risk, Trading Halt Risk, Authorized Participant Concentration Risk, Tracking Error Risk and Shares of the Fund May Trade at Prices Other Than NAV in the Principal Risks and Proxy Portfolio and Proxy Overlap sections of the prospectus and or the Statement of Additional Information.

Schwab ETFs, and clients who have delegated proxy voting to investment products.

Schwab Asset Management’s belief that, in most instances, a philosophy on the importance of strong corporate governance, company’s board is best positioned to determine a company’s risk management, and disclosure practices.

During proxy season, we meet with issuers as well as shareholder proponents and dissidents that have items of generally does not support shareholder proposals seeking a change in business practices.

In 2022, Schwab Asset Management updated its proxy voting the off season, we generally engage with issuers in which we policy to further articulate its ESG philosophy and proxy voting hold a significant number of shares and have identified potential approach.

Schwab Asset Management evaluates shareholder material risks that we would like to discuss with senior leaders.

We aim to use the engagement process to share our company specific concerns and priorities, get a better and social issues and corporate political activities on a case by case basis.

ISS have introduced proxy voting recommendations to support a contests, mergers and acquisitions, environmental and social variety of ESG related proposals.

When updating our proxy disclosure related shareholder proposals, and certain voting guidelines and making decisions on how to vote on say on pay proposals.

To better understand overarching shareholder preferences on key proxy issues, Schwab Asset Management became the first large asset manager to pilot a new proxy polling solution from Broadridge Financial Solutions.

Schwab 1000 Index ETF, and Schwab Ariel ESG ETF the opportunity to complete a survey designed to provide insights into their priorities on a range of proxy issues, including ESG issues.

Insights from the poll will be leveraged as a new source of intelligence to help inform Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting approach.

As part of our diligence in shaping our proxy voting guidelines, we regularly engage with both of these proxy advisory firms to understand the thinking behind their respective policy updates, including updates regarding ESG factors.

Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting policy is publicly available on the Schwab Asset Management website.

Our proxy voting records and annual Investment Stewardship Report are publicly available on our Investment Stewardship page.

Schwab’s cybersecurity and privacy programs play a key role in maintaining the trust of our stockholders, our regulators and, most importantly, our clients.

Cybersecurity defense in depth approach As a financial institution, we have implemented a defense business as part of this effort.

Cybersecurity is also a core important tool to combat elder financial abuse.

We routinely component of both our external and internal audit functions.

We review and test our safeguards on an ongoing basis as includes technical, administrative, and physical safeguards.

This means that, if a control fails, additional overlapping additional safeguards where needed to address new and controls are in place to secure data and systems to emerging threats.

Technical safeguards Schwab’s technical safeguards are designed to protect stockholder, employee, client, and partner data in today’s modern threat landscape.

Multifactor authentication for accessing Schwab accounts.

Encryption of data in transit and at rest (where appropriate).

Periodic penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.

Beyond our team of experts, we prioritize the protection of client assets across our businesses, and all of our employees receive annual training on privacy, cybersecurity awareness, and safe handling of private financial information.

Physical safeguards Physical security remains an important part of a holistic cybersecurity program.

Schwab protects critical data centers and other facilities with strong perimeters, surveillance systems, and authentication only access points, among other things.

Privacy by design approach Schwab has long been committed to privacy and privacy by design principles.

We design our business processes and products with the privacy principles of transparency, usage, and minimization in mind.

We provide clients with control over how their personal information is used for marketing, with opt outs and unsubscribe mechanisms that are easy to find and use.

With technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in information in the same way that we are custodians of our place, we recognize that Schwab is part of a larger clients’ financial assets.

Robust authentication and authorization measures a number of client facing processes to help maintain their to guard against unauthorized access to data trust in the ecosystem.

Schwab’s Security Knowledge Center helps our clients understand common threats and the steps they can take to and maintain the cybersecurity of Schwab’s systems that proactively mitigate those threats.

Additionally, we regularly collect, use, or store personal or confidential data.

Chuck Schwab’s original vision was to bring more people from Main Street into the world of investing so they could take ownership of their financial futures.

Fifty years later, we remain as committed as ever to that vision of democratizing investing and operating our firm in a way that’s as inclusive as possible for our clients and our employees.

It’s our obligation to support our employees in the best way we can and to find ways to foster their professional development and meet their diverse needs, both at and away from work.

Our Managing Director, Head of Human Resources leads our talent strategy.

Each year, she meets with the board in executive sessions for the Chief Executive Officer evaluation, a talent review, and Chief Executive Officer succession planning.

Completed our return to office plan across all corporate campuses and launched an updated Workplace.

Launched The Power of One Schwab from a cross section of the organization.

The council creates an opportunity for dialogue and support for HR campaign to unify our expanded employee base around our Through initiatives from a diverse set of internal stakeholders across.

Clients’ Eyes strategy, our culture, the organization.

Participants can discuss significant and shared values issues, provide open and honest feedback, offer a non HR perspective, be a sounding board for ideas, and offer valuable input on project direction and potential obstacles.

With the integration of TD Ameritrade employees, we reorganized our HR team to achieve the scale necessary to serve our expanded workforce.

Our team supporting talent acquisition and development has centralized and harmonized the different elements of the employee life cycle and adopted a more holistic approach to fostering engaged employees who feel supported.

Refreshed Schwab’s employee value proposition to better convey the unique set of tangible and intangible benefits employees experience.

Further expanded our professional development opportunities to all employees with more choices to invest in themselves.

Prior to 2023, Schwab conducted an enterprise wide inflection point for the firm at a time when the majority of survey of employees to measure engagement at work.

The survey allowed us to take a pulse check on how engaged we are with our work, our teams, and Schwab.

Schwab can continue to deliver on our commitment to create a great place to work in service to our clients.

In late 2021 and at the direction of our Executive Committee, Schwab launched The Power of One Schwab, a comprehensive, omnichannel campaign to unify the global employee base around our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy, our culture, and shared values.

Our overall engagement and satisfaction scores strategy, teamwork, innovation, and trust will drive the firm’s in 2022 were both above the 75th percentile.

The quarterly surveys will equip our people agreed that they understood our Through Clients’ Eyes leaders with a real time ability to both understand and strategy and how they individually contribute to it respond to changing employee sentiment.

Our new approach provides leaders with more frequent, actionable insights into engagement.

Action planning recommendations based on actual results are delivered within the platform alongside quarterly results.

Ameritrade) and increased non acquisition hiring, Schwab’s employee base grew from about 19,000 people in 2019 to more than 33,000 in 2022.

Efforts to connect employees to the company and each other through The Power of One Schwab will continue through 2023 and beyond.

To that end, we are on a long term journey to improve our workforce diversity, enhance our inclusive culture, better serve our diverse clients, and build stronger connections to our diverse communities.

It is important to our business and our clients that our talent is as broad and diverse as the communities we serve.

Our vision is to be known as the most trusted investment services provider whose inclusive culture and diverse workforce propel innovation and creativity in the solutions we deliver for our clients’ investment needs.

Making an impact on historically underrepresented communities.

At Schwab, we focus on financial professional growth opportunities, more diverse, the financial services literacy and financial inclusion as professional organizations that we are building and maintaining a industry is increasingly demanding a way to empower diverse represent diverse communities, community of support, leadership new capabilities to meet the needs communities.

To that end, we including women, people of color, development, mentorship, and of a diverse client base.

To meet our clients’ needs and advance better financial outcomes for all investors, Schwab is focused on delivering and expanding inclusive client service programming, understanding the unique needs of historically underrepresented investors, and fostering diverse talent in the financial services sector.

Please see Supporting Our Communities for more information.

Outside: Programs aimed at supporting our clients and local communities.

Schwab’s Head of D I supports the delivery of the D I strategy across the organization and our talent acquisition and retention efforts.

The D I team also supports our ERGs and D I programs.

Our D I Sponsorship Committee, which is a subcommittee of our Executive Council, provides centralized oversight and governance to ensure that D I partner sponsorships align with our four pillar strategy.

We are proud of the progress we have made toward building a diverse workforce, and we recognize there will be more to do as best practices and the needs of our communities and markets continue to evolve.

We recognize that there is no single solution to expanding diversity in our workforce, and we have developed a variety of approaches to support our efforts.

Military Spouse Employment Partnership: Focused on supporting and recruiting military spouses, the majority of whom are women.

Neurodiversity at Work: An initiative focused on increasing the representation of neurodivergent talent through the lens of accessibility.

Inclusively: An employment network that matches people with disabilities with companies like Schwab and focuses on early talent and roles that require no experience.

Campus recruiting and organizational partnerships Schwab partners with historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions by leveraging our alumni from those universities to expand our presence at campus career fairs and career panels.

We also reach out to underrepresented student groups at other colleges to provide job mentoring and career panels.

Schwab is committed to building an inclusive culture by hiring a diverse and vibrant workforce.

In 2022, we deepened our commitment by expanding our dedicated recruit diverse talent.

Francisco, which advances the success of women in finance.

Action plans for our business locations with 50 or more employees.

Schwab’s workforce in a way that reflects local workforce candidate pools we want to attract.

Through this tool, all job descriptions and other recruiting communications are reviewed and updated to reduce language that may be harmful or offensive and to add more gender and age neutral tones in the language used in our recruiting materials.

Slate Analytics diversity dashboard To continuously monitor progress toward attracting diverse veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Schwab provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants.

Interviewing Schwab To reduce potential bias and enhance diversity in the workplace, we prioritize consistency in the interview process through our Interviewing Schwab program.

Schwab gives interviewers the training and tools needed to effectively evaluate candidates using the Targeted Selection system.

This system is a competency based behavioral interviewing method that focuses on the quality of people hired.

Seeing and monitoring real time data of our candidate pools’ diversity allows us to adjust sourcing and other recruitment strategies.

Market data talent sourcing Schwab uses unique market data, through TalentNeuron and LinkedIn Talent Insights, to review and understand the distinct makeup of the talent pool for certain talent segments based on location, required skills, and competencies.

Our Talent Acquisition team uses this data to collaborate with business partners on what steps can be taken to help increase the diversity representation for a role.

Schwab recognizes that cultivating a diverse workforce does not end after employees join the organization.

Mentoring and allyship are critical to retaining talent, and mentors play an instrumental role in career progression.

With a focus on retaining and developing our diverse workforce, we offer a few different avenues for our colleagues to mentor and be mentored.

We offer a structured mentoring program for colleagues of color at the director level.

In addition, our ERGs offer both group and one on one opportunities for guided mentorship to all ally to mentees and team members.

Week of Belonging Schwab’s annual Week of Belonging is a five day needs of our underrepresented employees at all levels.

Employees can participate in the ERG Mentorship program in and leadership engagement and development activities.

Group cohorts are led by Schwab Managing Directors who enERGize, sought to re activate, re connect, re define, mentor 8 12 mentees each through six biweekly, one hour and re imagine what belonging looks like in our hybrid work group mentorship sessions over three months, twice a environment.

Belonging, more than 450 Schwab employees joined ERGs.

As part of our structured program, dedicated mentors from senior leadership are paired for six months with Schwabbies at the director level who self identify as people of color.

Guided programs are one to one matched mentorships offered over three months, twice a year.

Mentees focus on leadership development to prepare them mentees biweekly for one hour.

The ERG Mentorship Committee, made up of ERG leaders professional network, and develop meaningful, supportive across our locations, hosts a closing ceremony at the end of relationships with senior leaders.

Following a pilot in 2021, our first mentorship cohort included each three month program to acknowledge the hard work and commitment of the mentors and mentees.

ERG Mentorship program in 2022. participating as mentors.

Each of the three cohorts following the pilot has achieved a participation rate of 120 director level mentees and 120 senior leaders participating as mentors.

A high percentage of mentees have expressed overall satisfaction with the program.

Schwab understands that employees have diverse experiences, needs, and expectations in the workplace.

We strive to create an environment that allows each employee to bring their authentic self to work.

Our ERGs are employee driven and provide communities of support for our diverse range of employees.

Our ERGs are made up of employees who come together around common interests, shared characteristics, or life experiences and are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion at Schwab.

All ERGs receive equal access to funding from a centralized budget.

Currently, more than 12,000 employees are members of an ERG, reflecting an increase of more than 18% over 2021.

In 2022, our ERGs hosted approximately 900 events.

Over the last two years, we have seen an increase in the percentage of our employees who self identify as racially and ethnically diverse, as well as the percentage of racially and ethnically diverse people leaders.

We have seen smaller increases in the number of women in our workforce.

During 2022, our total workforce grew by approximately 8%.

Employees who self identify as people of color represented 37% of our total workforce in 2022, up from 35% in 2021.

Race, ethnicity, and gender data is based on the percentage of employees who self identified for purposes of EEO 1 reporting as of December 31, 2022, and for directors for purposes of proxy statement disclosure as of December 31, 2022.

We make our EEO 1 report publicly available on our website: Schwab EEO 1 Report.

Our leadership and workforce representation, by gender, race, and ethnicity, on a percentage basis is shown below.

Our Accommodations Policy reflects our commitment to creating an inclusive workplace for employees and applicants with disabilities, whether seen or unseen.

Schwab will make good faith efforts to provide a reasonable accommodation for employees and qualified applicants with disabilities, pregnant employees, or an employee’s sincerely held religious beliefs, unless the accommodation would create an undue hardship in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.

Bullying, Harassment, Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, and Violence in the Workplace.

Our efforts and progress have not gone unrecognized in the market.

We have received a number of external awards from leading D I organizations for our initiatives and progress.

U.S. Veterans Magazine any form of discrimination and harassment.

We also advance inclusion, diversity, equal opportunity, accessibility, and leadership through voluntary training courses.

In 2022, more than 4,400 employees participated in a total of 48 training courses.

Identified by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for Women, based on a survey of 50,000 workers across the U.S. in 2022.

By providing encouragement and support to underrepresented and inclusive workplace that attracts and retains the best students considering careers in financial services, we can talent.

This program targets firms that are highly driven to strengthen both our company and our industry.

In 2022, we welcomed our second cohort of scholars into the Charles Schwab Scholars in Financial Planning Endowed who are leaders with the ability to effect change and influence decisions.

Services partners with Charles Schwab Foundation to sponsor the RIA Talent Advantage Scholarship Program.

This program aims to raise awareness of the independent break down barriers to careers in financial services and investment advisory profession and provides 10,000 foster diverse talent in the sector.

Underrepresented students majoring in financial planning at participating universities across the United States are eligible students from underrepresented groups.

Of the 12 recipients selected for the 2022 class, 6 are racially or ethnically diverse.

Expanding Howard University’s wealth management program to add focus on the RIA industry and a certified financial planner curriculum for their junior and senior years.

Scholarship recipients are institutions establish and enhance financial planning.

A multi year grant to Coppin State University to invited to apply for an internship at Schwab, which could help majors and minors and increase awareness of the RIA inspire a future career in finance.

More than 30% of recipients are historically scholarship recipients accepted jobs in the financial services.

Minority Registered Investment Advisor industry following graduation.

Similarly, efforts within our Advisor Services business support the cultivation of the next generation of independent RIAs.

Schwab Advisor Services provides a variety of resources to help our RIA clients create more diverse and inclusive workplaces.

Our human centric employee value proposition (EVP) is central to our ability to attract, engage, and retain talent.

In 2022, we refreshed our EVP to better convey the essence of our organization across three pillars, which speak to who we are and what we believe: (1) we lead the industry with integrity and service above all (2) we succeed together as One Schwab and (3) we are a place where you can own your tomorrow.

Schwab’s EVP recognizes that employees want to feel cared for, valued, and understood.

As we design talent programs, touchpoints, and initiatives, we take into account the intrinsic needs of our employees to establish connections, share a sense of purpose, enable personal growth, and nurture well being.

Through our cohesive and integrated talent solutions model, Schwab takes a centralized approach to talent development that spans the entire employee life cycle from hire through retirement and gives employees choice in how to shape their skills and grow their careers at Schwab.

Schwab strives to ensure that all employees feel supported, safe, and secure in the workplace.

We understand that employees are more than just the work they do, and we are here to support them in both their professional careers and their lives outside of work.

In connection with our return to office plans, we provided employees achieve their personal and professional live training sessions to ensure that our managers had the aspirations no matter how big or small or what stage of information and resources necessary to support their teams their careers.

Beginning in early 2023, all people leaders will have access employees at all levels of the organization access to programs to expanded programming and content provided through a that suit their career stage and aspirations.

LEAD, Advanced LEAD, and the Securities Industry Institute) to tackle today’s dynamic leadership challenges.

We recognize that our people leaders are critical to carrying out our business strategy and creating an environment where employees can do their best work.

Our significant growth and transition to a hybrid work environment over the past two years has underscored the need for a cohesive, well informed management team that can model the values of our firm and move our business forward.

Manager Excellence In 2021, we created a new Manager Excellence program dedicated to supporting all people leaders across the firm.

For all new people leaders, we are completely redesigning and modernizing our People Leader Foundations training.

For people leaders with two or more years of experience, we will be offering a cohort based training program delivered by Harvard University.

We expect to offer this program to approximately 900 participants over six cohorts in 2023.

Each cohort will participate in a series of six live, moderator led webinars.

For all people leaders, we will offer a new series of continuous learning opportunities through our Manager.

In 2022, our efforts focused on developing an online Manager and community.

Excellence Portal to provide just in time knowledge that managers can use to meet the needs of their teams.

Manager Excellence Portal had nearly 5,000 unique visitors in the third quarter of 2022 and more than 13,000 visits overall.

Leaders Program creates that shared understanding of leadership senior managers and team managers to gain visibility in the while providing opportunities for participants to make meaningful organization and additional development opportunities to connections across the organization and unlock the value of build their leadership skills.

ALP is a multifaceted four month program for individual leadership positions, this program is designed to build contributors with a strong desire to learn more about leading self, leadership capabilities around managerial courage, leading others, and leading with purpose.

ALP is designed for our identifying and measuring business outcomes, and building next generation of leaders who have specifically expressed high performing teams.

The program also focuses on interest in people leadership.

Programming topics include introduction to emotional intelligence, increasing visibility, increasing Schwab business knowledge, and building networks across and within peer groups.

The 2022 cohort included 152 participants: 49% were male, exploring personal obstacles to people leadership.

Securities Industry Institute The Securities Industry Institute is a program aimed at accelerating learning experience for our high potential leaders at the Director readiness and development of our high potential leaders at the and Managing Director levels.

Director and Managing Director levels in service of our company’s accelerate leader readiness invest in retention, development, and vision and purpose.

Hosted by Wharton Executive Education and engagement of our high potential leaders and drive leadership the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), capability, innovation, and growth mindset.

The program emphasizes strategy and human centric leadership in a fast changing and hybrid workplace.

This four month intensive program includes coursework, an participants receive instructional coursework and the opportunity to expand their external network within the industry.

The three year program (delivered one week per year) focuses on challenges faced by executives in the financial services industry.

Learning objectives and programming topics include enhancing experiences.

Participants have the opportunity to engage more working knowledge in key functions of the financial services deeply within and across Schwab, increasing their internal industry, providing leadership viewpoints and experiences for networks and visibility.

Female future career development, and equipping participants with practical information and resources useful in their present and future responsibilities.

Recognizing that our employees span many different life stages better client experience, and we are committed to offering and have a variety of work life needs, Schwab offers a wide our people at all levels the tools and resources to help them range of resources and benefits to support all employees.

The program is access to open registration courses that help develop a designed to balance the importance our employees place on variety of skills, including effective communications and workplace flexibility with the benefit of in person interactions presentations, leadership, enhanced productivity, coaching to train and learn from one another, build human connections, essentials, and project management.

Through a continuous cycle of development, our self directed online resources help employees achieve a stronger sense of where they are in their careers, explore opportunities to gain reflects the trust we have in our employees to work in support of our clients and at the same time create a better work life balance for themselves.

Since its launch in August 2021, more than 5,000 employees have visited our Career Development Schwab channel, and more than 4,200 of them visited for the first time in 2022.

Program has evolved over time in response to changing circumstances and will continue to evolve to reflect shifting demands and market conditions.

In conjunction with our return to office plan, we took additional employees consumed more than 15,000 hours of training steps to create engaging office environments.

Vacation Beginning January 1, 2023, we increased vacation accrual for approximately 35% of our employees, largely affecting those with less than three years of service.

Following this change, all full time employees will accrue vacation time at a minimum rate of 15 days per year, an increase of 3 days per year.

Vacation time is in addition to sick time, floating holidays, volunteer time off, and sabbatical leave.

Elder care Employees who need guidance throughout the elder caregiving journey have access to free, personalized support and online care planning, communication tools, development contributes to higher levels of future on site care assessments, and an experienced care coach performance and retention.

Schwab’s sabbatical program who can connect them to resources and specialized offer long term employees valuable time to engage in providers at every caregiving stage.

Eligible employees may take a 28 day paid sabbatical after five years of employment and every five years thereafter.

College coaching This program provides access to live events, personalized assistance, and online resources to assist with important aspects of a child’s education.

This offering includes one on one personalized support ranging from mastering middle school to planning for college.

We recognize that life can be a juggling act between work, raising kids, caring for aging parents, looking after pets, maintaining a house, applying for college, and somehow finding time to care for yourself.

Support for children with special needs For employees who have children with learning for children with special needs and access to support difficulties, developmental disabilities, or struggles with when an employee’s regular care provider is unavailable.

Enhanced family support Employees receive free access to a database of family support services, including free premium access to Sittercity for finding babysitters, virtual sitting, pet care providers, and housekeepers.

The program also includes discounts for a local nanny placement service for full time childcare, elder caregiving resources, learning pods, discounts on academic support, tutoring, test prep services, and preferred enrollment at certain childcare centers.

Schwab is a holistic, inclusive well being program that offers a modern, interactive experience through a customized website and mobile app.

Approximately 62% of our employees enrolled in the program, surpassing our participation goal.

In 2022, we expanded the program to provide on site EAP counselors at four of our major employee centers, and we plan to add two additional on site EAP locations in 2023.

Through the GO Program, Schwab employees can develop supporting employees with autism spectrum disorder or their individual well being across four main pillars: physical, behavioral needs for themselves or dependent family emotional, financial, and social.

GO Wellbeing Schwab provides resources to help our employees thrive whether they are tracking physical activity, planning personal finances, managing a health condition, joining an ERG, or developing personalized well being goals with a wellness coach.

Dependent Care FSA As an additional benefit, Schwab contributes to our employees’ Dependent Care Flexible Savings Accounts every month for employees with base salaries up to 100,000 a year.

To encourage participation, employees can earn up to 550 in while employees scheduled to work 20 29 hours per week well being rewards.

Employees who are enrolled in a medical receive 50 per dependent, up to 100 per month.

Those not participating in an HSA receive a taxable cash payment.

Schwab contributes 250 each year after an employee’s first contribution and matches for its employees.

For 2023, we absorbed all increases in employee contributions dollar for dollar up to 5% of the health insurance premiums for our employees, holding employee’s eligible compensation.

These Schwab matching premium rates at 2022 levels.

Support for emotional and mental well being Schwab supports employees’ emotional and mental well being by offering an Employee Assistance Program (EAP).

As of December 31, 2022, 97% of our employees participated in the 401(k) plan.

Almost all participants contribute at a level that allows them to receive the full match.

Schwab stock at a 15% discount with payroll deductions.

Bank services Employees receive exclusive offers on bank products, including discounts on closing costs and reduced interest rates for mortgage products offered through Schwab Bank.

Employee branch and advice service Wealth management isn’t just for our retail clients.

All employees have access to no cost financial planning sessions specific to their needs, unless they are in a managed account.

Consultations can include retirement planning, investment advice, debt management, education planning, estate planning, and budgeting.

This service is paid for by Schwab and provided through a branch that is specifically dedicated to serving employees.

Employees pay no account maintenance fees and can open many types of accounts without required minimum balances.

Tuition reimbursement Schwab supports employees in their educational aspirations by offering up to 3,500 in annual reimbursement for work related undergraduate courses taken for credit at accredited colleges and universities and up to 5,250 in annual reimbursement for work related external training, certification, and graduate and postgraduate degree programs.

Charitable matching and volunteer time off Schwab strives to be part of our communities, and we want our employees to be involved too.

We encourage our employees to get involved in their communities and support their charitable endeavors by offering paid volunteer time.

Each year, full time employees are provided with eight hours and part time employees are provided with five hours to volunteer.

Through the Employee Matching Gifts program, Schwab matches up to 1,000 per year of an employee’s charitable contributions to eligible nonprofit organizations.

See Supporting Our Communities for more information on the different ways we invest in our communities nationally and locally.

Earning and keeping our clients’ trust is at the heart of everything we do and guides how we operate.

Risk management is not just the responsibility of our compliance department, nor is it viewed as a check the box exercise.

We earn clients’ trust by exercising a careful balance of stability, thoughtful entrepreneurship, and measured risk calculation.

Compensation, Nominating and Corporate serves as Co Chairman of the Board of Directors.

He instills a steady vision of trust and client by an independent director.

Over 78% of our service that permeates our organization.

Walt Bettinger, to serve as Co Chairman along board is independent from management, in accordance with New York Stock Exchange corporate governance standards.

This change reflects our intention independence standards and backgrounds on to ensure strategic and leadership continuity for the firm through a long term succession plan.

Mr. Schwab continues to be actively involved in the firm’s strategic direction and corporate governance.

Board diversity The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of fulfilling Schwab’s purpose and risk appetite.

Directors serve our board considers diversity of experience and background staggered three year terms.

ESG oversight A key priority for Schwab is ensuring that our board’s expertise evolves with changing norms and allows for steadfast oversight of management’s execution of our including race, ethnicity, and gender when determining whether director candidates are qualified for the position.

Our board is 39% diverse based on race, ethnicity, and gender.

We disclose each director’s self identified diversity characteristics in our Proxy Statement.

Executive compensation Our Compensation Committee oversees and approves our our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has compensation philosophy consistent with our risk appetite primary oversight of our ESG programs and priorities, with and approves the executive compensation design.

The committee’s charter reflects its decisions, the Compensation Committee takes into this responsibility.

With respect to our executive team, to encourage among our peers in the financial services industry, we are collaboration and shared responsibility, we take a rise integrating two of the largest organizations to improve our together, fall together approach to compensation, as the scale and efficiency for clients.

The board expansion provides continuity in the transition and supports the board’s oversight of this integration.

See our most recent Proxy Statement for more information.

Schwab Pomerantz as a director, increasing the size of the board to 18.

We use our scale and resources, coupled with expense discipline, to reduce costs and ensure our products and solutions are affordable and responsive to client needs.

Our client focused organizational design consists of two operating segments supported by several centralized organizations offering products and services delivered by a number of specialized legal entities or subsidiaries.

This design allows us to maximize our focus on providing personalized client service while benefiting from the scale created by performing similar functions across distinct client groups.

Officer and General Auditor having reporting responsibilities to the board.

The Executive Council leads the execution of our strategy.

Advisory Council, and Regulatory Strategy Council.

The councils do not have any formal reporting lines or decision making authority.

Rather, each council is a discussion forum made up of cross functional leaders, which allows for strategic discussions and a diversity of perspectives.

A fundamental commitment to strong and effective risk management is integral to achieving our vision and executing on our strategy to be the most trusted leader in investment services.

Our risk management is a competitive advantage for deepening trust among clients and other stakeholders and preserving our foundation of stability.

We continuously evolve risk management consistent with changes in our business and the regulatory environment.

Our board is responsible for holding senior management accountable for implementing the board’s approved risk tolerance maintaining an effective risk management structure that appropriately identifies, monitors, measures, and controls major types of risk and managing the company’s actions in a safe and sound manner.

Our 2022 Form 10 K explains in more detail the various types of risk we manage.

Our team based, company wide approach to risk on risk management activities consistent with the company’s management is formally structured with three lines of risk appetite statements and strategic plan.

This independent organization company is willing to take and supporting the independence supports our business units and support organizations by and stature of independent risk management.

More information on our board’s Risk Committee is provided here.

The board’s Audit Committee reviews reports from management and the board’s Risk Committee concerning creating efficient and consistent risk management practices expanding risk identification, management, and reporting and ensuring effective integration of risk information within our business units.

Our second line of defense is our Corporate Risk Management and the steps management has taken to monitor and control team, which is responsible for developing and maintaining such exposures.

The board’s Compensation Committee enterprise risk management.

It is also responsible for, among oversees incentive compensation risk and reviews the other duties, developing and maintaining the company’s risk compensation program with respect to the potential impact of appetite framework and risk appetite monitoring metrics and risk taking by employees.

The Compensation Committee is for reporting risk matters to the board’s Risk Committee.

Compensation Risk Oversight Committee that conducts the and control units to identify, measure, and control risks.

Our third line of defense is our Internal Audit Department.

Chief Risk Officer leads a Global Risk Committee, comprised of senior executives from each major business and control function, which is responsible for the oversight of risk management.

This includes identifying risks assessing risk management practices and the control environment reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance supporting resource prioritization across the organization and escalating significant issues to the board.

Several functional risk subcommittees across the enterprise report to the Global Risk Committee.

Our board has approved an Enterprise Risk Management and governance processes for the benefit of the first and framework that enables a comprehensive approach to second lines and for reporting to the Audit Committee of the managing risks encountered in the course of Schwab’s board.

This helps us enhance and protect our enterprise’s business activities.

Our risk appetite under this framework value by providing risk based and objective assurance, defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to advice, and insight.

This subcommittee includes additional subcommittees covering fiduciary and conflict of interest risk.

The Human Resources Policy Governance Committee is responsible for workforce related policies.

We maintain a number of workplace and corporate compliance policies and standards, as well as avenues for reporting and oversight.

Our policies and standards serve as the foundation of our business and culture.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics captures our policies on general corporate and personal standards of conduct, conflicts of interest, confidentiality of information, employment practices, business practices, and compliance procedures.

More importantly, it underscores how we earn our clients’ trust by treating clients in an ethical, empathetic, and proactive way.

Our Enterprise Risk Management Policy supports the minimum requirements for risk management activities across Schwab and our framework described above.

Our Compliance Risk Management Policy outlines our compliance risk management program, consistent with our board approved compliance risk appetite.

Officer in the Corporate Anti Money Laundering Department anti bribery, anti money laundering, and conflicts of interest.

For workplace issues, we encourage open communication who reports or is the subject of any allegations of unlawful or to resolve any conflicts by discussing concerns with unethical behavior in violation of laws, our Code of Conduct, managers, Compliance, or Human Resources, all of whom or any other policies.

Understanding that these matters can be uncomfortable, we offer a number of pathways for employees to report conduct and ethics concerns.

Employees can report suspected violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to the Corporate Responsibility Officer directly or to Conduct Risk Management via a tip line.

The Ombudsperson program offers a confidential alternative that employees can use to report anonymously.

Using an outside ombudsperson allows for added assurance of confidentiality and anonymity.

To help ensure adherence to our policies, we offer more than 50 training courses related to compliance and conduct.

These courses help employees understand Schwab’s legal and regulatory compliance obligations and how all employees play a part in ensuring that Schwab meets them.

Management Annual Training, which promotes risk awareness and supports a culture of compliance and ethical behavior that is embedded in decision making and risk management processes.

Internal reporting channels and procedures are security, and risk management.

We maintain hotlines for anti money laundering Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issues through the compliance department and corporate legal services.

Washington, D.C., executes our lobbying activities with lobbying disclosure requirements, which include the filing of lives.

Schwab’s Office of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs’ oversight by the Corporate General Counsel and the reports with Congress and applicable state agencies.

Our Head of Legislative and Regulatory their financial goals and the company grow and succeed.

Affairs has standing meetings with the General Counsel.

We work to educate policymakers at the international, federal, state, and local levels about the effect of public policy proposals on individual investors and RIAs.

We proactively encourage legislation and regulations that benefit our clients and individual investors generally, and we participate in the legislative and regulatory processes by communicating the company’s views on policy proposals that affect investors.

The Legislative and Regulatory Affairs team meets regularly with the Regulatory Strategy Council, a committee of senior executives.

The Regulatory Strategy Council provides advice and oversight for Schwab’s advocacy strategies on policy issues of importance to clients and the company, as well as our relationships with trade associations.

Depending on the issue, the council engages with the appropriate business unit reports on federal lobbying activities are publicly available on the websites of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate.

These reports provide information on activities to influence legislation through communication with any member or employee of Congress or with any covered executive branch official.

The reports also provide disclosure on expenditures for the applicable quarter, describe the specific pieces of legislation that were the topic of communications, and identify the individuals who lobbied on behalf of the company or any of its subsidiaries.

In addition, as required under state law, we disclose our of key legislative issues to allow them to better serve our to reflect our vision.

Board of Directors reviews our public policy and advocacy activities.

The committee receives regular reports on our lobbying activity, annually reviews our membership in trade lobbying activity in the states in which we are actively engaged in lobbying.

Our publicly available policy overview further outlines the company’s oversight with respect to lobbying activities and addition, quarterly reports on pending legislative and reporting.

We do not endorse or financially support any political party or individual political candidate.

Similarly, we do not make any donations or payments to 501(c)(4) social welfare nonprofits.

Any financial support was previously and solely provided through Schwab’s Political Action Committee (PAC), funded by voluntary contributions from our employees and directors.

We discontinued the PAC in 2021 and contributed the remaining funds to the Boys Girls Clubs of America and historically Black colleges and universities.

We respect the right of our employees to individually participate in the political process.

Employees may participate in the political process or make political contributions from personal funds subject to applicable law.

Advocacy We focus our advocacy efforts on policy positions that support our clients’ investment goals.

We also use our position as the leading custodian to drive awareness and to support the continued growth of the RIA industry and our nearly 15,000 client firms.

For more than two decades, Schwab has advocated for improvements to the system by which market data is distributed to investors with the goal of leveling the playing field between the depth and quality of market information available to institutional investors and individual investors.

The trading volatility of the pandemic era intensified the the SEC, testifying at hearings on Capitol Hill, and dialogue around the rules governing U.S. equity market educating policymakers to help them understand the structure, including routing of order flow and how market differences between the cost and quality of information participants are compensated for the services they offer available to institutional and individual investors.

Schwab has been a leader in the ongoing effort to ensure money market mutual funds remain a resilient investment option while also seeking to improve the transparency and stability of these funds.

As U.S. and global regulators have made a series of changes to the rules governing money market funds, Schwab has been a consistent participant, consider potential actions to take with respect to U.S. equity market structure, we have advocated on behalf of retail investors, including through meetings with officials at the SEC and members of Congress.

Trade associations provide valuable professional education, training, and networking opportunities.

In 2022, we belonged to the following trade associations through our Office of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs: the businesses they represent.

American Bankers Association Securities Association endorsement of the group’s activities or positions on.

American Chamber of Commerce to the European Union public policy issues.

Indeed, Schwab’s views on an issue can and do differ from those of a trade association of which we are a member.

National Business Coalition on E Commerce and Privacy basis.

San Francisco Chamber of Commerce trade associations for 2022, the aggregate amount of our dues designated by these trade associations as attributable to the company for lobbying was approximately 583,000.

Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, and we regularly evaluate our participation in trade associations and industry groups, weighing the costs and benefits of continued membership.

Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association.

Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association.

We opened our doors to banking in April 2003 by offering a narrow range of products for the benefit of individual clients through Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (Schwab Bank).

Today, we provide selected banking services through Charles Schwab Banking Trust Services, which includes three banking entities and two trust companies that are wholly owned subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Two of our bank subsidiaries, Schwab Bank and Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB are subject to the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).

Bank, we take a strategic and tailored approach to meeting the needs of the communities in which we do business, including the needs of low and moderate income neighborhoods.

Our CRA programs reflect our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy by increasing access to investing, supporting our D I programs, enhancing our efforts to support our community, and meeting our requirements under the CRA.

Committee ensure that adequate resources are dedicated to the CRA program in order to implement the CRA Strategic community partnership strategy that aims to leverage the expertise of local, regional, and national partners to undertake community focused initiatives within targeted sectors.

In determining what opportunities to pursue, we consider a of Schwab’s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing number of factors that help us understand the communities’ our CRA activities and performance.

Strategic Plan that is tailored to the needs of the communities served by the bank.

Each Strategic Plan is submitted for public comment and to the Federal Reserve Board for approval.

Each bank’s Board of Directors is responsible for approving the bank’s CRA Strategic Plan and assessment areas and for appointing the CRA Officer, who also serves as Chairperson of the CRA Committee.

The CRA Officer oversees a team responsible for: and housing information, unemployment rates, poverty rates, homeownership rates, and market competition.

We also engage in community outreach, which can include meetings with nonprofits, state and local governments, chambers of commerce, and universities as well as hosting roundtables.

Our evaluation and community outreach efforts help us assess and prioritize the needs of the communities and, in turn, our opportunities to leverage our resources to create impact.

Community needs generally include affordable housing, small business development for job growth, and financial capability.

Developing, managing, and coordinating CRA Strategic Plan.

We set annual goals based on how much we expect to lend implementation across business and support units and invest, as well as annual goals for community service.

Providing community development loans, investments, and services, as defined in the Strategic Plans.

The current Strategic Plans are in effect from January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2024.

Our evaluation and community outreach efforts help us assess and prioritize the needs of the communities and, in turn, our opportunities to leverage our resources to create impact.

This allows us to partner with institutions and organizations that know the communities.

Fueling local and regional economies We partner with and invest in CDFIs, primarily throughout the Western and Southwestern United States.

Our loans and investments in CDFIs represented about 50% of our annual commitment volume in 2022.

In 2022, we funded a portion of our 10 million investment in the SDS Supportive Housing Fund, which uses equity instead of debt to build permanent supportive housing.

The fund is partnering with nonprofit landowners and municipalities in California to create 3,000 units of permanent housing for its homeless population.

Community service and grants Aligned with Schwab’s broader community efforts to advance facilities such as charter schools, health care facilities, and financial literacy, Schwab Bank makes grants to local childcare centers.

In 2022, we loaned 5 million to Grameen America, the nation’s fastest growing microfinance organization.

America provides small business loans, financial education, organizations to deliver programs that support these goals.

In 2022, we funded the Equitable Development Initiative, which is aimed at supporting emerging real estate developers of color to create affordable housing in Dallas.

In 2022, we provided more than 2,800 hours of community their wealth and create jobs in their communities.

Affordable housing Approximately 50% of our annual commitments are invested in affordable housing.

These consist of investments in real estate partnerships that invest in projects eligible for low income housing tax credits for multi family affordable housing.

The Federal Reserve evaluates our performance, and we have received an Outstanding CRA rating in our last three performance evaluations.

In support of this rating, we met or exceeded our performance goals under the lending, investment, and service tests of our Strategic Plans.

Aligned with our vision of being the most trusted leader in investment services, we support our communities in a multitude of ways.

Our community initiatives advance financial literacy at all stages of life, with a focus on underrepresented groups.

We also support our communities through volunteer efforts, corporate and employee giving initiatives, and mentorship.

We believe that making an impact on historically underrepresented communities, as well as supporting the communities where we work and live, will lead to greater diversity and inclusion both within our own walls and throughout the marketplace.

A lack of financial literacy has real consequences in people’s lives and can limit access to college, housing, and good jobs.

Schwab’s focus on financial literacy is grounded in our commitment to help change this trajectory by empowering individuals with the financial confidence they need to take ownership of their financial futures.

Financial literacy can also help address some of the biggest social issues we’re facing in our country.

Schwab has partnered with leading nonprofits and community organizations for decades to educate and equip people of all ages with the knowledge, skills, and behaviors it takes to become financially confident and secure.

Moneywise America Launched in 2021, Moneywise America builds on our long standing commitment to making financial literacy more accessible for everyone.

This financial literacy program is designed to help level the economic playing field for people across the country by increasing access to high quality financial education, with a focus on reaching youth in under resourced communities and schools.

Schwab employee volunteers trained and certified to facilitate financial education for people across the country and a standards based financial literacy curriculum for schools and nonprofits that may not have their own financial literacy content.

Westlake headquarters in October 2022 for an all day financial literacy field trip.

Each student received a 1,000 scholarship to support post secondary educational opportunities and enjoyed a full day of financial education and career sessions supported by more than 200 Schwab employee volunteers.

Nearly 2,000 employees have participated in Moneywise.

More than 1,300 employees have participated in a Moneywise.

More than 5,650 individuals have been reached through.

Moneywise America volunteers have served approximately.

Schwab and Girl Scouts focused on removing gender bias, videos to drive visitors to their articles on AP’s website.

Badges now cover topics like investing and retirement.

Make It Count, a youth financial education program designed to volunteer and engage with local troops on financial literacy for the Club environment.

Schwab in partnership with BGCA, is designed to provide models for financial literacy training in six key employment teens with a solid foundation in financial literacy so they can locations, aiming to create an effective and replicable make empowered financial choices as adults.

Through staff led financial literacy sessions, teens develop skills such as goal setting, budgeting, saving, and investing.

In addition, teens practice their financial decision making with the Associated Press to break down barriers to skills through fun, engaging digital tools and games.

BGCA also pairs youth with supportive BGCA mentors journalism by spreading personal finance knowledge to and volunteers, including Schwab employees, to develop historically underrepresented audiences.

The partnership, funded by Charles Schwab Foundation, supports a team of two beat reporters to cover personal finance topics and make that information accessible to younger, less affluent, and racially and ethnically diverse people including people of color, Spanish speakers, and middle and lower income households.

Our employee volunteers can leverage the training they receive through the Moneywise America program to add greater value to this partnership.

Schwab partnered with Girl Scouts of the USA to modernize and relaunch the financial literacy badge program.

Since 2003, the 14 weeks of the challenge with portfolio asset every year since 2017.

Schwab has awarded more than 670,000 to over 325 Money appreciation in the 10% 17% range.

DonorsChoose Schwab partners with DonorsChoose to support teachers by providing tools and resources to help them be more proficient in teaching financial literacy in their classrooms.

Schwab provides support for qualifying financial literacy projects by matching donations during two yearly campaigns.

Schwab is invested in making a difference in the places where we live and work through our time, talent, and financial resources.

We support a wide range of charitable giving and community service programs, and we help our people devote their energies to giving back to causes that matter to them and their communities.

Schwab is passionate about supporting local causes and charitable activities, especially those that support financial literacy development.

We channel that passion by providing grants, corporate sponsorships, and disaster relief funding to a variety of nonprofits.

Ambassadors across our employment centers who provide students, teachers, and schools in their respective district local leadership.

Community Ambassadors spearhead and or state to teach middle and high school students from high needs schools about saving, investing, and civics.

Student teams manage a hypothetical 100,000 online portfolio and invest in real stocks, bonds, and mutual funds.

Through the competition, teams learn about the capital markets and civics as they work together to maximize the returns on their portfolios.

Schwab provides similar community support through ongoing programs in our service centers and branch network.

And we provide administrative help for various nonprofits and make our facilities available for community groups and events.

Schwab Volunteer Weeks began as a single day of service on May 13, 2004, with just over 1,000 employee volunteers serving 37 nonprofits in seven cities across the country.

Our Pro Bono Challenge is a skills based flash consulting event that enables Schwab employees to use their time, talents, and expertise to help local nonprofit organizations expand their impact in our communities.

The annual event brings together hundreds of Schwab employee volunteers and dozens of nonprofits from across the country for skills based projects that leverage team members’ expertise to build social sector capacity and help vital community organizations grow and thrive.

U.S. Their capacity building projects spanned marketing, client relations, HR, finance, IT, and more.

Since then, the annual event has grown to include thousands of employee volunteers.

After two years of virtual service during the COVID 19 pandemic, Schwab Volunteer Weeks returned to in person service in 2022 and saw record participation.

Schwab employees filled more than 9,200 volunteer spots in support of 850 service projects and 360 nonprofit partners across the country.

While many of the 2022 projects addressed local needs, we also supported a number of our national nonprofit partners in their ongoing efforts to tackle major issues such as housing affordability, food insecurity, and financial literacy.

Facilitating financial literacy workshops for youth at Boys.

Building homes with Habitat for Humanity, which provides access to adequate, affordable shelter for low income and historically underserved families.

Calling and talking with seniors through Meals on Wheels, which addresses hunger and isolation to improve the health and quality of life of senior citizens.

Weeks, Charles Schwab Foundation made 500,000 in grants to the participating nonprofits.

We recognize that our operations have an impact on the environment, and we aim to conduct our business in ways that reduce our environmental impact.

As a corporate citizen, we understand that creating a positive impact on the environment is important to many of our clients, employees, stockholders, and the communities we serve.

Schwab takes a project based approach to reducing our environmental impact, studying the conditions at each location and pursuing opportunities for improvement as they arise.

SEE vision, our recent growth, and our role as a corporate citizen.

Below we share our current environmental initiatives and our accomplishments through December 31, 2022.

Security assesses and manages environmental risks and opportunities and reports to the Chief Financial Officer.

Sustainability to our Corporate Real Estate team to lead environmental initiatives for our corporate and branch locations.

They share a passion for sustainability and work to create a greener work environment.

They also support sustainability efforts in our local communities.

SEE members bring ideas and opportunities to the Corporate Real Estate team for discussion and, where appropriate, implementation.

In 2022, SEE volunteers collected, refurbished, and donated more than 380 Schwab computers valued at nearly 200,000 to 10 local nonprofits across our geographic footprint.

We strive to reduce our carbon footprint through energy conservation and the use of renewable energy sources.

We annually measure and report Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions for our corporate facilities, branch locations, and data centers through CDP.

Our annual measurement for 2021, which we reported to CDP in 2022, included for the first time emissions from facilities added to our portfolio with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, which significantly increased our real estate footprint, our employee headcount, and our total greenhouse gas emissions in 2021.

Over the 10 year period from 2011 through 2021, our total employee headcount increased by 137%, our portfolio square footage grew by 169%, and our total carbon emissions increased by only 40%.

Schwab’s corporate real estate portfolio, we will continue to explore ways to reduce our carbon footprint.

A significant way in which we are reducing our greenhouse gas emissions is through solar projects.

Our state of the art solar farm in North Texas has the capacity to produce approximately 4,600 megawatt hours annually, reducing our carbon dioxide emissions by approximately 1,913 metric tons per year.

Electricity generated by the solar farm fully powers our North Texas data center.

Any unused power we produce is sold back to the grid to offset our energy costs.

In 2022, we began construction on a new rooftop solar project at our Phoenix campus, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2023.

We estimate that this project will generate 993 megawatt hours annually, which we will use to offset our consumption of energy from non renewable sources.

We continue to evaluate other solar investments at our major campuses, such as applying solar to new locations and to car canopies and building roofs at existing locations.

We are also reducing our energy usage through how we work day to day.

In January 2021, we announced that laptops would be the default computer offering.

Each laptop consumes approximately 80% less energy than desktop computers, along with generating less heat.

We completed this conversion in 2022, reclaiming 4,377 desktop computers and deploying over 7,500 laptops.

More than 37,000 laptops are in use today, compared to approximately 2,600 desktop computers.

In 2021, we completed a UPS modernization project for our Phoenix data center.

This project resulted in energy savings of more than 11% for the building, or approximately 306 megawatt hours per year, allowing us to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions by 217 metric tons annually.

Measurements are not third party verified and represent internal calculations using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.

Emissions data for 2021 include estimated emissions for TD Ameritrade facilities based on 2021 partial year actual data.

Data for 2021 also excludes certain retail branch locations and two TD Ameritrade co location data centers for which data was not available.

All Schwab properties are enrolled in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR program for benchmarking.

Our Corporate Real Estate team actively identifies opportunities to implement water conservation measures for our properties.

During the design process for our office spaces, we specify low flow fixtures and sustainable landscaping, which can include xeriscaping, drought tolerant native plants and shrubs, smart irrigation with flow shut off sensors, and rain freeze sensors.

Westlake campus, for example, incorporates native and adaptable plants that can thrive with minimal water, allowing us to reduce our water usage.

We don’t forget about the small ways to minimize our environmental footprint that add up to make a big difference.

Working with vendors that use recycled content and sustainable products.

Sourcing environmentally responsible products, including paper products certified by the Forest Stewardship.

Reducing the use of paper in our day to day operations through a variety of initiatives, such as redesigning lengthy client reporting documents to make them shorter and simpler, which is expected to decrease paper usage for those reports by approximately 40%.

Since January 2017, we have partnered with Green Standards to sustainably manage the resale, recycling, and donation of office furniture and equipment in certain locations.

This initiative has both an environmental and a social impact, combining waste reduction with meaningful benefits to organizations within our communities.

Our partnership with Green Standards has allowed us to divert a total of approximately 1,487 tons of waste from landfills, resulting in a reduction of 4,081 metric tons of carbon emissions since 2017.

This initiative also has had a positive impact on our communities, with 45 beneficiaries receiving more than 287,000 of in kind donations as of December 2022.

In 2022, we centralized much of our waste management function through a third party provider that is responsible for contracting and bill payment for solid waste services across all of our locations.

Our third party provider will also collect data on costs and volume of waste removed.

We expect this data collection effort to give us increased visibility into how much of our routine solid waste is recycled, composted, or sent to landfills.

Additional information about our ongoing environmental efforts is available on our Environmental Stewardship page.

Thousands of survey respondents rated their financial service providers on seven key attributes: quality of products and services, ethical business practices and values, commitment to protecting the privacy and security of personal data, service treatment of others, fair prices fees for products and services, sensitivity to customer needs in the current economic and financial climate, and innovation of processes and offerings.

Charles Schwab took 3 of the top 25 spots for our online brokerage, wealth management, and ETF fund businesses.

Additionally, Schwab ranked second among wealth managers and third among online brokers.

The Civic 50 recognizes the 50 most community minded companies in the nation each year and showcases how companies can use their time, skills, and resources to drive social impact in their communities.

Honorees are companies with annual U.S. revenues of at least 1 billion and are selected based on four dimensions of their corporate citizenship and social impact programs: investment of resources, integration across business functions, institutionalization through policies and systems, and impact measurement.

For industry awards and recognition, in many cases, Schwab has paid a licensing fee to the awarding company for use of the logo and award.

Schwab has received a 100% rating on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index every year since 2004, being recognized as one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality.

Schwab scored 100% on the 2022 Disability Equality Index, being recognized as one of the Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion.

The readers of CAREERS the disABLED magazine selected the top companies in the country for which they would most prefer to work or that they believe provide a positive working environment for people with disabilities.

This list is the result of an annual survey mailed and emailed to randomly selected readers.

All respondents were asked to rate their organizations on criteria such as working conditions, diversity, and how likely they’d be to recommend their employer to others.

Female respondents also rated their employers on factors such as parental leave, discrimination, and pay equity.

Austin, Texas (2013 2022) Charlotte, North Carolina (2016 2022) Chicago, Illinois (2013 2022) Cleveland, Ohio (2013 2018, 2020 2022) Dallas Fort Worth, Texas (2017 2022) Denver, Colorado (2013 2022) Indianapolis, Indiana (2013 2022) Orlando, Florida (2019 2022) San Diego, California (2022) San Francisco, California (2013 2022) St. Louis, Missouri (2022).

Schwab ranked 150th out of 500 large employers, based on a survey of 60,000 Americans working for businesses with at least 1,000 employees.

Respondents were asked to rate, on a scale of 0 to 10, how likely they’d be to recommend their employer to others.

They were also asked to rate their companies on factors such as working conditions, development opportunities, and compensation.

The final list ranks the 500 large and 500 midsize employers that received the most recommendations.

Schwab ranked fifth among a field of 300 companies and first among financial services companies.

Over 20,000 young professionals in the U.S. who work for companies that employ at least 1,000 people participated in the independent survey focused on work related issues and their experiences in the workplace.

The following table outlines the location of the information from selected standards.

Other sources of information include our 2022 Annual Report on SEC Form 10 K, our 2023 Proxy Statement, our 2022 CDP Climate Change Response, and our corporate website.

ESG Report, About Schwab, page 9 ESG Report, The Power of One, page 26 SEC Form 10 K, Item 1.

FN AC 330a.1 business: Asset Management Custody Activities (FN AC) and Commercial Banks (FN CB).

Incorporation of Environmental, Social, and Governance Factors in Investment Management Advisory disclose all information and metrics.

Our disclosures are intended to allow investors and other stakeholders to have consolidated and holistic access to information that Schwab considers relevant to our business.

Other sources of information include our 2022 Annual Report on SEC Form 10 K, our 2023 Proxy Statement, and our corporate website.

Because Schwab’s banking activities include minimal commercial and industrial lending, the standards under these frameworks related to ESG factors in extending commercial credit are not applicable to our business.

Charles Schwab Banking Trust Services are provided through its Affiliated Banks (collectively referring to Charles Schwab Bank, SSB Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB and Charles Schwab Trust Bank) and Affiliated Trust Companies (collectively referring to Charles Schwab Trust Company and Charles Schwab Trust Company of Delaware).

Deposit products and services are provided by the Affiliated Banks, Members of FDIC.

Lending products and services are provided by Charles Schwab Bank, SSB ( Schwab Bank ), an Equal Housing Lender, and Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB ( Schwab Premier Bank ).

Home lending is offered and provided by Schwab Bank’s home loans provider, Rocket Mortgage, LLC (NMLS 3030).

Trust and custody products and services are provided to retirement and other benefit plans by Charles Schwab Trust Bank ( Schwab Trust Bank ).

Personal Trust Services are provided by Charles Schwab Trust Company.

Administrative Trustee Services are provided by Charles Schwab Trust Company of Delaware.

The Affiliated Banks and Affiliated Trust Companies are separate but affiliated companies and wholly owned subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation and are not affiliated with Rocket Mortgage, LLC.

Portfolio Management provided by Schwab Wealth Advisory, Inc., a Registered Investment Adviser and affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc.

Please read the Schwab Wealth Advisory Disclosure Brochures for information and disclosures about this program (schwab.com resource schwab wealth advisory disclosure brochure).

The Wealth Advisor, Associate Wealth Advisor, and other representatives making investment recommendations in your Schwab Wealth Advisory accounts are employees of Schwab Wealth Advisory, Inc.

Mutual fund and ETF investors should consider carefully information contained in the prospectus, or if available, the summary prospectus, including investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses.

You can obtain a prospectus by visiting schwabassetmanagement.

Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.

Unlike mutual funds, shares of ETFs are not individually redeemable directly with the ETF.

Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than the net asset value (NAV).

Schwab Asset Management is the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., the investment adviser for Schwab Funds, Schwab ETFs, and separately managed account strategies.

Schwab Funds are distributed by Charles Schwab Co., Inc. (Schwab) Member SIPC.

Schwab ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO).

Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate but affiliated companies and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation and are not affiliated with SIDCO.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies implemented by mutual funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs), and separately managed accounts are currently subject to inconsistent industry definitions and standards for the measurement and evaluation of ESG factors therefore, such factors may differ significantly across strategies.

As a result, it may be difficult to compare ESG investment products.

Further, some issuers may present their investment products as employing an ESG strategy but may overstate or inconsistently apply ESG factors.

An investment product’s ESG strategy may significantly influence its performance.

Environmental ( E ) factors can include climate change, pollution, waste, and how an issuer protects and or conserves natural resources.

Social ( S ) factors can include how an issuer manages its relationships with individuals, such as its employees, shareholders, and customers as well as its community.

Governance ( G ) factors can include how an issuer operates, such as its leadership composition, pay and incentive structures, internal controls, and the rights of equity and debt holders.

Carefully review an investment product’s prospectus or disclosure brochure to learn more about how it incorporates ESG factors into its investment strategy.

Because environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies exclude some securities, ESG focused products may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as products that do not use such strategies.

Additionally, the criteria used to select companies for investment may result in investing in securities, industries or sectors that underperform the market as a whole.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is an active semi transparent (also known as a non transparent ETF).

Investing in the fund may involve certain risks, as discussed in the fund’s prospectus, including, but not limited to, those described below.

Any of these risks could cause an investor to lose money.

Active semi transparent ETFs operate differently from other exchange traded funds (ETFs).

Unlike other ETFs, an active semi transparent ETF does not publicly disclose its entire portfolio composition each business day, which may affect the price at which shares of the ETF trade in the secondary market.

Active semi transparent ETFs have limited public trading history.

There can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop, be maintained, or operate as intended.

There is a risk that the market price of an active semi transparent ETF may vary significantly from the ETF’s net asset value and that its shares may trade at a wider bid ask spread and, therefore, cost investors more to trade than shares of other ETFs.

These risks are heightened during periods of market disruption or volatility.

Proxy Portfolio Risk: Unlike traditional ETFs, this fund does not disclose its portfolio holdings (Actual Portfolio) daily.

The fund instead posts a Proxy Portfolio on its website each day.

The Proxy Portfolio is designed to reflect the economic exposures and risk characteristics of the fund’s actual holdings on each trading day, but it is not the same as the fund’s Actual Portfolio.

Although the Proxy Portfolio is intended to provide investors with enough information to allow for an effective arbitrage mechanism that will keep the market price of the Fund at or close to the underlying NAV per Share of the Fund, there is a risk (which may increase during periods of market disruption or volatility) that market prices will vary significantly from the underlying NAV of the fund.

ETF trading on the basis of a published Proxy Portfolio may trade at a wider bid ask spread than ETFs that publish their portfolios on a daily basis, especially during periods of market disruption or volatility, and therefore may cost investors more to trade.

Also, while the Fund seeks to benefit from keeping its portfolio information secret, market participants may attempt to use the Proxy Portfolio to identify a Fund’s trading strategy, which if successful, could result in such market participants engaging in certain predatory trading practices that may have the potential to harm the Fund and its shareholders.

Proxy Portfolio Construction: The Proxy Portfolio is designed to recreate the daily performance of the Actual Portfolio.

This is achieved by performing a Factor Model analysis of the Actual Portfolio.

The Factor Model is comprised of three sets of factors or analytical metrics: market based factors, fundamental factors, and industry sector factors.

The fund uses a Model Universe to generate its Proxy Portfolio.

The Model Universe is comprised of securities that the fund can purchase and will be a financial index or stated portfolio of securities from which fund investments will be selected.

The results of the Factor Model analysis are then applied to the Model Universe.

The Proxy Portfolio is then generated as a result of this Model Universe analysis with the Proxy Portfolio being a small subset of the Model Universe.

The Factor Model is applied to both the Actual Portfolio and the Model Universe to construct the fund’s Proxy Portfolio that performs in a manner substantially identical to the performance of its Actual Portfolio.

The Proxy Portfolio will only include investments the fund is permitted to hold.

The fund’s SAI contains more information on the Proxy Portfolio and its construction.

Proxy Portfolio and Proxy Overlap Information regarding the contents of the Proxy Portfolio, and the percentage weight overlap between the holdings of the Proxy Portfolio and a Fund’s Actual Portfolio holdings that formed the basis for its calculation of NAV at the end of the prior Business Day (the Portfolio Overlap), is available by visiting the fund’s website.

Value investing attempts to identify undervalued companies with characteristics for improved valuations.

Securities that exhibit value characteristics tend to perform differently and shift in and out of favor with investors depending on changes in market and economic conditions.

As a result, the fund’s performance may at times fall behind the performance of other funds that invest more broadly or in securities that exhibit different characteristics.

Mid cap companies may be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic events than larger, more established companies and the value of securities issued by these companies may move sharply.

Securities issued by small cap companies may be riskier than those issued by larger companies, and their prices may move sharply, especially during market upturns and downturns.

Holdings may include collateral held by the fund for securities on loan.

In addition, certain securities may be designated as collateral for transactions such as open futures contracts or delayed delivery securities.

Any fund holdings shown should not be considered a recommendation of any security by the investment adviser and is subject to change.

NAV (Net Asset Value) is a per share valuation of the securities in an ETF officially calculated once per day.

NAV price performance is primarily used to evaluate the fund and its managers and may not reflect the actual return for the investor.

Market Price is the price at which investors buy and sell ETF shares in the stock market.

Investing in emerging markets may accentuate these risks.

An ETF’s Market Price may be higher or lower than the NAV at any given point in time.

Market returns are based upon the Official Closing Price of the primary listing exchange (generally, 4:00 p.m. Eastern time) and may not represent the returns you would receive if shares were traded at other times.

Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.

Unlike mutual funds, shares of ETFs are not individually redeemable directly with the ETF.

Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than the net asset value (NAV).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Wasmer Schroeder Strategies are available through Schwab’s Managed Account Connection program ( Connection ).

Please read Schwab’s disclosure brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Connection and Schwab’s Managed Account Services .

Investment research for thematic stock lists is provided by Schwab Asset Management , the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Schwab Asset Management is an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. (Schwab).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Thematic stock lists are not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock.

Investing in stocks can be volatile and involves risk, including loss of principal.

Consider your individual circumstances prior to investing.

Portfolio Management for the Schwab Managed Portfolios is provided by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., dba Schwab Asset Management , a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. ( Schwab ).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Please refer to the Schwab Managed Portfolios Disclosure Brochure for additional information.

The Managed Account Select program is sponsored by Schwab.

Please read the Schwab Managed Account Services Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures.

In addition, please read the participating money manager’s (MM’s) disclosure brochure, including any supplements for important information and disclosures.

Investments in managed accounts should be considered in view of a larger, more diversified investment portfolio.

Investment advisors are not owned by, affiliated with, or supervised by Schwab.

Services may vary depending on which MM you choose, and are subject to an MM’s acceptance of the account.

Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc. (CSIA) is an affiliate of Schwab that evaluates money managers (MMs) in Schwab’s Managed Account Select (Select) program.

Schwab does not provide advice or recommendations regarding managed account strategies or MMs to investment advisors or their clients.

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Schwab Managed Accounts Services.

Please refer to the fund’s prospectus for a more complete description of the principal risks of investing in the fund.

Investors should consider carefully information contained in the prospectus, or if available, the summary prospectus, including investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses.

You can obtain a prospectus, or if available, a summary prospectus by visiting schwabassetmanagement.com prospectus.

Please refer to the Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Disclosure Brochure for additional information.

Schwab Personalized Indexing is available through Schwab’s Managed Account Connection program ( Connection ).

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Connection and Schwab Managed Account Services.

Before executing any tax strategies mentioned, ensure you understand the technicalities and certain risks including unintended tax implications.

Investors should consult with their tax advisors and refer to Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) website at http: www.irs.gov about the potential tax consequences.

Tax laws are subject to change, either prospectively or retroactively.

Individuals should contact their own professional tax and investment advisors or other professionals to help answer questions about specific situations or needs prior to taking any action based upon this information.

Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. does not represent that any particular tax consequences will be obtained.

This information does not constitute and is not intended to be a substitute for specific individualized tax, legal, or investment planning advice.

Where specific advice is necessary or appropriate, Schwab recommends consultation with a qualified tax advisor, CPA, financial planner, or investment manager.

Diversification and asset allocation strategies do not ensure a profit and cannot protect against losses in a declining market.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and each Schwab Personalized Indexing strategy and equity market segment has its own set of risks based on client strategy selection and further customization.

Strategies that use screening to exclude certain investments may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as strategies that do not use screens.

There can be no assurance that the strategies will achieve their desired outcomes.

Each investing strategy brings with it its own set of unique risks and benefits.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and the Wasmer Schroeder Strategies have their own set of risks.

The Wasmer Schroeder Strategies are invested primarily in fixed income instruments and as such the strategies are subject to various risks including but not limited to interest rate risk, reinvestment risk, credit risk, default risk and event risk.

Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.

Fixed income investments are subject to various other risks including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption, corporate events, tax ramifications and other factors.

Because Positive Impact strategies exclude some securities, Positive Impact focused products may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as products that do not use such strategies.

Additionally, the criteria used to select companies for investment may result in investing in securities, industries or sectors that underperform the market as a whole.