Last year, my letter in Uber’s annual ESG Report reflected on the global impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic and our efforts to address the unique and unprecedented challenges the world faced .

As a society, we continue to face challenges, including the health, social, and economic implications from COVID humanitarian crises leaving millions in need and severe weather events that damage the places we call home .

These challenges endanger society and threaten the resources available on our planet .

Everyone needs to be able to move freely, and safely, and in a way that preserves the planet, its people, and its resources .

At Uber, we don’t just power movement our mission is to reimagine the way the world moves for the better .

We want to help people go anywhere and get anything .

We want you to move and earn freely, make the most of your time, and be connected to the people and places that matter most to you .

We’re committed to safety and developing technology that aims to reduce incidents .

We’re committed to sustaining equity and belonging for all .

We’re committed to reducing the impact our operations have on the environment .

We’re committed to you, and to the cities in which we serve because we believe that when you thrive, when people connecting on our platform thrive, and when cities thrive, Uber thrives .

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report reflects how we’ve embraced our values and our commitment to those who earn on, move on, or invest in our platform .

We prioritize transparency and recognize its mandate in our journey to deliver value for you .

Continued to advocate for the right to flexibility, fair benefits, and support for people who make money on the Uber platform.

Analyzed and quantified our risks and opportunities in key markets in support of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures.

On the pages that follow, you’ll see details about our progress on these initiatives, our mission and values, and other actions we’ve taken that are integral to our environmental, social, and governance goals .

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues .

For more information surrounding our material ESG issues, please view page 76 of this report .

Working toward 100% rides in zero emission vehicles, on micromobility, or through public transit by 2040 globally.

As of Q2, 2022, there are 26,000 average monthly active zero emission vehicle drivers across the Uber platform in Canada, Europe, and the US, serving 13 .3 million trips.

Report global Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which have received limited assurance from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance.

Joined the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the Climate Pledge, and have submitted our science based target in 2022 for validation.

Achieved LEED Gold and WELL Platinum at our headquarters.

Social Driver and courier well being: Surveyed drivers and couriers through various sessions globally, asked employees (including executives) to drive and deliver in order to understand the experience better, and published transparent papers about opportunities to improve independent work.

People and culture: Published our 5th report covering human capital management, DEI issues, and more.

Local impact: Published dozens of posts, papers, and impact reports on critical ESG and stakeholder issues.

Urban use: Published analysis of the study we commissioned in 8 cities around the world on trends in urban development, transportation, and ridesharing.

Governance Data privacy: Launched our new Privacy.

Data security: Obtained important certifications and reports for core business lines (ISO 27001, SOC 2, SOC 2 Type 2).

Political activities: In 2022, we released Uber’s US Political Engagement report, which includes a summary of our US Corporate Political Activity Policy, board level oversight, and direct lobbying activities.

The kind of people who are relentless about our mission to help people go anywhere, get anything, and earn in the way that works best for them .

It pushes us to constantly reimagine how we can connect movement .

Our new company values provide the clear guidance we need to successfully achieve our mission .

We are a values led company, which means that everything we do to drive business impact is rooted in our values .

These values describe not only how we act but also what we do, the decisions we make, and where we spend our time .

Our values are uniquely Uber, and they define our culture, who we are as a company, and who we want to join us in the future .

Our goal with our culture activation work is to increase pride and connection to Uber, become a more aligned and effective organization, and ultimately achieve our mission .

We know this is a multi year goal and that it will require all of us existing employees and new team members we bring in to participate .

We want people who are inspired by our mission and values to stay and contribute to our culture over time as we continue to refine and improve what it means to be a values led organization .

Extending our values through our ESG vision A critical component of being values led is extending our values beyond our walls, into our products, our partnerships, and our interactions globally .

Our ESG vision and strategy is a key way we’re bringing our values to life across the impacts of our business, internally and externally .

ESG vision Seamless integration of ESG principles into business decision making to promote long term stockholder value and a better quality of life for our stakeholders.

Across the globe, Uber has been part of building back better amid a new normal.

We’re working with cities and NGOs, partnering with health and mobility companies, and introducing new users to Uber through a variety of new products and offerings to keep people and cities moving.

Showing up for cities in these challenging, fast changing times is how we strive to always Do the right thing.

One significant focus is on improving public health outcomes through transportation access .

Every year, an estimated 3 .6 million Americans miss healthcare appointments due to a lack of reliable transportation .

Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy .

In Washington, DC, for instance, Uber Health and Surgo Ventures partnered with 2 federally qualified health centers (Community of Hope and Mary’s Center) to launch Rides for Moms, which provides free transportation for prenatal and postnatal care appointments for up to 1,000 pregnant people .

Participants may schedule their rides either through Uber Health or using vouchers, while receiving support from transportation coordinators .

Similarly, CVS Health provided Uber Health rides to local community organizations for high need individuals who need transportation to healthcare, work, or education in Atlanta, Columbus, and Hartford .

This effort, part of CVS Health’s Health Zones initiative, meets an important need in social determinants of health by treating access as part of any individual’s overall well being .

Access to transportation and food Working to avoid missed appointments isn’t the only way Uber improves public health .

A recent Brookings Institution report found that third party delivery apps like Uber Eats help expand food access in low income neighborhoods .

Our Uber Transit partnership with Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, and medical appointments for addiction program participants .

Participants found jobs within 9 days, on average, compared with 31 days before the transit program started, while missed health appointments decreased from 75% to 19% .

Increasing access also means developing new mobility options that reflect local needs .

By building technology to make rides available with the tap of a button, Uber has helped revolutionize access to transportation .

We have continued to diversify and expand the suite of offerings available through our platform, making on demand transportation accessible to a wider cross section of urban populations while expanding the footprint of public transit and micromobility networks .

This past year has seen a rapid increase of motorcycle taxis, yellow taxis, and auto rickshaw taxis on the Uber platform .

Our Uber Moto ride option provides access to low cost motorcycle taxi rides while creating earning opportunities for drivers and couriers with a lower barrier to entry than car based options .

It’s also a popular way to fill the first last mile gap with public transit in Indian cities, a major finding of our Future of Cities India report .

This year, we launched Uber Moto in dozens of new cities, with more than 30 in Brazil alone, drawing a new rider base and increasing access to mobility for highly price sensitive users .

Across the globe, we’ve been growing our Uber Taxi ride option by launching in new cities and expanding existing operations .

Over the past year, and through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in New York, San Francisco, and Italy have set a global precedent for Uber and taxis working together .

We believe these partnerships are a win win for cities, taxi drivers and companies, and Uber by better balancing demand for rides with supply of vehicles for cities .

In addition, Uber Transit supplements fixed route service and improves paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the US and beyond .

We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s ability to maintain service across its 700 mile service area through a partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to transit hubs through their app .

Meanwhile, Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial employment center outside Chicago, to provide first last mile connections to transit and late night service across multiple transit agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program .

We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across North America .

On our quest to reduce car ownership, we provide access to a diversity of transportation options that fulfill different types of trips .

For example, micromobility including bikes and scooters is particularly suited for short trips within dense environments .

Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services can now be accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities worldwide .

Shifting to micromobility for deliveries will be one of the most meaningful ways we can keep cities moving while mitigating impacts on congestion and emissions, according to a study we commissioned from WSP .

Car Next Door, which we recently acquired, offers peer to peer car sharing in Australia for longer trips .

And we relaunched a newly designed shared rides product that’s affordable and convenient for riders and drivers .

Both services increase utilization of vehicles, either by finding uses for when the owner isn’t driving or by increasing the number of people in the vehicle when it’s in motion .

In response to the quick return to pre pandemic traffic levels in cities around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion .

In it, we explored the role that Uber and road users play, introduced principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely single occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part to help reduce congestion .

Uber actively partners with companies and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single occupant vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to support choosing green .

Working in tandem with public policies is often the most effective way of achieving shared goals .

Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 10% of the vehicle kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio across major European cities on the platform .

But this would not have been possible without the reinforcing city policies of the CC and ULEZ, which were in place before our program launched .

In regards to delivery, about 95% of merchants report that working with Uber Eats has had a positive impact on their business during the pandemic .

We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, providing 20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat Local campaign, which included 4 .5 million in small business relief grants administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which were minority owned .

When indoor dining was shut down during the pandemic, we helped reimagine parking spots and other underutilized spaces as dining destinations .

We tested some of these ideas in Harlem and Washington, DC .

One of the most compelling aspects of Uber that became evident over the last year is how we can pivot in response to changing environments .

From creating new taxi partnerships and supporting refugees fleeing conflict to navigating fluctuating public health guidelines and the resulting changes to city dining and streetscapes, Uber continues to help people get where and what they need in every community we serve .

As a company that reimagines the way the world moves for the better, creating social impact in the communities Uber serves is at the heart of our mission.

Uber embraces the use of our mobility and delivery technologies to make movement accessible to all and to increase equity.

Over the past year, Uber has helped decrease transportation barriers to COVID 19 vaccinations .

We also donated access to rides for those seeking refuge, offered meal delivery to frontline responders with Uber Eats, and transported essential goods in times of crisis with Uber Freight, among other purpose driven efforts .

Committed 10 million free rides In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world so they could travel to get vaccinated .

In the US, we partnered with organizations such as the League of United Latin American Citizens, Morehouse School of Medicine, National Action Network, and Partners in Health organizations with ties to communities of color that were disproportionately impacted by the pandemic .

Internationally, major partners included the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), and UNESCO .

Uber worked with over 280 partners who were on the front lines of vaccinating our communities in 44 countries to provide these rides .

Created the Vaccine Access Fund In addition to Uber’s original commitment of 10 million rides for vaccines, we teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access Fund in the US .

This 11 million initiative lets us fund even more rides for communities in need .

Specifically, it addresses health inequities by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where people from underserved parts of the country can learn about the vaccine from trusted contacts .

We also launched an in app feature that allows users to donate to the fund .

Through that fund, we engaged 65 active community partners in 57 cities across 21 states to provide vaccine education and rides .

Looking ahead, we’ll use remaining funds to address systemic barriers to access to health services beyond vaccines .

Partnered with the White House Uber worked with the White House to make it as easy as possible for everyone in the US to get vaccinated .

We built an easy to use in app experience, integrating vaccines .gov data directly into the Uber app, where users could find nearby available vaccination appointments from tens of thousands of local providers .

From May 24 to July 4, 2021, we offered free rides (up to 25 each) for every leg of the trip to help people get to and from their first 2 vaccinations .

Through transportation accessed through Uber Health, unemployed young adults in the Bridges to Employing Youth Program were able to receive a COVID 19 vaccination, a new requirement for many available employment positions.

This service has opened many doors to the unemployed youth who have been financially impacted by the pandemic.

Helped recovery from natural disasters Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services in response to disasters and to help with recovery .

Uber continued to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, feeding first responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber Freight .

In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, and other essential supplies to communities in distress .

Supported Afghan refugees Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with 1 million to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary housing, and other immediate needs upon arrival in the US .

We worked with key organizations such as FWD .us, the International Rescue Committee (IRC), Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, No One Left Behind, Team Rubicon, Women for Afghan Women, and other frontline organizations supporting Afghan families .

Uber also bolstered resources needed for these efforts by raising 1 .1 million through our in app donation button for IRC’s resettlement programs .

Uber matched up to 1 million of the funds raised .

Provided humanitarian assistance for Ukrainians Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

Uber donated to humanitarian agencies to feed Ukrainians and provide critical relief .

Uber also helped riders donate directly to Ukraine relief at the tap of a button in the app .

We helped power 3 .5 million in donations, including a 1 million match by Uber .

To give riders more ways to help, we also launched Uber for Ukraine, a ride product in key European markets with an added surcharge that was given to the IRC for refugee relief .

We gave over 60,000 free rides to help people fleeing the crisis move to safety within Ukraine and across the border, and to help governments and NGOs with humanitarian relief .

Anti racism education for riders and drivers In 2021, Uber made progress on our commitment to build racial equity internally and externally in our products, services, and advocacy and in communities where our riders and drivers come from .

With the goal of ridding our platform of racism, Uber rolled out anti racism and unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US .

Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to develop training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform .

Supporting Black owned businesses In 2020, Uber committed 10 million over the following 2 years to support Black owned businesses through programs with Black owned businesses directly and through partnerships with Black owned restaurants on Uber Eats .

Our main partner and advisor across our commitment to Black businesses has been EatOkra, a small Black owned business themselves, and a directory app that promotes and supports Black owned businesses .

Additionally, as part of Uber’s pledge, Uber Eats hosted a few events in Atlanta to support Black owned restaurants, including sponsoring the Taste 404 Summit in Atlanta in April 2022, which brought together owners and staff from 29 Black owned restaurants to share and learn about how to grow their businesses on and off platform .

Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want .

Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest open platforms for work, offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 10,000 cities .

Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people used Uber’s platform to earn .

In total, they generated over US 150 billion in earnings, excluding tips .

Who’s earning with Uber Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and countries they serve .

They include professional drivers, veterans, students, parents returning to work, people supplementing a primary income, and everything in between .

Share of drivers who also deliver who are female .

Open access Individuals who earn money using platforms like Uber’s do not need to wait for a job opening or even interview for a role .

While regulatory requirements vary across countries and cities, in many of Uber’s markets individuals who have documentation and licenses required by local laws and a vehicle meeting Uber’s requirements can sign up and start earning within a few days after passing a background screening .

Low barriers to entry ensure that workers from all backgrounds, regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, education, or other characteristics, have equal access to work .

This also means that platform work attracts diverse groups of workers who may have been historically marginalized from the labor market .

Control and autonomy Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real time control over their working hours, times, and locations .

There are no negotiations or minimum hours, only reasonable constraints on maximum hours to promote safety and comply with local regulations .

Working with multiple platforms Drivers and couriers working with Uber can work across multiple apps, with no restriction on how they spend their time outside of the Uber app.

The ability to work with multiple apps not only offers workers more choice, but it also fosters healthy competition among platforms.

For key examples of Board and committee oversight of ESG issues, and specifically driver and courier well being, please view page 64 of this report.

Research has shown that the majority of platform workers in the US choose to work with more than one platform .

A 2021 survey of drivers and couriers working with Uber in the US found that nearly 75% reported having worked with at least one platform other than Uber .

Delivering food or groceries (78% and 48%, compared with 62% and 10% of single appers).

Driving and or delivering full time (39%, compared with 21% of single appers).

The COVID 19 pandemic has created lasting disruption to the labor market .

According to the International Labour Organization, global working hours in 2021 were estimated at 4 .3% below pre pandemic levels, the equivalent of 125 million full time jobs lost .

Research has long suggested that platform work could help people meet their financial needs in a crisis, but COVID 19 stress tested that claim .

In early 2021, Accenture surveyed nearly 5,000 new platform workers and analyzed Uber’s data covering 7 million platform workers across 6 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, the UK, and the US) .

Accenture’s research suggests that platform work provided workers with a financial safety net, an ongoing connection to the labor market, and satisfying work that was more than a means to an end .

Platform work was an essential or important source of income They would not be able to meet financial needs without income from platform work.

Platform work acted as a secondary source of financial security.

Workers surveyed for the report who lost a job during the pandemic before starting platform work indicated that a connection to the labor market helped them maintain skills, motivation, and work habits .

Platform work can also help improve employability: 65% of people who started platform work during the pandemic agreed that they gained valuable skills that could help their future employment prospects .

In some countries where Uber operates, workers can switch between rideshare and delivery at the touch of a button .

Accenture observed use of this flexibility in response to shifts in consumer demand: in Australia, Canada, and the US, the proportion of rideshare workers completing delivery trips doubled between December 2019 and December 2020 .

In the US, 22% of drivers taking UberX trips also delivered in the last 4 weeks of 2021 .

Women and flexible work Research has shown that: Women benefit more from flexible work arrangements than their male counterparts .

Women favor jobs with more independence, shorter workweeks, less structure, and increased decision making, and they place greater importance on interpersonal relationships .

The COVID 19 pandemic affected women more than men .

The employment level for women in the US fell 18 percentage points between February and April 2020, dropping 3 .7 percentage points more than the employment level of their male counterparts .

Research has attributed the gap to child care responsibilities among women with school age children and female overrepresentation in the sectors most adversely affected .

As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women were able to rely on app based work for flexible earning opportunities especially food and grocery delivery .

During 2021, the number of women working on the Uber platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre pandemic levels .

The number of women who signed up to earn with Uber in 2021 exceeded the 2019 amount by more than 50% .

And on Uber’s growing delivery platform, the share of women among couriers also increased .

While digital apps and platforms like ours have been and continue to be powerful forces for creating economic opportunity, it’s clear that more can be done to improve the quality and security of platform work .

We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

Flexibility: The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work .

Earnings: Fair and transparent earning opportunities .

Chile: The legislature passed a law that incorporates platform workers into the government’s healthcare and pensions scheme and introduces new requirements for platform companies to guarantee earnings at 120% of the minimum wage for time spent actively working, maintain on app insurance coverage, provide couriers with safety equipment, and reconsider disputed decisions .

The bill also provides a pathway to unionization for independent contractor workers .

Benefits and protections: Access to social protections and benefits.

Washington State (US): Governor Jay Inslee signed into law a.

In November 2020, Proposition 22 passed with support from over 58% of California voters .

Prop 22 ensures that drivers and couriers working with platforms like Uber get a number of benefits, including an earnings guarantee, healthcare stipends, injury protection insurance, and safety training .

A September 2021 survey of drivers and couriers working with Uber, DoorDash, Instacart, and Lyft in California found that: that fit the work .

Voice: Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback .

Growth: Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

While changes to the law may be required in many countries to ensure that platform workers are protected across apps, we’re working with our peers in the business community, wherever possible, to improve working conditions today .

Australia: We led the development of the National Safety Principles for Food Delivery Platforms and signed onto it with other food delivery platforms .

We’re committed to improving safety in the sector and upholding the principles by maintaining policies and processes in respect of training and information sharing, delivery equipment and personal protective equipment, support, consultation with workers and other stakeholders, and incident reporting and investigation, among other matters .

Japan: As a leader in the delivery industry, we partnered with the.

Japan Food Delivery Service Association and its major food delivery platform members .

In 2022, the association released Guidelines for Improving the Working Environment for Food Delivery Service Couriers, building on its Road Safety Guidelines released in 2021 .

Global: Uber signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF), a democratic, affiliate led federation of nearly 700 transport workers’ unions from 147 countries, representing 20 million workers .

The agreement allows Uber and ITF to collaborate on measures to benefit drivers and couriers, including dialogue on a variety of topics such as trade union representation, freedom of association and bargaining, working conditions, health and safety, social protections, and dispute resolution .

Canada: Uber Canada signed an agreement with Canada’s largest private sector union in the food, retail, and service sectors, United Food and Commercial Workers Canada (UFCW Canada) .

Through this agreement, UFCW Canada can provide representation if requested by drivers and couriers facing an account deactivation or other account dispute issues .

UFCW Canada and Uber will jointly advocate that provincial governments enact industry wide legislative reforms, such as a minimum earnings standard, a benefits fund, and worker rights .

Australia: Uber Australia signed a Statement of Principles with the country’s largest union in the transport sector, the Transport Workers Union (TWU) .

Our agreement expresses the fact that Uber and TWU support industry wide standards that ensure minimum and transparent enforceable earnings and benefits for platform workers, dispute resolution mechanisms, and the rights of platform workers to have an effective collective voice .

In addition to listening, Uber executives, product managers, engineers, and our CEO hit the road to understand what drivers and couriers experience daily .

They discovered pain points big and small, from in app design choices to the need for significant navigation improvements .

The feedback from these lived experiences resulted in more than 300 fixes that meaningfully improved the driver and courier experience .

We remain open and committed to working with peers, users, and industry associations to build the right representation models for platform work and to ensure accountability for delivering on commitments .

We’re committed to capturing the diverse perspectives of people who earn on our platform, listening to their opinions, and addressing and supporting their needs .

During 2021, we held over 300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers and couriers around the world and conducted more than 50 surveys to gather feedback .

We’ve doubled down on programs that enable groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on behalf of their communities so that we can make meaningful changes .

After a successful launch in Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program through which drivers and couriers elect other drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) to all 50 states .

We meet regularly with driver and courier associations in many countries and regions, including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington State (US) .

We also engage with unions in several places, including France and the UK .

Refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom Drivers and couriers need to be able to refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom when they choose to stop for a rest .

In 2021, starting in the US, we rolled out an in app feature that enables drivers and couriers to pause incoming trip requests without having to log off, to find a restroom, and to save on gas through our partnership with Upside .

Using data from GasBuddy, drivers and couriers can now use the Uber app to navigate directly to nearby gas stations and restrooms, and they can save money per gallon through cash back with Upside .

Navigate your way Drivers, including Uber Crew Members in the US, have told us that one of their biggest pain points when driving or delivering is navigation .

To help make pickups smoother, we’re now showing drivers what side of the street their pickup will be on and providing a more precise description of where to meet up .

Drivers can choose from up to 2 alternate routes and change their navigation provider within the Uber app .

We’re also working on traffic based rerouting to help make sure drivers can be confident they’re taking the least congested route .

More live support We expanded our phone support for all drivers and couriers in the US and Canada from 5 days to 7 days a week .

For Uber Pro Gold, Platinum, or Diamond drivers and couriers, live phone support is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week .

Modular onboarding When a new driver wants to both drive and deliver, we’ve made it possible for them to start delivering as soon as they meet the necessary requirements for delivery, rather than having to wait for their mobility onboarding process to complete .

Where it’s possible for us to do so, we partner locally to provide and facilitate a wide range of perks and protections for drivers and couriers, including through our Uber Pro loyalty program .

Insurance products: We partner with leading insurance companies to offer a range of protection solutions, including on app coverage for accidents and injuries while working and in some markets, income protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness .

Allianz in the UK and Europe and AXA in France, where Uber fully funds on trip and off app benefits for eligible drivers and couriers, including injury, sickness, maternity, and paternity payments .

Chubb in Australia, where Uber fully funds on app accident protection, including payments for certain common injuries, permanent disability and accidental death compensation, and reimbursement or lump sum benefits in certain events such as hospitalization or assault .

Learning and growth: We partner with academic and learning institutions to make opportunities available to eligible drivers and their family members through bachelor’s degree programs and courses on entrepreneurship, skills development, and language learning .

Rosetta Stone to provide eligible drivers and couriers around the world the opportunity to learn a new language for free .

Arizona State University (ASU) in the US has enrolled nearly 4,000 drivers, couriers, and their family members in online undergraduate degree programs through a partnership that provides 100% tuition coverage .

As of Spring 2022, more than 300 participants have graduated with a bachelor’s degree .

In addition, more than 10,000 have participated in our Upskilling program with ASU, which includes English language and entrepreneurship courses .

Endeavor and Sebrae Latin America with technical assistance from the International Finance Corporation to provide drivers and couriers with access to online micro courses in entrepreneurship, including financial education, future of work, personal marketing, time management, and customer service .

African Management Institute to offer a free learning program focused on skills development and entrepreneurship for drivers and couriers in sub Saharan Africa .

Open University in the UK to offer eligible drivers and couriers or a family member to take a fully funded undergraduate degree level course, or other short courses .

In 2021, we made it possible for drivers and couriers in many of Uber’s markets to request an achievement summary letter that details the date of their first trip or delivery, number of trips and deliveries, average customer rating, and top feedback .

Drivers and couriers can use these letters as evidence of their experience using the Uber app in job and other applications .

To date, 32,000 achievement summary letters have been downloaded since launch in mid 2021 .

Drivers’ and couriers’ experience with Uber affects their decision to go online and offer their services in Uber’s marketplaces .

Uber will continue to work tirelessly to earn the trust and business of the drivers and couriers who use our platform for work .

In 2021, we made changes to the survey methodology (including sampling design and questionnaire design), so these results cannot be compared with 2020 results .

At Uber, we embed safety into everything that we do .

We’re committed to making Uber safer for everyone using the platform .

Since 2017, we’ve doubled the size of our Safety team, made safety a core company value, and continued our investment in new safety technologies and features .

We’ve consistently raised the bar on safety for the industry by embracing an expert driven, action oriented, and transparent approach while holding ourselves accountable to the commitments we’ve made .

We are continuously investing and innovating to enhance the safety of the platform for all users .

Ensure that Uber’s safety with clear platform protocols, incidents by building new with empathy and care in approach is guided by expert strong governance, and robust technology solutions as a core times of need .

We believe everyone has the right to a safe experience while using Uber .

Everyone who uses the app must commit to adhering to Uber’s Community Guidelines, which are centered on 3 key principles: treating everyone with respect, helping to keep one another safe, and following the law .

Uber continues to prioritize robust screening processes and technology for drivers and couriers to help strengthen the safety of our platform, and we’re proud to have applied innovative technology to enhance our overall screening initiatives .

Uber’s driver screening process consists of several identity safeguards, including a review of identity information such as a driver’s license, Social Security number, proof of insurance, and vehicle registration .

In the US, we also collect and examine a driver’s background history through a third party vendor accredited by the Professional Background Screening Association .

We have long set the standard for platform safety technology .

The Safety Toolkit, a single spot in the app where riders, drivers and couriers can access safety features during their trip .

In app Emergency Button, which connects riders, drivers and couriers directly to 911 with the push of a button and, where available, allows users to text 911 .

Phone number and address anonymization,15 which hides the personal details of riders, drivers and couriers .

Share My Trip Follow My Ride, which allow riders, drivers and couriers to share their trip with designated loved ones who can follow their trip in real time .

Verify My Ride: Riders can opt in to receiving a unique 4 digit PIN before each trip, which they provide verbally to their driver, who needs to enter it into their app to start the trip .

Speed limit alerts and driving hours tool, which help reduce speeding and fatigued driving .

RideCheck16 can detect rare events such as long stops, unexpected routes, or possible vehicle crashes and send a notification to riders and drivers to see if all is well .

Then, if needed, the app provides tools that they can use to get help .

Rider Seat Belt Alerts: To improve adoption of rear seat belt use, we began rolling out Rider Seat Belt Alerts to prompt riders to take this lifesaving step .

After a driver starts the trip, an audio tone will be emitted from the driver’s phone and riders will receive a push notification reminding them to buckle up .

Audio Recording feature in the US that allows drivers and riders to record audio during a trip .

Any recorded content is encrypted on the phone so that no one can access it without permission .

Uber can only access it if the user reports a safety incident and includes the audio file .

The feature is already available in more than dozen countries around the world .

Rider Verification: Riders who try to set up a new account with an anonymous form of payment, such as a prepaid gift card, are required to upload an ID, which undergoes a series of validity checks .

These additional verification requirements can act as a deterrent to those who are trying to use the app for theft or to harm drivers .

At Uber, we’re committed to supporting all users with empathy and care in times of need .

Reporting channels and response teams Uber receives and proactively gathers safety incident reports from more than 10 different channels, including the app, our critical safety line, social media, and law enforcement .

We encourage feedback and reporting, even though this increases the total number of safety reports we receive and need to manage, because it shows us the reality of our users’ experiences and helps us improve our safety processes and policies .

All potential safety related reports are manually reviewed by teams of specialized customer support agents for proper adjudication .

When our support teams receive safety related reports, they are triaged and classified by agents based on the description given by the reporting party, and appropriate action is then taken in each and every case .

Working with law enforcement Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

If anything happens, 24 7 support is available in the app from a specialized team of Uber agents who are trained to handle sensitive reports.

Sexual misconduct education In partnership with RAINN (Rape, Abuse Incest National Network), a national anti sexual violence organization, we developed and launched comprehensive sexual misconduct education for drivers in the US, led by real drivers .

These video modules cover a wide range of topics, including respecting privacy and personal space, conversational boundaries, and sexual assault awareness and bystander intervention they also offer resources and strategies for promoting safety on the Uber app .

Driving Change Since 2017, Uber’s Driving Change initiative has provided funding to organizations working to prevent, address, and respond to gender based violence .

This funding has supported the critical work of these organizations, including those that are survivor led and that provide culturally specific resources and support to communities .

This work includes initiatives like NO MORE’s DontStandBy bystander awareness campaign and Rise’s Survivor Safe Haven project .

Industry Sharing Safety Program When we published our first US Safety Report, we committed to finding a way to share deactivation17 data with other rideshare companies .

In 2021, we made good on that promise, launching the Industry Sharing Safety Program .

This initiative enables companies to exchange basic information about drivers who have been deactivated for serious sexual assault or physical assault fatalities to help prevent these individuals from operating on another platform .

For example, if a driver is flagged by Uber’s system and subsequently deactivated for unsafe driving, they may still be allowed to ride with Uber using the rider app .

We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety organizations, and crime prevention organizations to ensure that we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices .

We are proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs and initiatives, including those highlighted below .

Impaired driving prevention Since 2012, we have partnered with Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) to reduce drunk driving throughout the country .

Last year we launched a first of its kind coalition with MADD and Anheuser Busch to raise awareness and ultimately shift behavior when it comes to drinking and driving .

Together we reached tens of millions of people with our Decide to Ride campaign and provided discounted rides .

In addition, we partnered with the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) to support impaired driving prevention efforts in states across the country .

Bicycle delivery safety We partnered with the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) on a campaign to provide important road safety guidance to bicycle couriers using Uber Eats .

Using feedback from bicycle couriers, GHSA developed a series of safe riding tips .

The tips featured information on safe road positioning and how to safely operate and maintain a bicycle .

In addition, we launched Bicycle Friendly Driver education with the League of American Bicyclists, which is available to all drivers on the platform .

And our Bike Lane Alert feature reminds riders to watch for bicyclists before exiting the vehicle .

US Safety Reports Uber’s US Safety Reports are part of our ongoing commitment to continually improve the safety of our platform for all who use it .

These reports detail our safety policies and processes and share data on the most serious incidents that occur on our rideshare platform in the US: motor vehicle fatalities, physical assault fatalities, and sexual assaults .

As outlined in both reports (2017 2018 and 2019 2020), our data continues to show that the vast majority of trips on Uber (99.9%) are completed without any reported safety incident at all .

And yet, we recognize that even one critical incident is one too many, as it reflects the devastating personal experience of an individual using Uber .

These reports bring hard data to bear in order to drive transparency and accountability and improve safety for Uber and the entire industry .

We know that secrecy doesn’t make anyone safer, and we are committed to consistently raising the bar on safety .

Our hope is that more companies will follow Uber’s lead, commit to being transparent about critical safety incidents, and publish their own safety reports .

For a detailed review of safety policies, processes, and data, please view Uber’s US Safety Report.

We are a tech company that connects the physical and digital worlds to help make movement happen at the tap of a button .

We’ve gone from connecting rides on 4 wheels to rides on 2 wheels to freight deliveries on 18 wheels from facilitating the delivery of takeout meals to the delivery of daily essentials, groceries, and just about anything else you need when you need it .

We move quickly responding to day to day changes on the ground in 72 countries and more than 10,000 cities globally .18 We face difficult challenges and continue to reimagine the way the world moves for the better .

To work at this speed, scale, and complexity, it’s essential that we attract and retain a diverse mix of people people who are motivated and energized by our mission .

We need go getters who are looking to improve the way things work for everyone on our platform around the world .

We know we won’t be the right fit for everyone, which is why we’re committed to being clear about who we are and what it’s like to work at Uber .

We’re collecting data from employees to understand what matters to them most and why they stay and build a career here .

We are using this insight to clarify our priorities and approach, and, as a result, we’re focused on 6 differentiated employee needs: pride, belonging and equity, growth, compensation, well being, and trust .

This human capital strategy ensures that we consider the needs of our diverse workforce and continue to create an engaging, equitable, and inclusive experience in each of these critical areas .

You can see a full breakdown of our talent approach and what we’re doing to improve the employee experience in our 2022 People and Culture Report.

Hear more about what our employees have to say about working at Uber.

Our mission and values drive us as an organization, including who we attract and retain.

We want people who are inspired by our mission and share our values to join us, so they can do the best work of their career and truly have an impact on the world.

But it’s not enough to have a compelling mission and strong values on a page those have to come to life in our employees’ day to day experience.

We’re working across our organization to make sure that employees experience our values at every step of their journey, effectively meeting their needs as an individual and as part of our community.

We are hyperfocused on designing an ecosystem that enables our people and our business to thrive.

Insurance, Uber for Business previously also included New Mobility and Product Ops) .

Employees who say they are passionate about Uber’s mission.

When it comes to belonging at Uber, we strive to be the undisputed global leader in connecting diverse people and resources on the most equitable, inclusive, and safe technology enabled platform .

This is driven by our commitment to build the highest performing diverse workforce working in the most inclusive, equitable, and engaging workplace .

The philosophy starts fundamentally by attracting a diverse workforce, fostering a sense of belonging and community, driving accountability through enhanced data strategy and transparency, and amplifying that across Uber’s ecosystem .

Our original anti racist commitments During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique role and responsibility to help fight racism and, particularly, its disparate impact on the Black community .

At that time, Uber announced our commitments to become a more anti racist company .

The commitments are organized under 4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting racism with technology, driving equity in the community, and sustaining equity and belonging for all .

Through 2021, Uber has made significant strides in all 4 pillars .

The overall health of our racial equity commitments is strong, and we’re continuing to make meaningful progress .

See our 2022 People and Culture Report for more detail on our progress and accomplishments .

Continuing commitments While we have accomplished key goals, we’ll continue to maintain our focus on improving product equity and marketplace fairness with formalized teams committed to these areas .

We also will be focused on continuing progress on the remaining 12 commitments .

Uber’s Racial Equity Leadership Council (RELC), comprising 60 plus senior leaders and stakeholders across multiple functions, has designated subcommittees for each of our commitments .

Through these commitments and their governance, we’re focused on developing sustainable solutions to integrate equity into everyday business practices .

There is still a lot of work to be done, and we remain committed to the path of moving equity forward .

While we track and set targets related to specific populations and levels, we monitor our progress in hiring and retaining diverse talent across the board .

Since our last report, which included data as of March 31, 2021, we’ve seen some mixed progress in overall representation and representation in leadership .

Overall, the number of employees identifying as women globally increased 0 .3 percentage points from 2021 to 2022 .

In the US, the number of employees identifying as underrepresented people (URP) rose by 0 .6 percentage points .

The number of employees in the US identifying as Black or African American decreased 1 .0 percentage point overall from 2021 to 2022 .

In the US, Asian and Hispanic Latino populations rose by 1 .3 percentage points and 1 .9 percentage points, respectively .

We continue to focus on hiring Black or African American talent and are building more strategic partnerships for sourcing this talent as well as enforcing the Mansfield Rule .

We also know that retention is likely the greatest lever we can pull .

In addition to the sponsorship program mentioned later in this report, in 2021 we launched URP visibility forums talent reviews across many organizations where we review top Black or African American and Hispanic Latino talent to make sure they are getting the support and development they need and or are not being held back due to bias .

Additional information pertaining to workforce representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports .

Data callouts on trending progress illustrate both the net percentage point increase (calculated based on the net difference between 2019 and 2022) and the population growth (calculated based on 2022 representation percentages divided by 2019 representation percentages) .

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self report race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total employees in selected org .

Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races .

From a leadership perspective, the percentage of women in leadership overall increased 3 .8 percentage points globally .

In the US, the percentage of Black or African American leaders decreased by 0 .4 percentage points, Asian leaders by 2 .2 percentage points, and Hispanic Latino leaders by 0 .6 percentage points since 2021 .

Additional information pertaining to workforce representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports .

We are diligent about tracking our demographic data and holding ourselves accountable for improving representation of women globally and underrepresented people (URP) in the US year over year .36 That said, incremental gains are not always linear, but in conjunction with our Board of Directors we continue to monitor the indicators and associated progress .

We have implemented different programming as noted in this report and expect over the long term to enhance our representation .

To support our commitments, in 2021 we launched a target setting pilot to identify representation targets for Senior Directors and above with teams of 100 people or more .

To address historical disparities at the company, these targets focus on increasing the representation of women globally and URP in the US, in total and at more senior levels .

Goals were initially established based on Uber’s 2020 data and the relevant labor pool .

A dashboard allows leaders to monitor algorithmic projections and variables, including hiring, attrition, and promotion, to determine DEI priorities and strategies aligned with their goals .

Relatedly, Uber launched a formal DEI strategic planning process to create a more consistent approach for keeping leadership accountable and aligning relevant teams .

Each leader now has a specific DEI strategic plan that includes factors like how to build an inclusive working environment and hire and retain women and URP .

These plans work in concert with these targets, giving leaders a more comprehensive approach to advancing DEI .

They share their progress and setbacks in group meetings 2 times per year where they can learn from one another .

Progress against these targets and DEI plans are reviewed quarterly by the CEO and his senior leadership team .

Plus, in 2021 the Board of Directors Compensation Committee amended its charter to explicitly oversee employee engagement and employee diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts .

While business leaders and managers own their own DEI strategic plans, there is overarching accountability across the organization, signaling a company wide commitment to these issues .

The inaugural year showed improvement in every category, with an increase of 1 4 percentage points in representation for women overall, women at Manager level and above, URP overall, and URP at Senior Analyst level and above, in comparison with year end 2020 .37 In order to keep our leadership teams committed to meeting our goals, we tied the compensation for our most senior executives to company wide diversity goals .

The DEI key performance indicators we established consisted of growing the percentage of women at Uber’s Manager level and above to 35% and growing the percentage of US URP at the Senior Analyst level and above to 14% by the end of 2022 .

Data is reflective of populations at year end 2020 and 2021, respectively, inclusive of annual promotions.

Annually, Uber administers a Global Self ID survey to help us get up to date data on our workforce .

This is a leading practice that helps employees continue to reflect their multiple identities, from education level and caregiver status to race ethnicity and military veteran status (where applicable) .

Each year, we refresh the questions and response options to reflect a changing world, and we endeavor to create an inclusive environment where employees feel safe to update or change their status .

The more data we have, the more we work to enhance policies and programs to meet the unique needs of various groups .

You can see more detailed data in our People and Culture Report.

In June 2021, Uber launched our version of the Mansfield Rule, a holistic recruiting strategy that measures whether we have affirmatively interviewed women, people with disabilities, military veterans, and underrepresented racial ethnic groups, with a commitment to interviewing a candidate pool that matches or exceeds market supply for diversity .

We kicked off our Mansfield Rule efforts by working to understand what the available talent market looked like for each of the countries, functions, and levels for which we hire, and we used this information to set appropriate aspirational ranges .

When we started measuring our progress in early 2021, we only met our aspirational goals for 25% of our open positions .

However, as we continue to bring better visibility, insights, and training to our Talent Acquisition teams and hold business leaders accountable for meeting their Mansfield goals, we have seen consistent progress, quarter over quarter, and are now meeting our Mansfield Rule goals 83% of the time .

Learn more about our Mansfield Rule in our white paper.

Our Drive your growth philosophy At Uber, our growth philosophy puts our employees in the driver’s seat of their growth and career development journey .

This Drive your growth philosophy is Uber’s unique approach to development and exemplifies what it means to help individuals and teams live our Go get it value .

We provide and empower employees with resources that help them drive their own growth in multiple ways and across several paths at Uber and beyond .

Explore learning opportunities relevant to them and choose where to focus, when to learn, and how to grow their skills .

Grow through on the job experience, stretch assignments, and gigs and learn in the flow of work .

Growth doesn’t always equal promotion it also happens through new opportunities, new paths, and doing different things .

Employees aren’t alone on their learning journeys, and we encourage them to leverage their teams and the broader Uber network to help guide them .

We’ve created strong mentoring and coaching programs for employees to use to their advantage .

Focus on leveraging strengths to create better opportunities .

Timely feedback is the key to achieving their goals and helping others achieve theirs .

Continuous feedback and Impact Check Ins Performance at Uber is designed to be employee centric and flexible for individual needs .

We believe feedback is key to driving growth at Uber and that understanding where you are is critical to knowing where you are going .

To support this vision, in 2021, we shifted from biannual performance feedback conversations to encouraging regular Impact Check Ins supported by ongoing timely feedback .

This shift enables us to capture feedback inputs throughout the year, allowing us to better support the needs of a constantly changing workforce .

The goal is to help employees understand their impact in real time so they know where they stand and can adapt as needed .

It also helps managers minimize recency bias so they can continue to make fair and equitable promotion and compensation decisions .

Leadership accountability We continue to evolve our approach to performance management to ensure that our outcomes are equitable, fair, and transparent .

We provide senior level leaders with visibility into aggregated demographic data and pair it with performance, promotion, and reward inputs, helping to drive greater accountability for objective decision making and equitable outcomes .

We also continue to improve alignment on performance and development by using feedback and check ins to help employees drive their growth and amplify their impact .

After surveying a representative sample of employees, we heard that 80% of employees found the program useful and 82% were satisfied overall .

Uber is a school of experience, and we’re committed to developing and growing our employees .

Our Talent Mobility team helps achieve this through our programs designed to provide new perspectives, new skills, and new experiences .

We want to create the ultimate career development experience through partnership, development, and innovation .

We aren’t just hiring for the roles that exist at Uber today we’re also looking for talent who can learn and grow with us as we anticipate the needs of tomorrow and shape the future of our company .

Internal transfers (permanent moves) is our biggest program .

We’ve democratized the process and enable employees to search and subscribe to roles managers locations for new jobs when they’re posted .

We enable transfers from L1 (entry level) through L8 (executive Senior Director) and provide relocation support .

We have room to grow and improve this program, but we’re especially proud of our consistency in filling open requisitions with internals in the 30% range over the last 3 years .

Last year, we launched an internal Talent Marketplace that connects employees directly to hiring managers for short term, gig opportunities .

We define gigs as high impact projects, 5% 15% of an employee’s time, up to 3 months in duration .

By making it easy for employees to find and take on short term, experiential project assignments, we believe we’ll increase opportunities for employees to explore career options and grow their skills, improving employee perception of growth opportunities and improving retention .

In addition, managers gain access to a larger, more diverse talent pool and leverage unique skills not traditionally seen by or accessible to their teams .

Participating in gigs gives employees the opportunity to learn by doing, to develop skills while working on projects they wouldn’t normally be exposed to, and to build a network across the company (many gigs are cross team and cross border) .

It’s one of many ways to pursue career development at Uber with a low barrier to entry .

We’re creating pathways for Uber customer support staff, many of whom identify as underrepresented people, to advance their careers within Uber .

The Community Specialist Team (CST) in Motion program focuses on bringing our frontline customer support agents, known as Community Specialists, into corporate roles .

Community Specialists interact daily with people who use our platform, so they get to know the business from within, making them excellent potential talent for many other roles at Uber .

We run interview preparation sessions, organize career fairs, and set up short term assignment opportunities so that Community Specialists have the support they need to make a career transition at Uber .

We have an annual commitment that 10% of our non tech openings should be filled with customer support employees .

In 2021, our first full year after making this commitment, we reached 9 .5% globally .

Our work philosophy The world of work has changed significantly in the last 2 years, and in response we’ve evolved our work philosophy to reflect all that we’ve learned and what we believe will produce the best results for our employees and our business going forward .

Our work philosophy is centered around employee choice .

We trust employees and managers to do the right thing, and we give them the freedom to choose to work where they are most productive, in alignment with the demands of their job and the practices of their individual team .

As we transition to this new way of working together, we’ll monitor work applications and approval ratings to ensure fairness by gender, race ethnicity, and location .

Fully remote Does not visit the office except for occasional summits, client meetings, etc.

Global employee benefits The best teams are built with diverse ideas, identities, ethnicities, experiences, and education .

As our value of Great minds don’t think alike expresses, when we reflect the incredible diversity of the people who connect on our platform, we make better decisions that benefit the world .

This is why our benefits programs are built with diversity as a guiding principle .

We know that everyone has different needs at different times in life, and our programs support our employees wherever they are and whatever they need .

Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s culture .

Our benefits offering provides market specific choice, gives access to robust mental health and family building programs, and encourages overall employee well being, all with the employee experience at the core .

Our Employee Relations team supports our most valuable resource: Uber’s people .

With a global team of ER partners, we enable a safe and productive work environment so everyone can live Uber’s core values .

We do this by resolving workplace challenges and improving the employment practices that affect our people .

We’ve established a comprehensive investigations program to address potential violations of Uber’s employment policies .

Employees have a variety of reporting channels available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with the option to be anonymous .

The ER team promptly reviews all concerns and takes appropriate steps to address them .

Uber aims to have a safe, healthy, sustainable work environment for all employees, contractors, and guests that will empower them to do their best work while reimagining the way the world moves for the better .

Stand for safety is a core company value that extends beyond our platform and to our employees .

Uber commits to always upkeep our health and safety standards to help prevent injuries and illnesses at the workplace or while performing work related activities .

Through our relentless pursuit of sustainability, we strive for the rational use of natural resources, avoiding harm to the environment and, as is practicably reasonable, reducing the environmental impact of our operations .

As a standard, our management systems adhere to all legal requirements at federal, state, and local levels as well as to any international or internal Uber requirements .

In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes across race and gender demographics .

For the last 2 years (2020 and 2021), women at Uber globally earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions .

In that same time period in the US, in aggregate, employees from underrepresented racial backgrounds earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by non underrepresented peers at the same job level .

We will continue to focus on maintaining this important measure of pay equity going forward .

Read more about how our executives are held accountable for pay equity in our 2022 Proxy Statement.

As part of our commitment to transparency and our aim to reach for the highest standards on climate emissions accounting, planning, and disclosure, we conducted an analysis aligned to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) .

A breakdown of this analysis can be found later in this section and is referenced throughout .

In addition, we have joined the Science Based Targets initiative and the Climate Pledge, committing to net zero emissions by 2040 .

In 2021, we published an Environmental Policy, which covers our oversight around core areas such as emissions, energy, water, materials, chemicals and waste, products, suppliers and contractors, engagements, and mergers and acquisitions .

Because it’s the right thing to do for our business and for all those who rely on our platform .

We believe that getting there benefits our investors, our employees, our users, the cities we serve, and the planet as a whole .

We started this journey in 2020 with a set of core commitments .

We’re aiming to be net zero by 2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions .

As part of getting there we have set an ambitious goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger mobility platform to be completed in zero emission vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and by 2040 in every market we operate in globally .

Research shows that ZEV drivers using our app deliver outsized community benefits, because when rideshare drivers switch to ZEVs, they can deliver 3 to 4 times greater emissions savings than average car owners .

However, most drivers still face significant financial barriers to going electric .

Our SPARK Report, released in 2020, details the total cost of ownership (TCO) challenges most drivers in Europe face that can prevent a rapid transition to ZEVs .

To begin chipping away at these barriers, Uber is the first and only global mobility tech company to commit 800 million in total resources to help hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to EVs .

To date, we have provided 245 million through a combination of direct incentives, savings from partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, designed to support vehicle acquisition .

To help reduce the higher TCO and accelerate an equitable transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: education, incentives, savings, and advocacy .

Our December 2021 update and concurrently released Climate Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an in depth review of the initial actions we’re taking, investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

As a tech platform with minimal direct asset ownership, we’re counting on governments and other industry players to take actions that dovetail with our own to support drivers’ fair transition to ZEVs .

More ambitious GHG abatement and ZEV policies established by governments and new ZEV technologies introduced by industry, especially when combined with our mobility marketplace interventions, can make a large impact on reducing transportation sector emissions .

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG Report Our TCFD analysis of driver economics in London, alongside a number of external studies, shows that economics can be favorable for ZEVs in a number of future scenarios where government policy and industry progress combine to create wins for drivers .

Today, ZEVs remain out of reach for drivers who lack off street parking or at near home charging options (which is the vast majority of London drivers who use our app, according to surveys) .

Hybrid internal combustion engine (ICE) cars, especially used hybrids, make the most economic sense for the majority of drivers today .

Future scenarios show that EV drivers who rely more on rapid charging can realize cost competitive economics sometime between 2025 and 2030 .

All scenarios show that London’s world class Congestion Charge policy, which currently exempts EVs, goes a long way to helping more drivers realize the lowest costs in ZEVs compared to traditional ICE cars and hybrids .

Our Clean Air Plan focuses on helping drivers overcome higher acquisition costs so they can make the switch to electric sooner and realize higher net earnings than were possible in an ICE vehicle .

As of Q1 2022, 11 .9% of the miles driven on our platform in London are completed in ZEVs, up from 5 .5% in Q1 2021 .

Furthermore, in the long term, electricity prices and availability of EV infrastructure play a large role in EV adoption .

This is why we’re working with industry partners and governments to improve both the coverage of and access to reliable, affordable charging .

As part of this effort, we’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

Our TCFD analysis shows that aggressive decarbonization across society can open opportunities such as a lower total cost of ownership for drivers and an increased corporate customer preference for zero emission transport options.

It results in warming of 1 .8 degrees above pre industrial levels by 2100 .

Uber is empowering consumers to choose green and car free products .

We offer more green and car free ride options than any other global mobility platform, providing no and low emission rides today in 100 metropolitan markets .

Uber Green, our EV and hybrid rides option, is the most widely available on demand mobility solution in the world for no or low emission rides .

It’s currently offered across 3 continents, 18 countries, and 120 cities .

So far in 2022, we’ve launched Uber Green in Spain, Jordan, and Poland, and we’ve expanded the availability of this ride option in many of our biggest markets such as London .

We’ve also committed to ensuring that Uber Green is available at the same price as our core Uber ride options everywhere our platform is available .

Finally, we’ve launched a new EV only option for riders called Uber Comfort Electric .

This option allows riders to request a trip in a premium EV such as a Tesla or Polestar .

As of June 2022, Uber Comfort Electric is available in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, and Dubai, and we plan to expand to other cities over the course of 2022 .

In Europe specifically, we have some standout cities.

In London, we have doubled the number of fully electric vehicles since the launch of Uber Green in March 2021, with 90% of all new drivers who join our platform doing so with a fully electric car.

In Paris, where we have focused on progressively removing diesel vehicles, 45% of all kilometers on the platform are covered in EVs or petrol hybrids, up from 15% just 2 years ago.

In Lisbon, fully electric kilometers make up over 12% of kilometers traveled on the platform.

Electrifying cars is not the only way to enable a sustainable mobility future, and that’s why we’re also expanding options for our users to go car free via micromobility and connecting to public transport .

Micromobility including bikes and scooters is particularly well suited for short trips within dense environments .

Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded the availability of bikes and scooters to more than 170 cities in 11 countries .

We offer transit agencies many ways to complement their public transit routes, including first and last mile solutions and paratransit options .

We’ve increased our transit partnerships by 88% since 2020, and are now working with 40 major agencies .

We expanded our Journey Planning to 43 cities globally, including Barcelona, Brussels, and London .

Transit is now available in 6 European cities (Barcelona, Brussels, Lisbon, London, Paris, and Rome) with in app ticketing in London (Uber Boat by Thames Clippers) .

For more on all the ways you can leave your car at home and use Uber, whether that means accessing a bus, a bike, or even a taxi, please visit the Impact section of this report .

Uber aims to lead our industry on transparent reporting and other environmental, social, and governance (ESG) corporate best practices .

As part of working toward this goal, we’re now reporting emissions across Scopes 1, 2, and 3 covering all lines of business globally .

Tank to wheel emissions in Scope 3 are assigned to Category 11: Use of sold products .

These emissions form the majority of our total footprint .

The bulk of these emissions are coming from Uber’s mobility business .

This aligns with our hypothesis around emissions categorization, and it’s why it is critical that we focus on reducing the emissions intensity of trips happening on the platform .

In fact, and according to our TCFD analysis, both Uber’s biggest climate related risk and its greatest opportunity center on our ability to meet our electrification goals .

Source: Uber Sustainability, DEFRA emissions factors for advanced users 2021 .

In 2021, we released our second Climate Assessment and Performance Report .

The use of zero emission vehicles (ZEVs) on Uber more than doubled in the first year after making our commitment in Fall 2020.

Drivers are shifting to ZEVs fastest in Europe, at over 4 .5x the rate of the general public.

The carbon intensity of trips on Uber in the US and Canada is 34% lower than the carbon intensity of traditional taxis that do not use e hail technology.

Since we released this second report, we have continued to make rapid progress .

In Q2 2022, 13 .3 million ZEV trips were completed on the Uber platform .

Furthermore, as of Q2 2022, we had 26,000 monthly average active ZEV drivers on the Uber platform .

This figure represents a 3 .0 percentage point increase of on trip miles completed in ZEVs across our 7 focus European countries, and a 2 .2 percentage point increase in the US and Canada vs .

Data was derived from analysis of internal Uber administrative data and external data from DataOne and DAT Group .

Germany, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States .

ZEV drivers on the Uber platform refers to the number of drivers completing at least one trip using our app in a given month, averaged over all the months in the reporting period .

We’re taking a lot of what we have learned from our mobility business and applying it to our delivery business while recognizing that the delivery of food, groceries, and other products presents its own challenges .

Couriers Thanks to our experience on the mobility side of the business, we have a headstart on vehicle emissions reduction and recognize that there are further opportunities for Uber’s delivery platform .

We will support couriers in transitioning to greener vehicles, whether they’re switching within their current mode (moving from motorbikes to electric scooters, for example) or switching from cars to 2 wheel vehicles (mode switching) .

Mode switching is a key lever for Uber to reach our emissions intensity reduction goals, as 2 wheel vehicles can be up to 40% less carbon intensive than 4 wheel vehicles .41 We also achieve greater efficiency through product features such as order batching, which reduces total journey time .

In order to demonstrate economic benefits for couriers transitioning to 2 wheel vehicles, we are partnering with cities and policymakers to remove infrastructure, policy, and cultural barriers to adoption .

We have a number of local partnerships in place to help reduce the cost and encourage the adoption of e mopeds and bikes .

This includes Zoomo in the US and UK, Gogoro in Taiwan, and Adie and Decathlon in France .

These partnerships are aimed at providing discounts on the purchase or rental of e bikes, helping couriers access government subsidies for electric vehicles, and assisting with financing e bike purchases .

Merchants We aim to help our merchant partners reduce packaging waste associated with delivery .

In 2019, we were one of the first companies to offer a global default opt out for utensils and cutlery within the app.

This initiative has enabled the Uber Eats business to support merchant partners in substantially reducing utensils waste.

In many of the countries we operate in, we offer access to sustainable packaging options .

In the United Kingdom, we partnered with Enviropack to support restaurants and stores in delivering in a sustainable way .

We’re trialing reusable packaging in other countries, including Chile, Germany, and Switzerland, and aim to broaden our approach as the program expands .

Uber Eats users We aim to be a platform that champions green choices by giving users the option to choose more sustainable options .

For example, in France, we created an in app Sustainable Packaging search category, added a label on sustainable restaurants’ menus, and ran marketing campaigns to surface these restaurants and provide a discount for ordering from them .

We’re also expanding partnerships that allow customers to opt for reusable packaging with their order, resulting in fewer single use items .

And to reduce delivery emissions, we offer Uber Eats users the option to pick up their food directly from the merchant by walking or biking .

We help communities and the planet thrive by simplifying the movement of goods while accelerating to a zero emission platform.

Considering the dynamics of the freight industry and technology constraints at this stage, we closely monitor policies and signposts for technology adoption while we develop our long term freight strategy .

We simplify the movement of goods to help communities thrive .

However, the environmental impact of freight is undeniable .

We estimate that our freight business is 10x more emissions intensive than our mobility or delivery businesses .

Trucking is the most energy intensive mode of ground transportation, accounting for 9% of CO2 emissions in the United States alone .

Heavy duty trucks primarily use diesel engines and move very heavy loads .

Moreover, carriers typically accrue a lot of deadhead miles .

Research shows that for about 15 30% of the miles carriers drive, their trucks are empty .

This is why it's important for us to help communities and the planet thrive by becoming a zero emission platform .

Our TCFD analysis of freight in the US found that levers such as occupancy and load improvement, as well as deadhead and idling reduction can decrease emissions by increasing efficiency .

These can be implemented along with fuel train switch and modal shifts (e .g ., from road to rail) to reduce transition risk from carbon pricing in the short term .

In fact, our own analyses have shown that Uber Freight load bundles reduce deadhead by almost 23% .

In 2021, Uber completed the acquisition of Tupelo Parent, Inc (Transplace) .

Transplace already offers less emission intensive options such as Optipro, which focuses on coloading, and Lanehub, which focuses on reducing deadhead miles through their logistics engineering and network services solutions .

As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces are matched with 100% renewable electricity .

We accomplished this with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in Texas, which Uber helped finance through a 12 year virtual power purchase agreement .

LEED and WELL certified buildings At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, resulting in spaces that support the health of both people and planet .

These efforts highlight improved air and water quality, acoustic and thermal comfort, energy efficiency, daylighting and dynamic lighting, sustainable building materials, waste reduction, and physical and mental wellness support .

Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL certifications across numerous locations.

Uber Mission Bay 1 2: LEED Gold BD C, WELL Gold, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Uber Mission Bay 3 4: LEED Gold v4 ID C, WELL Platinum, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Sunnyvale: LEED Gold v4 ID C, WELL Platinum, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Engaging employees around sustainability Based on our employee experience survey, over 50% of employees are aware and supportive of Uber’s environmental sustainability commitments .

Alongside our consumer facing initiatives, we also hosted a series of climate themed events in a dedicated week long engagement centered on Earth Day .

This spanned our entire global employee base and featured guest speakers, leadership panels, and line of business specific presentations .

During the course of the week, we engaged several hundred employees from across the globe .

We also hosted a 5 week global hackathon focused on climate innovation, called Go Get Green, which attracted over 80 team submissions and involved over 300 participants from across the company .

Sustainability in our workplaces Uber is committed to sustainability within our global workplaces .

With nearly 5 .8 million square feet of office space housing 21,000 employees globally, Uber prioritizes sustainable, healthy, and inclusive workplaces for our employees and the communities we serve .

Emissions and renewable energy Uber is investing in a carbon free future and carbon neutrality for our global workplaces and has committed to net zero emissions from corporate operations by 2030 .

We are actively reducing emissions from Uber offices and data center operations as we make progress on this 2030 goal .

Uber committed to offsetting 100% of energy use in our US offices with renewable energy by 2025 and expanding to match the energy use in our global corporate operations with renewable energy by 2030 .

Currently, close to 50% of our data center electricity consumption is matched with renewable energy, and going further, environmental considerations are included in our data center Includes physical data centers, excludes cloud providers .

We recognize the importance of our supply chain, and in holding those accountable to the standard needed for the world to see true sustainable partnerships .

Our Supplier Code of Conduct provides our suppliers with guidance around operating ethically .

In 2022, Uber is seeking to launch a supply chain sustainability program to measure the sustainability performance of our key technology suppliers .

We aim to expand this program across our non technology suppliers in 2023 .

Corporate clients are increasingly expressing interest in various ESG related issues .

Globally, 60% of our strategic partners have subscribed to the Science Based Targets initiative .

At Uber, our enterprise clients ask us to disclose our ESG performance through CDP, EcoVadis, and other rating platforms .

Uber is proud to serve as a sustainability partner for our clients worldwide .

We’re building a dashboard that will let our clients track the CO2 emissions from Uber trips that their employees take .

Among the other ways we’re helping our Uber for Business clients lower their footprint, we highlight our Uber Green ride option as a cleaner business travel alternative in our business mobility programs .

Related to meal programs, Uber for Business offers teams the ability to create group orders on Uber Eats, which cuts down on travel and improves delivery efficiency .

All our initiatives help support our clients’ environmental journeys and play an important role in engaging their employees by reaffirming their corporate commitment to a more sustainable future .

When you sign a contract with Uber, you’re aligning your organization with a company that is working around the clock to partner with cities, tackle climate change, and lead the industry to zero emissions.

Good governance is key to achieving our climate change goals .

The governance section of this ESG report highlights how our Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and senior management have overseen and managed our climate change strategy and risk management .

See our 2022 Proxy Statement and page 64 of this ESG report for additional detail on the governance of sustainability matters .

The Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) oversees environmental sustainability, including climate change strategies .

The NGC periodically receives updates on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning climate and emissions related developments and receives reports on Uber’s climate change commitments and reporting .

Uber’s SVP of Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of Marketing and Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change related issues and policies within the company .

Our Chief Legal Officer oversees the company’s ESG strategy and engagement efforts, in addition to reporting that is responsive to the recommendations of SASB and the TCFD .

In 2022, our CEO’s compensation is tied to the achievement of climate related objectives .

Uber’s global Sustainability Team, led by our Global Head of Sustainability, brings together leaders from operations, product and engineering, policy, communications, marketing, business development, legal, workplace, and data science functions .

This cross functional group is responsible for charting our path to net zero by 2040 and operationalizing this road map across all lines of business and functions .

Our ESG Working Group brings together employees across the Mobility, Delivery, Freight, Policy, Workplace, People, Finance, Data Science, and Legal teams that work together to guide our sustainability strategy, reporting, and other aspects of our sustainability and ESG efforts .

TCFD is a risk reporting framework for businesses to use when disclosing the impact of climate change and climate transitions on their operations .

Best practice TCFD reports use climate scenario analysis to quantify, where possible, a business’s risks and opportunities in different possible futures, under different possible levels of climate warming .

Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario specific data with Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities across Uber in specific geographies .

This exercise is not a forecast of the future, a financial planning exercise, or a portfolio capital allocation recommendation .

In line with TCFD recommendations, analysis focuses on breadth over precision in quantifying any given risk or opportunity .

Given the wide range of outcomes, subsequent decarbonization planning should be approached as a future under uncertainty problem .

We recognize that while our analysis is thorough in comparison to those of our peers, there are limitations that we look to enhance in future disclosure .

Forecast Policy Scenario (FPS) in which we achieve warming of 1 .8 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 based on a high conviction policy based forecast of announced responses to climate change and related implications for energy, vehicles and carbon prices .

Required Policy Scenario (RPS) in which we cap warming to 1 .5 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 .

It augments FPS announced policies to ensure achievement of Paris Alignment warming goals, quantifying strong impacts from transitional risks (e .g ., carbon prices) and innovation .

It is included to reflect the net zero pathway many governments and companies have publicly committed to .

These low carbon transition scenarios are produced by the Principles for Responsible Investment’s Inevitable Policy Response initiative (IPR) and offer a deep analysis on specific climate related policies .

Scenarios account for institutional and technology readiness and are benchmarked and updated on a regular basis to reflect new developments .

Key outputs from IPR used in this TCFD analysis include carbon prices, ICE vehicle sales bans, and vehicle stock projections.

The analysis also included a business as usual (BAU) scenario, in which we see warming of 3 4 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 .

It assumes the world fails to introduce more stringent climate policies beyond what is already legislated, and is included due to the higher impact of physical risks .

In this scenario, the current trajectory of zero emission vehicle cost decline continues, but currently active policies remain insufficient to achieve net zero .

Key outputs from the BAU model used in the TCFD analysis include vehicle CAPEX and OPEX components, vehicle efficiency, and vehicle stock projections .

The scenarios vary on key dimensions relevant to Uber, including level of carbon price (higher in decarbonization scenarios) and date of ICE vehicle sales bans (sooner in decarbonization scenarios) .

Price of oil is lower in decarbonization scenarios, reflecting a drop in demand as the economy shifts away from fossil fuels .

Amount of capital investment in the electricity grid also varies, with higher amounts of investment needed to incorporate more renewable generation sources in decarbonization scenarios .

Climate related risks and decarbonization opportunities are informed by those described in Uber’s 2021 ESG report, supplemented by stakeholder interviews.

Internal experts, including leaders across the company, were consulted to select the risks and opportunities prioritized in this year’s TCFD reporting .

Risks include transition risk from direct and indirect climate regulation such as carbon pricing, factors that influence the economic parity of zero emission vehicles, and physical impacts from extreme weather events .

Opportunities build on Uber’s sustainability commitments, focusing on customer willingness to pay, better access to financing for decarbonizing companies, and offering green transportation options to position Uber as a climate leader .

Scenario analysis is used to quantify key risks and opportunities, building upon Uber’s previous qualitative analysis .

For example, analysis on the total cost of ownership (TCO) of a vehicle uses Uber specific assumptions around driver earnings and total kilometers driven, which are combined with scenario specific assumptions around carbon price, oil price, and electricity price .

Along with vehicle capital expenditure costs, these operational expenditure inputs are used to estimate the per kilometer cost of owning and operating a vehicle in different possible futures .

Case studies for mobility and delivery are built around the UK because of its leading climate policy and importance as an Uber market.

Freight centers around the US, which is Uber’s largest freight market.

Uber believes it is largely insulated from the most severe physical and transitional risks related to climate change because it has minimal physical assets and manages a very responsive marketplace across all its lines of business.

Uber’s most significant transition related risk and opportunity is its ability to meet its goals of achieving 100% electrification in mobility by 2030 and being net zero company wide by 2040.

As a tech platform with minimal direct asset ownership, Uber is very dependent on economy wide GHG abatement policy and technology to accelerate decarbonization.

Aggressive decarbonization across society would open opportunities by increasing corporate customers’ willingness to pay for zero emission transport across all business lines as corporations strive to meet their own decarbonization targets and offset carbon costs.

At the same time, Uber may face some short term acute physical impacts from events such as flooding and high winds, although, historically, the impacts from such events have been short lived.

For more information on our environmental sustainability and climate change efforts at Uber, visit https: www.uber.com about sustainability.

Below are brief definitions of climate related transition risks, physical risks, and opportunities that may affect Uber’s business or operations over the short, medium, or long term.

Many risks and opportunities are interrelated and may overlap.

Carrier barriers: Battery EV and greener vehicle supply markets, supportive charging and green refueling infrastructure, government regulations and incentives, and other factors will contribute to the economic and perceptual switching costs carrier fleets face for switching to lower emission vehicles .

Direct climate regulation: Direct climate related policy and regulation on Uber, such as California’s Clean Miles Standard, which regulates transport network companies (TNCs), including Uber, on emissions resulting from and electric vehicles used to serve rides booked on TNC passenger mobility apps .

Driver courier barriers: Battery EV and greener vehicle supply markets, supportive charging and green refueling infrastructure, government regulations and incentives, urban land use policies, consumer preferences, and other factors will contribute to the economic and perceptual switching costs drivers and couriers face for switching to lower emission vehicles .

Human capital: Challenges to employee acquisition, retention, and productivity if Uber does not meet expectations for climate change impacts .

Indirect climate and vehicle emissions related regulation: Policies including fees, taxes, fuel or engine type urban access restrictions, and other regulations that impact drivers’ , couriers’, and carriers’ total cost of vehicle ownership or acquisition and, by extension, likelihood of using Uber’s app to offer mobility services .

Loss of B2B customers: Loss of B2B customers (e .g ., Uber for Business clients, shippers) who have made low carbon commitments and or net zero pledges that Uber does not meet .

Loss of riders and Uber Eats users: Consumer preferences including increased demand for sustainable goods and services additionally, lower demand, higher acquisition costs and lower retention due to increased prices resulting from increased supply chain, compliance, and driver acquisition costs due to climate related impact .

Platform adaptability: High cost to adapt platform for EV transition and to meet expectations and requirements of stakeholders .

Reporting requirements: Greater reporting requirements and associated costs .

Reputation impacts: Losing business to competing forms of transportation reputational risks based on stakeholder perceptions, and performance relative to competitors .

Supply chain impacts: Higher costs as a result of indirect supply chain impacts (e .g ., IT infrastructure, vendors) and direct supply chain impacts (e .g ., shortage of raw materials) .

Corporate operations: Uber’s offices and infrastructure may face operational disruptions and rising costs due to extreme weather events .

Human capital: Uber’s employees may face health and safety risks, and cost of health and other insurance may rise due to extreme weather, both chronic and acute .

Service impacts: Uber’s service may face disruption due to extreme weather events, including infrastructure impacts (roads, bridges, electricity) .

This may negatively impact Uber’s revenue and users’ access to earning on the platform .

Chronic weather changes may also affect the density of city centers .

Access to capital: Debt becomes more affordable as climate related factors are factored into pricing .

Climate advocacy: Build partnerships with policymakers to support EV and low carbon transition .

Community resilience: Assess likelihood of and plan ahead for climate disasters in communities, and provide support during extreme weather events, including public transit agencies, logistics and movement of people and things .

Multi modal transit: Further integrate with multi modal transit .

Recruitment and retention: Improve ability to more effectively recruit and retain high quality talent looking for a climate conscious company .

Reputation building: Be the rideshare and delivery option of choice for green transport, and develop reputation as a climate leader .

Shareholder value: Some investors will prefer Uber as a result of positive climate performance .

Strategy and planning: Further integrate climate risks and opportunities into business strategy and planning decisions .

Our Board of Directors is committed to best in class corporate governance and firmly believes that we must be transparent with, and accountable to, our stockholders with respect to our culture, governance, and corporate responsibility .

In our journey to build out a world class public company governance structure, we have strengthened and developed a Board of Directors with a diverse set of backgrounds, skills, and experiences .

Our Board recognizes the importance of a comprehensive self assessment framework for maintaining optimal Board effectiveness and to ensure each individual director is able to effectively discharge his and her duties in supporting the company and its objectives .

Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees ongoing review of the performance of our Board, committees, and each individual director, including oversight of the annual self evaluation process and the implementation and review of our corporate governance guidelines .

Annual evaluations: Every year, each director participates in evaluations of the Board, each standing committee, and each individual director that allow for individual director feedback, and promote collective discussion on a number of important topics relating to the Board and the company, including the effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and each individual director .

The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this annual self evaluation process, which is led by our Independent Chairperson and provides the Board and each director with valuable and diverse insights into the performance of the Board, including opportunities for improvement .

The components of the self evaluation process are outlined in the box to the right .

Preparation and questionnaires Written questionnaires evaluating the Board, each committee, and each individual director are prepared, finalized, and reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee .

The questionnaires are then distributed to each director and cover a range of topics, including the Board’s role, composition, and committee structure its focus on the company’s leadership and succession planning, operations and strategy, and risk management and the Board’s and each committee’s meetings and materials .

A separate questionnaire is also included so each director can offer feedback on every other director’s strengths and opportunities for improvement, and evaluate whether such director is effective in serving on the Board .

Summary of the written evaluations Each director returns the completed questionnaires confidentially to the company’s outside counsel, which aggregates the individual responses and provides a written summary of the evaluation results to the Independent Chairperson and the Chief Executive Officer .

One on one discussions The Independent Chairperson discusses the aggregated feedback on the Board, each committee, and each individual director with each director via individual one on one meetings encouraging candid discussion about the performance of the Board, each committee, and each director .

Summary review and feedback The Independent Chairperson reviews the summary and results of the evaluation process with the Nominating and Governance Committee at its next regular meeting .

The Nominating and Governance Committee reports to and leads a discussion with the Board in executive session regarding the performance and effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and each director .

Using the summary and evaluation results as a guide, the Independent Chairperson leads a discussion with the Board about possible focus areas and proposed actions, which are then communicated to the company’s senior management, as appropriate .

Ongoing efforts The Board implements and monitors any agreed upon next steps and is encouraged to provide real time feedback throughout the year outside of the formal evaluation process .

Board and committee executive sessions are held at every regular meeting to identify any related issues and review the status of proposed actions .

The Board assesses the progress made in areas targeted for improvement from the prior year’s evaluation as part of its annual self assessment process .

The ESG issues identified in our assessment are important to the long term success of our business and our business strategy .

As such, and as appropriate, they are overseen by Uber’s Board of Directors and the Board’s independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees .

Below is a high level summary of how the Board and its committees have overseen these key issues in 2021 and early 2022 .

Audit Committee: Audit Committee reporting and or sessions about a variety of ethics and compliance matters, including integrity helpline metrics and a review of our risk profile including, without limitation, with respect to cybersecurity and privacy matters conducting threat environment and vulnerability assessments, managing cyber incidents, pursuing projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, and working closely with our privacy and cybersecurity legal team .

Compensation Committee: Amended our Compensation Committee charter to clarify that DEI is under the purview of the Compensation Committee .

Nominating and Governance Committee: Amended our corporate governance guidelines to explicitly incorporate Nominating and Governance Committee oversight of directors’ external Board commitments, including Board chair and lead director roles on public company boards, and an annual review of such commitments to ensure such commitments do not impair directors’ ability to serve on our Board .

Climate change: Uber’s Board of Directors and Nominating and Governance Committee periodically receive updates on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning climate and emissions related developments, and they receive reports on Uber’s climate change commitments .

Uber’s SVP of Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of Marketing and Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change related issues and policies within the company .

These executives oversee the work of the Global Head of Sustainability, who is responsible for measuring Uber’s emissions footprint, evaluating potential related business and regulatory risks (such as limits on emissions), and assessing options for emissions reduction .

Uber’s Executive Leadership Team reviews Uber’s major climate commitments and endorses emissions reduction programs .

COVID 19 response: Each of our committees continued to provide oversight over their areas of responsibility as it related to the pandemic .

For example, the Compensation Committee, in exercising its oversight of human capital management, provided oversight with respect to, among other things, employee well being and support, workforce reductions and attrition, and the transition to remote and flexible work in the context of the pandemic as well as guidance on return to office policies which continued to evolve through the course of the pandemic .

The Nominating and Governance Committee provided oversight during the pandemic with respect to stockholder feedback on a range of sustainability and related matters including our response to COVID 19, while also overseeing the addition of four new directors since the start of 2020 .

The Audit Committee also continued to provide oversight over the impact of, and our response to, the pandemic as it related to various aspects of overall risk management including impact on our global compliance and enterprise risk management efforts .

The Board and its committees maintained all regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, and held additional special meetings as needed, throughout the pandemic .

Driver and courier well being: Uber’s Board of Directors considers the well being and status of drivers and couriers, in some form, at nearly every Board meeting .

Driver and courier satisfaction, retention, and classification are among the issues considered by the Board when evaluating Uber’s risk management processes and when guiding strategy or reviewing major plans of action .

The Compensation Committee tied executive compensation for our most senior executives to the achievement of driver and courier satisfaction and retention metrics in addition to safety improvement metrics .

Employee diversity, equity, inclusion, and culture: The Board receives quarterly reports from the Office of Diversity and Inclusion regarding Uber’s progress toward its diversity goals .

There is also an annual organizational review that includes succession planning and a talent review .

The Compensation Committee considers diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) metrics when developing compensation plans and includes DEI and cultural goals as metrics in the compensation for Uber’s most senior executives .

The Compensation Committee also receives summaries of employee engagement survey results and related matters .

At the management level, our CEO meets with each of his direct reports quarterly to review progress against DEI operating targets and plans .

The CEO also meets with our employee resource group (ERG) leaders regularly, including once a year with all ERG leads together to review plans and budget requests .

Ethics and compliance: The Board and its committees play a critical role in overseeing how we develop and maintain the workplace culture that we want .

Uber’s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) and our Global Head of Internal Audit meet with the Audit Committee quarterly regarding the state of compliance and ethics, internal investigations, and the operation of the company’s Integrity Helpline .

Aspects of the compliance and ethics program are incorporated into the performance evaluations of executive officers, while company culture is overseen by the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee .

The CECO and the Global Head of Internal Audit report to the CLO and CFO, respectively, and work with the company’s executive leadership team (ELT) as part of our enterprise risk management program .

Working with the ELT and the Audit Committee, the CECO is responsible for implementing an ethical culture throughout the business and ensuring the continuous enhancement of the global compliance program .

Local impact: Uber’s Board of Directors periodically receives updates on emerging policies at the local, state, and national levels .

The Board also receives reports from executive leadership on city specific and regional commitments .

The Board has regular discussions with senior management regarding media coverage and regulatory, legislative, and public sentiment involving Uber .

User safety: Uber’s Board of Directors receives updates on user safety at least twice a year .

The Compensation Committee has tied executive compensation for our most senior executives to the achievement of safety metrics, including reducing safety incidents and increasing transparency and trust .

Privacy and cybersecurity: The Board oversees the senior management team’s efforts to address cybersecurity and data privacy risks .

Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer provides quarterly reports to the Audit Committee and is responsible for a range of cybersecurity activities .

In addition, the Audit Committee annually reviews Uber’s risk profile with respect to cybersecurity matters .

Our Chief Privacy Officer provides reports to the Board annually and as requested from time to time .

Foster and enable a culture of ethical decision making.

Promote compliance with applicable laws, regulations, internal policies, and best practices.

To achieve this mission, the Ethics and Compliance team has built and maintains a comprehensive program of policies, processes, and controls to prevent, detect, and respond to conduct that is unlawful or unethical or violates Uber’s policies, and to monitor company risks so the program can continuously evolve and improve .

The cornerstone of our comprehensive program is our Business Conduct Guide, (BCG), which provides our employees with clear expectations for the proper course of action when faced with ethical decisions .

Within 30 days of hire, every Uber employee is required to complete training on and acknowledge our BCG .

The training and acknowledgment are then repeated every 2 years .

We have a suite of compliance policies and procedures that are specific and address identified risk areas, including the Third Party Anti Corruption Due Diligence Policy, Corporate Policy on Conflicts of Interest, Policy Against Bribery and Corruption, Political Activity Policy, Lobbying Policy, and Competitive Intelligence Policy .

In November 2021, we revised our BCG to include sections on equity and sustainability, highlighting our newly adopted Human Rights and Environmental Policies .

Many of our ethics and compliance policies have their own internal online home, and employees are invited by our Chief Ethics Compliance Officer in company wide communications to access frequently asked questions, one page learning aids, and optional mini training modules .

Additionally, we have built an external facing Integrity Page to ensure that key policies such as the BCG are visible and accessible to the world .

Training: A key element of our comprehensive program is our risk based ethics and compliance training curriculum that assigns training to employees based on the risk level of their role, location, and management responsibility, including live training and customized online training modules beyond the standard curriculum .

All training is translated into languages other than English to maximize comprehension by employees .

Employees are rewarded for completing their compliance acknowledgement and training requirements in a timely manner .

Currently, 15,225 employees have been rewarded with the Ethics Compliance Champion designation after completing a specific suite of ethics and compliance training courses .

In Latin America, almost 60 employees have received training in our Heroes program .

They support the Ethics and Compliance function by conducting training, facilitating related conversations, and acting as program ambassadors .

These individuals facilitate increased compliance and ethics knowledge at all levels of Uber and augment the team’s reach as compliance liaisons in each LatAm business unit or subregion .

Risk assessments: To continually improve our global compliance program and align our program priorities to critical risks facing the company, our Ethics and Compliance team conducts periodic independent external assessments as well as internal risk assessments .

Uber’s compliance risk assessment approach involves surveying employees at all levels across the globe to gauge awareness for compliance topics and perceived risk on 18 risk areas .

In 2021, we expanded this assessment to include operational risks .

The results of the risk assessment informed our 2022 compliance program enhancements, including, for example, employee communications and new intranet assets around confidentiality, privacy, and data security .

Uber encourages our employees to act like owners and take an active role in protecting the company from risks .

Every year during Ethics Compliance Week, we refresh our commitment to supporting a stand up, speak up culture .

We raise awareness for the Integrity Helpline and encourage our employees and third parties to speak up if they have a concern or if they see something they believe is inconsistent with our cultural values or policies .

This awareness effort is coordinated with Ethics Compliance teams across the globe and within newly acquired entities .

In 2021, we featured panel discussions with and for managers globally to reinforce Uber’s commitment to doing the right thing with their teams while protecting from retaliation .

We also hosted firesides to discuss ESG topics and ethics in artificial intelligence and to hear company leadership, including our CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, discuss compliance, ethics, and acting with integrity .

Integrity Helpline: Our Integrity Helpline is run by an independent third party and is accessible in most languages .

Anyone anywhere at any time can access our Integrity Helpline to raise a concern or report a suspected violation of our policies, procedures, or the law .

We publicize the Helpline in our employee facing policies and trainings, and we provide a link to the Helpline on the company’s intranet and internet sites .

When publicizing the Helpline, we reinforce that Uber strictly prohibits retaliation for good faith reporting to the Integrity Helpline or to any resource .

A report can be made anonymously, whether by phone or online .

Reports are investigated, and any necessary disciplinary and or remedial action is taken as appropriate .

We maintain metrics of Integrity Helpline effectiveness, including our intake and responsiveness .

Anti corruption: We oppose corruption in all its forms .

Corruption corrodes the social fabric of society and undermines people’s trust in the political system, in its institutions, and in its leadership .

Corruption affects societies politically, economically, socially, and environmentally .

Our global compliance program is built on the essential elements of an effective compliance program as defined by the US DOJ FCPA Compliance Program hallmarks, the UK Bribery Act 2010 Guidance, and the Good Statistical Practice endorsed by the Organization for Economic Co operation and Development .

Third party risk management: We have designed our mergers and acquisitions due diligence procedures to help ensure a proper focus on pre acquisition due diligence and post acquisition integration of acquired entities to maintain our strong ethics and compliance culture .

We maintain a global Supplier Code of Conduct in the spirit of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work that sets forth the expectation for suppliers working on our behalf to comply with all laws and to act ethically and with integrity at all times .

Additionally, we have a risk based, automated third party due diligence program that assesses all third parties for corruption and bribery risks before they’re onboarded .

This program helps ensure that the organizations we work with engage in ethical business practices .

The years 2020 and 2021 were an unprecedented period, and their impact on our business was significant .

To help support Uber’s COVID 19 pandemic response efforts, our Ethics and Compliance team innovated on compliance protocols and leveraged our due diligence procedures and internal controls to complete diligence on potential recipient organizations, including NGOs and state owned entities at the front lines of the COVID management response .

This was done to identify, detect, and mitigate fraud and reputational risks and ensure that appropriate entities were the recipients of our aid and were accountable for using it responsibly .

Political activities: Uber responsibly participates in federal, state, and local public policy discussions on matters that may affect our business .

We participate in a nonpartisan way to help shape public policy and advocate for government action that is consistent with our ethics and supports our business objectives .

In 2020, Uber formally added oversight of political activities and lobbying to the charter of the Board of Directors’ Nominating and Governance Committee .

In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in EMEA launched an Interaction with Public Officials Policy in 2021 by expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions with government officials .

Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC launched a similar policy in Q1 2022 .

These efforts included in person training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the landscape of regulations .

Integration with underlying systems enabling automated access to data (Oracle, Coupa, etc.

Application of risk logic and assignment of risk scores.

Risk based workflows, including mandatory review of all high risk transactions.

Implementation of dashboards for effective monitoring and reporting.

Privacy is not limited to notices and policies at Uber .

We are continually investing in our mission to be a trusted steward of our users’ personal data in every market where we operate, and in living up to our Privacy Principles as our products, processes, and businesses evolve .

So while we’ve had privacy settings in our apps for years, in 2022 Uber demonstrated our commitment to, and leadership in, data privacy by releasing a series of privacy and security features to help users understand and control how we use their data .

This in app hub, located on the web and in the Settings menu of the Uber, Uber Driver, and Uber Eats apps, makes it easier than ever for our users to understand how we use their data to enable convenient and safe transportation and deliveries, and how to manage settings in their control .

Within the Privacy Center, users can explore a summary of their use of Uber, request a copy of their data, view the information that drivers can see about riders, manage their advertising preferences, and exercise personal data rights .

All these privacy products and more couldn’t serve our global users without a cross functional and diverse team around the world collaborating on designing and building them .

This team consists of a broad variety of individuals across our Legal, Policy, Design, Data Protection, Applied Science, Product, Security, and Engineering teams who have 2 things in common: they’re passionate about protecting user data, and they’re committed to doing the right thing .

But data privacy is a shared responsibility of all employees Uber builds awareness of and expertise in data privacy and security topics by conducting employee training .

This includes annual general training for all employees and a variety of in depth role based trainings for other employees, including our company wide Privacy Champions, who volunteer to serve as additional privacy resources .

In addition to our Privacy Center, Uber has built and continues to build a variety of features that protect users’ privacy.

In app chat and calls that avoid disclosure of users’ personal phone numbers.

Address anonymization to obscure precise rider pickup and dropoff details from driver receipts post trip.

Profile data expiration to remove drivers’ personal data from rider receipts after a trip ends and the data is no longer needed.

Rider notification preferences so that riders can manage how they receive in app marketing and trip related messages from Uber.

Location preferences to provide greater transparency and control.

Cross street pickup and delivery for users who prefer not to input a specific address.

To protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of user data, we’ve built a robust information security program that is based on the industry recognized ISO 27001 2 framework and includes written policies, processes, and standards designed to protect and secure Uber’s data environment .

Uber has continued to maintain ISO 27001 certification for its enterprise business line (Uber for Business, Central, and Uber Health) since 2019 and its core rides business .

Additionally, Uber maintains an SOC 2 certification and was assessed by an independent assessor against NIST 800 171 for our Uber for Business commercial offerings to become approved as a US government contract service .

We evaluate the health and effectiveness of our information security program through ongoing assessments, monitoring, and testing .

Risk assessments are conducted through external third party engagements (including ISO, SOC 2, pen tests, and security maturity capability assessments), internal audits, and other internal assessment programs .

We monitor risks through regular leadership meetings, where different security teams present key metrics and progress associated with assigned objectives .

Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Chief Privacy Officer chair the Privacy and Cybersecurity Council, which provides cross functional oversight of the company’s privacy and cybersecurity operations .

Uber’s CISO presents quarterly on cyber risk to the Executive Leadership Team, which includes Uber’s CEO and his direct reports .

The Audit Committee of Uber’s Board of Directors reviews the overall cybersecurity program quarterly .

Uber’s full Board of Directors also receives a cybersecurity update annually .

Engaging with law enforcement: Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team, made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

Uber also has a law enforcement portal, where public safety officials can quickly and securely submit legal process documents to request trip data and other information that may be critical in investigating potential criminal cases .

Uber’s Public Safety Response team handles these data requests and works with investigators to help them get the information they need through valid legal processes .

This team works diligently, 24 7, to handle emergencies and data requests after receiving subpoenas, court orders, or search warrants .

Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed in scope to address the important need and disclose only what is necessary in response to the applicable legal process .

Every year, we produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how we responded to them in certain markets .

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report highlights our perspectives on the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues that matter most to our business and our stakeholders, including investors, employees, and cities, and the drivers, couriers, merchants, and consumers who use our platform to connect with work, food, goods, families, and friends.

These enduring relationships based on integrity, accountability, and respect empower us to reimagine the way the world moves for the better.

The report is intended to provide a high level overview of Uber’s views on, approach to, and performance on key ESG issues.

Data is as of December 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted.

The narratives in the report may cover issues through July 2022.

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues .

We performed a materiality assessment to inform our ESG reporting and strategy .

This assessment was originally completed in June 2020 amid the active COVID 19 pandemic, a divisive political environment, civil unrest regarding systemic racism and inequality, and a deeply recessed global economy .

The assessment captured the ESG issues deemed to be of greatest relative importance to Uber as of that time, and the results continue to form the basis of our ESG reporting .

The ESG materiality assessment was designed to identify the most relevant, or material, issues from an ESG perspective, which is a broader standard than that used in our financial disclosures .

The use of material when referring to ESG topics throughout our reporting is intended to flag the most important issues from our ESG assessment .

It does not speak to the materiality of those issues to Uber as a whole .

Our ESG reporting is informed by the standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) .

We also describe ways in which our core operations and social impact activities contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) .

As part of our corporate commitment to continual improvement, we will build on ESG content and analysis in future iterations of our ESG reporting .

This report may contain forward looking statements regarding our future business expectations, which involve risks and uncertainties .

Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance .

Forward looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, hope, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms .

Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements .

These risks, uncertainties, and other factors relate to, among others: the outcome of a tax case before the UK tax authority related to classification as a transportation provider developments in the COVID 19 pandemic and the impact on our business and operations competition managing our growth and corporate culture financial performance investments in new products or offerings our ability to attract drivers, consumers, and partners to our platform our brand and reputation and other legal and regulatory developments and proceedings, particularly with respect to our relationships with drivers and couriers .

In addition, other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted include, among others, those risks and uncertainties included under the captions Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and subsequent Form 10 Qs and Form 8 Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .

Information in this report is based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of publication .

We undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law .

Greenhouse gas emissions data in this report has been verified by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance.

In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) makes annual traffic fatality information available to the public through the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) .

The motor vehicle fatality data in Uber’s US Safety Report is built off the data standards established by FARS .

Each fatal crash in the Uber dataset was reconciled to a fatal crash in the FARS database .

For a fatal motor vehicle crash to be included in the Safety Report, the crash must have involved the vehicle of at least one driver using the Uber platform and the death of at least one person within 30 days of the crash .

Fatal crashes are included in the US Safety Report regardless of whether the deceased party was an Uber user or whether a driver using the Uber platform or their vehicle was the cause of the crash or was carrying the deceased parties .

Please view the Methodology’ chapter of Uber’s US Safety Report for more information on these metrics .

For a detailed review of safety policies, processes, and data, please view Uber’s US Safety Report.

Non consensual kissing of a non sexual body part Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed, licked, or bit, or forced a kiss, lick, or bite on any non sexual body part (e .g ., hand, leg, thigh) of the user .

Non consensual touching of a sexual body part Defined as: Without explicit consent from the user, someone touched or forced a touch on any sexual body part (breast, genitalia, mouth, buttocks) of the user .

Attempted non consensual penetration Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone attempted to penetrate the vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object .

Includes removal of and attempted removal of another person’s clothing to attempt to access a sexual body part will be classified as attempted non consensual penetration .’ This also includes attempted penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part however, it excludes kissing with tongue or attempts to kiss with tongue .

Non consensual kissing of a sexual body part Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed or forced a kiss on either the breast or buttocks of the user .

This would include kissing on the lips or kissing while using tongue .

Non consensual sexual penetration Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone penetrated, no matter how slight, the vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object .

This includes penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part .

For more information, please view Uber's US Safety Report.

Our team may work with the requesting report were the WRI WBCSD Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol .

This includes the following material GHGs: CO2 (carbon dioxide), N2O (nitrous oxide), and CH4 (methane) .

The following emission conversion factor sources are used in calculations: Natural gas combustion emission factors: EPA Center employees and interns .

Previously also included NeMo and employee engagement survey sent to all full time employees .

The survey is used to gauge employee sentiment and enable organization wide planning .

Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008 (compiled 1 July 2021) .

Factor NGA workbook (where applicable), published Aug 2021 .

Purchased electricity UK: 2021 UK Government conversion factors for Company reporting .

International Energy Agency Emission Factors 2020 .

Scope 2 emissions are calculated from electricity consumption data .

Where data were not available, assumptions race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total men and women in were applied .

The greenhouse gas emissions data disclosed in this report have selected org .

This is extremely rare for fatalities, automated decision making .

The data presented in this report includes incident reports reported on or before April 15, 2022 .

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self report race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total employees in selected org .

This is extremely rare for fatalities, but this means that the data could change over time .

December 31, 2021, for external hires only (internal transfers excluded) .

Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races .

The number represented here is an aggregate of records and estimates from these companies.

To learn more about our process and requirements for responding to law enforcement requests in the US, see Uber’s Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities .

Uber gives an extensive overview of information provided to federal and state regulators and law enforcement agencies in the US and Canada here .

It is distinct from the number of users whose information was requested .

We use disclosed to reflect that requests are not necessarily or consistently account based .

ESG Section from 2021, ESG Section from 2021, Draft.

This report includes metrics responsive to the recommendations of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) .

Because no one set of industry reporting standards encompasses the full scope of Uber’s business model, we have included applicable reporting standards from both the SASB Internet Media and Services and SASB Road Transportation standards .

In some cases we have made modifications or omissions to these reporting standards to better reflect Uber’s actual operations and the data that is available for consistent, quality measurement and reporting .

We have also provided information responsive to aspects of the all sector recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures on governance, strategy, risk management, metrics, and targets .

We expect to continue building on this work in future versions of the report .

Discussion of long term and short term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets .

Governance Disclose the organization’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities .

Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material .

Risk management Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate related risks .

Metrics and targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material .

Also see the Climate Assessment and Performance Report, SPARK report and our climate change commitments pp.

Also see the Climate Assessment and Performance Report, SPARK report and our climate change commitments pp.

Uber proudly contributes to many of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) .

Due to the nature of our business and operations, we primarily contribute to 9: Good Health and Well Being Gender Equality Affordable and Clean Energy Decent Work and Economic Growth Reduced Inequalities Sustainable Cities and Communities Climate Action Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions and Partnerships for the Goals .

The following pages include a few examples of Uber’s contributions to the goals, with an emphasis on our contributions in 2021 and the early part of 2022 .

US: Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy .

US: Uber teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access Fund in the US .

This 11 million initiative lets us fund even more rides for communities in need .

Specifically, it addresses health inequities by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where people from underserved parts of the country can learn about the vaccine from trusted contacts .

Global: In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world so they could travel to get vaccinated .

Global: We partner with leading insurance companies to offer a range of protection solutions, including on app coverage for accidents and injuries while working and in some markets, income protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness .

Internal: At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, resulting in spaces that support the health of both people and planet .

Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL certifications across numerous locations .

Internal: Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s culture .

Our benefits offering provides market specific choice, gives access to robust mental health and family building programs, and encourages overall employee well being, all with the employee experience at the core .

US: As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women were able to rely on app based work for flexible earning opportunities especially food and grocery delivery .

During 2021, the number of women working on the Uber platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre pandemic levels .

Global: We are diligent about tracking our demographic data and holding ourselves accountable for improving representation of women globally and underrepresented people (URP) in the US year over year .

Global: In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes across race and gender demographics .

For the last 2 years (2020 and 2021), women at Uber globally earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions .

United Kingdom: We’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

US: As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces are matched with 100% renewable electricity .

We accomplished this with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in Texas, which Uber helped finance through a 12 year virtual power purchase agreement .

Global: We’re working with industry leaders across the globe to find easy and affordable ways to help drivers go electric .

Global: Through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in New York, San Francisco, and Italy have set a global precedent for Uber and taxis working together .

US: Our Uber Transit partnership with Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, and medical appointments for addiction program participants .

US: We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, providing 20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat Local campaign, which included 4 .5 million in small business relief grants administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which were minority owned .

Global: Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want .

Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest open platforms for work, offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 10,000 cities .

Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people used Uber’s platform to earn .

In total, they generated over US 150 billion in earnings, excluding tips .

Global: Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real time control over their working hours, times, and locations .

There are no negotiations or minimum hours, only reasonable constraints on maximum hours to promote safety and comply with local regulations .

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

We believe that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work Earnings Fair and transparent earning opportunities Benefits and protections Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work Voice Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback Growth Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections .

We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and innovative approaches to dialogue .

Global: We’re committed to capturing the diverse perspectives of people who earn on our platform, listening to their opinions, and addressing and supporting their needs .

During 2021, we held over 300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers and couriers around the world and conducted more than 50 surveys to gather feedback .

Internal: Uber aims to have a safe, healthy, sustainable work environment for all employees, contractors, and guests that will empower them to do their best work while reimagining the way the world moves for the better .

Internal: Uber has been recognized in Mexico as a Most Ethical Company for 2 years in a row, and we have obtained Purple Campaign certification for our Global Anti harassment Program .

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

US: In 2020, Uber committed 10 million over the following 2 years to support Black owned businesses through programs with Black owned businesses directly and through partnerships with Black owned restaurants on Uber Eats .

Global: Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and countries they serve .

They include professional drivers, veterans, students, parents returning to work, people supplementing a primary income, and everything in between .

US and Brazil: Uber rolled out anti racism and unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US .

Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to develop training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform .

US: During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique role and responsibility to help fight racism and, particularly, its disparate impact on the Black community .

The commitments are organized under 4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting racism with technology, driving equity in the community, and sustaining equity and belonging for all .

US: Uber Transit supplements fixed route service and improves paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the US and beyond .

US: We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s ability to maintain service across its 700 mile service area through a partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to transit hubs through their app .

US: Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial employment center outside Chicago, to provide first last mile connections to transit and late night service across multiple transit agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program .

US: We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across North America .

Global: Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services can now be accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities worldwide .

Global: In response to the quick return to pre pandemic traffic levels in cities around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion .

In it, we explored the role that Uber and road users play, introduced principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely single occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part to help reduce congestion .

Uber actively partners with companies and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single occupant vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to support choosing green .

United Kingdom: Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 10% of the vehicle kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio across major European cities on the platform .

Global: Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

Global: We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety organizations, and crime prevention organizations to ensure that we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices .

We are proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs and initiatives .

Global: Uber is the first and only global mobility tech company to commit 800 million in total resources to help hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to EVs .

To date, we have provided 245 million through a combination of direct incentives, savings from partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, designed to support vehicle acquisition .

UK: We’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

Global: In 2021, we published an Environmental Policy, which covers our oversight around core areas such as emissions, energy, water, materials, chemicals and waste, products, suppliers and contractors, engagements, and mergers and acquisitions .

US: Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services in response to disasters and to help with recovery .

Uber continued to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, feeding first responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber Freight .

In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, and other essential supplies to communities in distress .

Global: We’re aiming to be net zero by 2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions .

As part of getting there we have set an ambitious goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger mobility platform to be completed in zero emission vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and by 2040 in every market we operate in globally .

Global: To help reduce the higher total cost of ownership (TCO) and accelerate an equitable transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: education, incentives, savings, and advocacy .

Our December 2021 update and concurrently released Climate Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an in depth review of the initial actions we’re taking, investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

US United Kingdom: Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario specific data with Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities across Uber in specific geographies .

EMEA: Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with 1 million to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary housing, and other immediate needs upon arrival in the US .

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

Global: We’ve doubled down on programs that enable groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on behalf of their communities so that we can make meaningful changes .

After a successful launch in Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program through which drivers and couriers elect other drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) to all 50 states .

We meet regularly with driver and courier associations in many countries and regions, including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington State (US) .

We also engage with unions in several places, including France and the UK .

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

We believe that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work Earnings Fair and transparent earning opportunities Benefits and protections Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work Voice Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback Growth Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections .

We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and innovative approaches to dialogue .

Global: In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in EMEA launched an Interaction with Public Officials Policy in 2021 by expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions with government officials .

Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC launched a similar policy in Q1 2022 .

These efforts included in person training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the landscape of regulations .

US and Canada: Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed in scope to address the important need and disclose only what is necessary in response to the applicable legal process .

Every year, we produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how we responded to them in certain markets .