This report includes financial and nonfinancial information from The Progressive Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Progressive) about environmental, social, and governance (ESG) activities for the 2022 calendar year, unless otherwise noted.

Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

For further information about how our existing disclosures align with these standards, please refer to the applicable indices in the Appendix.

This report uses certain terms, including those that the reporting frameworks, SASB and TCFD, refer to as Material Topics to reflect the issues of greatest importance to Progressive and our stakeholders but is not intended to communicate any material investment information.

Used in this context, these terms should not be confused with terms such as material or materiality, as defined by or construed in accordance with U.S. securities laws or as used in the context of U.S. GAAP financial statements and financial reporting.

Governance Committee of The Progressive Corporation’s Board of Directors, executive leadership, and various subject matter experts.

All numerical figures in this report corresponding to 2022 data, including, without limitation, those relating to emissions data, reflect methodologies and assumptions believed to be reasonable and accurate.

The data in this report are not guarantees of future performance and no assurances can be given that any plan, initiative, projection can or will be achieved.

A selection of artwork from Progressive’s extensive Art Collection is presented throughout this report.

The Progressive Art Collection showcases exceptional artistic achievement in line with Progressive’s Core Values.

It offers a dynamic work environment that promotes an open mind to what is unknown and different.

Co. featured images are used with permission and subject to copyrights of their respective owners.

This report provides an overview of some of Progressive’s long term goals and aspirations, and efforts in support of these goals and aspirations.

Investors are cautioned that certain statements in this report, region.

Her work explores how we create (or recreate) structure, stability, and including those relating to our goals and aspirations, not based upon historical fact are forward looking community in our towns and cities.

While these worlds often look like they are on the brink of falling apart, they are not negative visions.

Instead, the statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Any forward looking statements are made only as of the date presented.

Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.

These new disclosures shed more light on known it was a special company.

Sustainability company should be with the world around an ambitious aspiration to double the has been an integral part of our business us.

We believe the effort we put into representation of people of color in our because it’s part of who we are and as sustainability is one of the many key areas company’s senior leadership from 10% such, we’ve had many sustainability to helping others live fully.

We set this programs in place long before ESG became a buzzword.

Of course, our tenets of sustainability have evolved naturally over time as we work not only to grow our business, but also to support our customers, community, and employees.

Despite embarking down this road for our own reasons, it’s been gratifying to see external parties come to acknowledge our progress in sustainability, including seeing our progress reflected in independent ESG ratings.

There’s always more to do, but it’s great to see Progressive emerging as a leader in yet another category.

This past year, we wanted to ensure our efforts in these areas are completely transparent, so we completed the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) aspiration to help measure the success of our efforts to attract, retain, and develop a broad and diverse pool of exceptional talent.

DEI has been central to our culture for well over a decade now, and it’s exciting to see our investments continue to pay off.

This past year, we also made improvements to continue disclosing our efforts through to our Supplier Code of Conduct, which the CDP moving forward.

I’m also thrilled outlines the standards of behavior we to say that the most visible example of our expect from our suppliers, namely those sustainability efforts the solar array at our providing goods or services to Progressive.

We also enhanced the disclosures and our fourth is especially meaningful for complete and fully operational.

As I’ve said transparency in this report around me, because we recently announced our before, I know I’m not alone in feeling a our Ethics and Compliance program.

Keys to Progress veteran vehicle giveaway program.

I’m sure I speak for our 55,000 plus employees when I say this accomplishment fills me with pride and emotion.

I think makes our people so special as we continue striving for a better tomorrow.

Progressive 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report 2023 Progressive Casualty Ins.

Co. featured images are used with permission and subject to copyrights of their respective owners.

At Progressive, we see sustainability as part of the value we bring to our customers, communities, employees, agent partners, and shareholders.

We’re dedicated to creating a better world for all of our stakeholders.

Report marks Progressive’s fourth annual publication.

That initial effort was a great start to reporting on our sustainability journey, and we acknowledge the commitment we made to continuous improvement at that time.

Sustainability Reports in order, the growth across the ESG spectrum is evident.

Progressive’s strong culture continues to drive our mission forward.

We aim to take a forward looking approach to everything we do, from the products we offer to the way we interact with the world around us.

As our efforts evolve with the world around us, we expect to adapt our sustainability reporting.

Our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report maintains the practice of continuous improvement.

Ethics and Corporate Decision Making section to augment our governance story, which is grounded in our Core Values.

Conduct, which clarifies our expectations for our suppliers, namely those providing goods or services to Progressive.

Finally, throughout this Corporate Sustainability Report, we’ve expanded our discussion and shared new stories to highlight how sustainability is embedded in our business and culture.

As we’ve said frequently in the past, we are proud of our accomplishments, but acknowledge there’s more work to do and that we’ll continually seek ways to expand upon our sustainability impact.

Corporate Sustainability Report represents a moment in time but is an opportunity to celebrate our wins and realign our goals for the coming year.

We encourage readers to periodically review our financial statements, press releases, and governance documents for other disclosures as the year unfolds.

Building a brand with relevant messages that resonate with consumers customers want to interact with us environmental outcomes.

Helping customers select the best insurance for their needs and keeping them apprised about their coverages.

Applying procurement policies that support the right combination of price, service, and value.

Meeting the evolving needs of our customers through investments across our Three Horizons.

To us, Corporate Responsibility is akin to living our Core Values.

We work to drive sustainable change for our shareholders, employees, communities, and the millions of customers who trust us to protect what is important to them.

Governance Committee annually reviews these guidelines and submits any changes deemed appropriate to the full Board for its consideration.

Statement for a discussion of significant corporate governance practices, which we designed to support sustained value creation for our shareholders.

The Board generally discusses strategic topics at each Board meeting, and the Board and management annually participate together in a separate strategy session.

Our Board of Directors is ultimately accountable for overseeing Progressive’s risk profile and its risk management processes.

To facilitate these oversight responsibilities, the Board assigns certain risk oversight to each of its main committees through each committee’s charter, which enables the Board to function more effectively.

The whole Board is required to focus only on those risk issues deemed most critical by the applicable committee.

The committees provide a deeper focus on overseeing management with respect to the full range of risks we confront.

Each committee regularly reports to the full Board on the risks that it oversees.

The Board’s Chairperson consults with the committee Chairs, as necessary, to ensure that significant risk issues are brought to the attention of the full Board.

Other than the Executive Committee, each committee’s specific risk oversight responsibilities are summarized on the following page.

Progressive has a very well developed risk management process and risk framework that is used to identify and monitor the risks in the business, articulate risk appetites and track risk mitigation activities.

It is a living document under constant review and amendment as conditions change.

The Audit Committee oversees risks relating to financial statements, financial controls, internal and external audit functions, and external reporting.

In addition, the committee oversees our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program which is conducted by our Management Risk Committee (MRC) and the full Board receives an update at least annually.

These responsibilities include the review of the guidelines, policies, and procedures that govern how we assess and manage our exposure to risk, and meeting periodically with management.

This includes meeting with leaders and other representatives of the risk management department, compliance and ethics group, law department, internal audit, physical and information security group, external auditors, and other business units, as necessary, to review our major operational, financial, reputational, and other risk exposures, as well as the steps management has taken to identify, monitor, assess, and mitigate such exposures.

MRC entails a broader focus than the other committees, the Audit Committee is not responsible for risks that are overseen by the other committees.

Major risk exposures not covered by another committee.

The Compensation Committee regularly reviews any major risks arising from our compensation plans and programs, and executive and director compensation decisions.

The committee also oversees several aspects of our human capital management strategies as well as our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) efforts and related risks.

They exercise this responsibility through discussions with management on these topics.

The Investment and Capital Committee oversees our investment policy, which is designed to enable us to meet our business and financial objectives with a reasonable balance among risk, return, and cost.

The committee is also responsible for ensuring we have a capital plan that takes risk factors into consideration and ensuring risk is appropriately taken into consideration in connection with proposed strategic investments, including mergers and acquisitions.

They exercise this responsibility through discussions with management on these topics.

The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing and addressing risks relating to the Board’s and Progressive’s governance practices, stakeholder concerns, and environmental (including climate change), and social factors and initiatives impacting us.

They exercise this responsibility through discussions on current corporate governance issues, risk oversight, shareholder engagement processes, and environmental and social issues, as well as Progressive’s current ESG efforts and reporting.

The committee further coordinates efforts relating to succession planning of executives and directors, assesses the qualifications and diversity of directors, and makes recommendations to the Board on potential candidates for election to the Board.

The committee also monitors the risk allocation among the committees.

The Technology Committee oversees the use of technology in Progressive’s business strategy as well as the related technology and information security risks, including digital and data strategies, legacy systems, technology investments, data privacy, cybersecurity programs, operational performance, and technology related business continuity and disaster recovery programs.

The committee also oversees management’s effort to mitigate these risks.

Use of technology in executing the company’s business strategies.

The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates each director candidate individually when considering whether they should be nominated to serve on the Board.

The Board’s policy is to include individuals with a wide variety of tenure, talents, skills, experiences, and perspectives, in addition to considering demographic criteria such as race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, nationality, age, and disability, whenever possible.

Board with broader perspectives, a wide array of thoughts and ideas, and insight into the views and priorities of our diverse investor, customer, agent, and employee bases.

The committee’s work in recruiting new members will continue to reflect their commitment to achieve such diversity.

We’re one of a few companies in the Fortune 500 with a female CEO, as well as a female independent Board chairperson.

Our directors include an appropriate mixture of long tenured and newer directors.

It is the Board’s job both to oversee the here and now and to focus on longer term opportunities and challenges, and our work in 2023 reflects those dual responsibilities at the same time, our annual program of work ensures that we spent ample time on three critical areas of long term Board oversight: strategy, the evolving risk environment, and the bench of leadership talent for the future.

The Board believes that it is desirable that the following experiences, qualifications, attributes, and skills be possessed by one or more of its Board members because of their particular relevance to Progressive’s business and structure.

For additional information regarding our current directors, review the information included in our 2023 Proxy Statement.

Audit and Compensation Committees also satisfies the additional requirements for independence under applicable SEC and NYSE rules.

Based on data as of March 27, 2023 for 12 director nominees at the May 12, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Progressive the duties of loyalty and due management under NYSE listing standards.

Progressive’s customers, employees, and number of public company boards.

To further ensure effective independent oversight, our non management directors meet in executive session periodically throughout the year, typically at the conclusion of regularly scheduled Board meetings.

Each committee also has the ability to meet in executive sessions at its discretion.

Multistakeholder Framework communities in which Progressive operates.

We are committed to meeting high standards of ethical behavior, corporate governance, and business conduct.

Please see our 2023 Proxy Statement for additional information with respect to our corporate governance structure, practices, and policies.

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include additional information with respect to our interactions with shareholders.

The basic responsibility of the directors is to see our 2023 Proxy Statement for additional exercise their business judgment to act in information with respect to shareholder what they reasonably believe to be the best rights and communications.

Co. featured images are used with permission and subject to copyrights of their respective owners.Progressive 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report Our Courage at our Core initiative focuses new ideas, report bad news, express on the theme of courage, especially moral disagreement, and raise concerns about courage, and the important role that potential misconduct.

We believe that courage plays in promoting a strong ethical this initiative sets an inspirational tone of culture and empowering employees to courage, developing positive momentum think differently, express diversity, offer to acknowledge and overcome fears.

Sound governance is an organizing principle at Progressive, starting with the Board and extending to management and all employees.

We promote an ethical culture by raising awareness of and modeling our ethical performance expectations at all levels throughout Progressive, starting at the top.

We strive to maintain an effective ethics and compliance program.

We work to foster an ethical culture by embedding expectations for behavior throughout the organization.

Code of Conduct, and sustain a strong ethical culture.

Celebrate Disagreement (2022): Designed model accountability within the organization, and empower our employees to make ethical decisions and escalate issues.

Our Core Values are the foundation for our Code of Business.

Conduct and Ethics (Code of Conduct), which provides clear expectations for all our people and confirms our commitment to high ethical standards and compliance with legal requirements.

We provide ethics training, as well as regular communications, video series, and outside speakers presenting themes such as Celebrate Disagreement and Courage at our Core, to emphasize our commitment to our ethical and legal responsibilities.

All employees are required to participate in an ethics awareness training event at least twice a year.

Core Conversations (2023): Created in response to data showing how leader led discussions of ethics and compliance topics help strengthen key cultural attributes, this mandatory, companywide program encourages leaders to have these discussions regularly.

The program includes scenario based discussion modules that incorporate a variety of case studies and include comprehensive facilitator guides for managers.

Our Ethics and Compliance team partnered livestream, to provide diverse perspectives on with the Art Education department to the theme of courage.

Core theme and the importance of good ethical decision making.

Tales from The Code, which features real situations that have been addressed and anonymized for publication.

The goal is to communicate relatable situations and offer concrete guidance on how employees should act in various situations.

Applying courage in everyday situations and emphasizing the importance of diversity of thought in spearheading innovation and progress.

Building leadership skills founded on ethics and values.

Embracing differences and working together to achieve more creative business solutions.

Our Ethics and Compliance team partners with our ERG’s to pursue shared goals, including building an inclusive environment and sustaining a strong ethical culture.

We use the Assessment to evaluate awareness of ethics and compliance expectations, perceptions of ethics and compliance training and communications, and willingness to report misconduct without fear of retaliation.

This Assessment also focuses on the key components of a strong ethical culture, including organizational justice and perceptions of peers, managers, and senior leaders.

Culture Assessment is our principal tool for evaluating our culture through data driven evidence to emphasize the importance of fostering, assessing, and monitoring an ethical culture.

We benchmark our results to compare the Progressive program to peer companies and gain actionable insights into the program, including the identification of potential risks.

The annual cadence allows us to monitor progress and organizational change.

Progressive’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is a comprehensive document that sets behavioral standards for Progressive people, states clearly what we expect of ourselves and each other, and confirms our commitment to high ethical standards and compliance with legal requirements.

Progressive’s Core Values serve as the foundation for the Code of Conduct.

Progressive’s commitment that, in all of our dealings, we will act with fairness, decency, and integrity, and in accordance with high ethical standards.

We vigorously investigate and address Code of Conduct violations, which may include terminating employees who violate our Code of Conduct.

Based on Progressive employee responses to the 2022 Ethical Culture Assessment.

Protecting third party property rights workers, shareholders, suppliers, and others.

Progressive’s Alertline is a confidential, toll free ethics and compliance hotline.

It provides a way for employees and others to raise a concern anonymously.

We are committed to fostering a culture of integrity and accountability within the organization.

Door Policy and the Alertline using signage, intranet postings, newsletter using progressivealertline.com, by telephone at 1 800 683 3604, or by QR code included below that links users directly to a mobile version of the Alertline intake site, designed for accessibility.

The Alertline is managed by an outside vendor to maintain articles, and videos.

The reporter can are published on a regular basis with at least four communications in 2022. provide their contact details or report an issue anonymously.

Each member of our workforce plays a critical role in reporting business and ethical concerns so that they can be addressed quickly and effectively.

Progressive policy which provides even more information for employees about reporting requirements.

Our Open Door Policy empowers every employee to reach out to their supervisor or any manager or human resource (HR) representative when they have a question or concern or they want to share an idea.

Progressive, and our Open Door Policy encourages everyone to report any inappropriate behavior or work related issue or concern.

While most issues can be resolved through open discussion with a manager, if discussion with a manager does not resolve the issue, the issue can be reported to a higher level manager or to an HR representative.

Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, including due diligence and training on officers, and employees, and Chief international bribery and corruption.

Officer (CFO), Chief Accounting Officer, a section on International Business Practices.

We deliver anti bribery and anti corruption available in the Governance Documents training to certain business groups, including, section of our Investor Relations website.

Legal, information technology (IT), and employees who work with vendors outside of the United States.

The training is required every three years on a rolling basis.

At Progressive, we have a screening program to comply with the Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions and requirements and applicable laws.

We frequently screen customers, vendors, employees, and claimants for specially designated nationals and blocked persons.

We take complaints very seriously and address them in a proper and timely manner.

Our Core Values define who we are our Purpose expresses why we’re here our Vision guides where we’re headed and our Strategy articulates how we’ll get there.

Because these cornerstones provide the context for our internal environment, they impact our risk management philosophy, risk appetite and tolerance, and key strategic activities.

We embed a risk culture within our company, ensuring that everyone is responsible for the management of risk.

Our risk culture and supporting framework embrace this continuously improving, growth oriented mindset while ensuring diligence and prudence in the pursuit of our strategic goals.

Our clear vision, values, and objectives empower our employees to take the necessary steps to protect our company and execute our strategy.

With formal processes to identify, catalog, prioritize, and communicate risk exposures across the organization, Progressive’s ERM program exemplifies this intersection of risk protection and strategy.

Using our risk framework, we have defined our risk tolerances, identified roles and responsibilities for managing risk and implemented a risk review and reporting structure.

Together, these risk management components ensure that all of Progressive’s people understand the shared responsibility we have to manage the risks we face.

Further, these components emphasize the connection between our responsibility and our continued success.

We assess how these risks may affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, as well as our ability to achieve our business objectives.

Liquidity: Risks that our financial condition financial leverage limits, and loss reserving will be adversely affected by the inability variation tolerances.

Risk owners monitor and to meet our short term cash, collateral, or typically report quarterly on adherence to our.

Operating: Risks stemming from external or internal events or circumstances that directly or indirectly may affect our insurance operations.

Market: Risks that may cause changes in the value of assets held in our investment portfolios other financial obligations and.

Credit and Other Financial: Risks that the other party to a transaction will fail to perform according to the terms of a contract, or that we will be unable to satisfy our obligations when due or obtain capital when necessary.

We identify areas of risk within each of these categories and use models to quantify the amount of economic capital required.

We quantify economic capital because it is an important input in assessing the adequacy of our capital resources.

Management Risk Committee (MRC), through even the most difficult economic assisted by a member of the Internal Audit and operational challenges.

We developed formal risk appetite and tolerance statements and aligned our statements with our strategy and key activities.

The risk tolerances and risk limits assist line managers in their day to day decision making and include profitability targets, investment policy guidelines, operating and established risk tolerances.

Score Card, which is distributed to select members of the Executive Team including the team.

The process approach is tailored to the needs of each business unit’s strategic planning process, but generally includes a deep dive evaluation to ensure significant risks are captured and ranked according to criticality and trend.

Business unit action plans are developed for areas with high residual risk (i.e., risk that remains after controls are in place).

Enterprise level critical risks identified in the business unit assessment process will automatically move to the Enterprise Risk Report.

Critical risks are those risks having the potential to alter our strategic objectives, impede our strategic activities, or materially impair our access to capital.

We review and update our effective, we continuously work to improve risk appetite and tolerance statements at least the quality of the models we use and the annually, or as needed, to keep up with our processes we have in place to identify and evolving business.

As part of the strategic planning process, business unit risk assessments are completed annually to identify risks that have the potential to impede strategic priorities or significantly impact operating results.

We report progress and changes we make to our ERM program annually to regulators and rating agencies.

Our Executive Team and Board of Directors has established clearly defined risk management accountabilities to ensure we effectively address risk.

Officer, and Chief Investment Officer serve activities, including risk assessments and as executive sponsors.

Several members of the MRC conduct, and all of the MRC participates in, our annual enterprise risk assessment and, with input from executive management, identifies the most critical risks facing the company.

The MRC then formulates recommendations for managing identified risks and presents these recommendations to the Audit Committee for review.

The Treasurer and Audit Business Leader provide an annual overview of the ERM program and our progress in managing key risks to the Audit Committee and the full Board of Directors.

Executive Team is tasked with the annual review of the enterprise risk assessment process itself, approving and ensuring the execution of action plans that have been developed to manage, mitigate, or transfer identified enterprise risk areas, and defining strategic initiatives.

As an insurer of weather related losses, we take a serious interest in our climate and its changes.

Changing climate conditions whether due to global climate change or other causes may change how often severe weather events and other natural disasters occur, how long they last, how much insured damage they cause, and where the events occur.

Therefore, the possibility of increasingly frequent or severe weather events is part of our risk based pricing process.

The risk management processes previously outlined include climate change.

Our MRC is charged with investment portfolio means we can assess understanding our climate related risks, our risks frequently (see our Annual Reports among other things.

Climate risk may often manifest as weather risk and as part of our risk management practice, we run both internally built and third party vendor catastrophe modeling tools to help estimate our exposure to weather risk by line of business, as well as on a per occurrence and aggregate basis.

Because we integrate this activity into our enterprise wide risk framework, we believe climate risk assessment and all the other risks we assess, could affect the long term strategy of the company as we continue to react to new information and adjust our plans.

At Progressive, we balance operating risk with investing and financing activity risk to ensure there is sufficient capital to support all the insurance we can profitably underwrite and service.

Because risks arise in all operational and functional areas, we assess them holistically to account for the offsetting and compounding effects of the separate sources of risk within Progressive.

We seek to deploy our capital in a prudent thousands of simulations, representing manner and use multiple data sources and our best estimates of such contingencies modeling tools to estimate the frequency, based on historical experience.

This severity, and correlation of identified capital is held either at a non insurance exposures, including, but not limited to, subsidiary of Progressive or in our catastrophic and other insured losses, natural insurance entities, where it is potentially disasters, and other significant business interruptions, to estimate our potential capital needs.

Management views our capital position as consisting of three layers, each with a specific size and purpose: eligible for a dividend to Progressive.

The first layer of capital is the amount or other securities, and pay dividends to shareholders, among other purposes.

This capital is largely held at a non insurance subsidiary of Progressive.

CMBS portfolio) directly invested in securities bond portfolio risk.

MSCI ESG Research backed by LEED Certified buildings.

An important consideration for corporate responsibility at Progressive is how we choose to invest our capital.

For our investment team, we’ve laid out goals of first, protecting our balance sheet in order to support our operating business and second, earning a strong risk adjusted total return.

ESG controversies to provide a single score for an organization.

MSCI rating, was invested in companies with an MSCI ESG Research Corporate Rating of BBB or better.

Research Corporate Rating of our corporate portfolio, we believe that, in addition to many bond portfolio is A.

Our corporate bond traditional considerations of fixed income portfolio includes 40.1 million in green investing, there is less risk in securities that bonds loans.

Therefore, we consider these assessments when evaluating investment decisions.

Similarly, we recently began tracking our investments in environmentally friendly buildings in our commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) portfolio.

To evaluate our investments, we have associated with fixed income investments leveraged the U.S. Green Building Council’s that score low on dimensions of corporate sustainability.

For example, we believe that companies with strong, diverse management teams tend to perform better over the longer term.

To further our understanding of long term risk related to corporate sustainability, we recently began tracking our investment mix as it relates to ESG risk, where available.

LEED 3 green building program, which is the preeminent program for the design, construction, maintenance, and operations of high performance green buildings.

Certain information in this section (c) MSCI ESG Research LLC.

Green bonds are identified by indicators on Bloomberg terminal machines.

LEED an acronym for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design is a registered trademark of the U.S. Green Building Council.

Tracking and evaluating ESG aspects in an investment portfolio is rapidly evolving.

We continue to monitor developments in this space.

Includes only investments in which the full collateral is LEED certified as identified by LEED data or individual security prospectuses.

Each bar represents the dollar percentage of bonds in each rating group.

Risks arising from negative public opinion toward Progressive’s brand and reputation.

Corporate Governance 22 in the marketplace and supports our expectations we have of contract workers ability to bring innovative products to our and provides them with ways to report consumers.

Our Procurement organization any inappropriate behavior that may be focuses on identifying suppliers who offer observed or experienced in the course of quality products and services at a market our relationship.

In addition, we endeavor include supplier employees who work at to engage with suppliers who we believe will a Progressive location or who work closely value and maintain high standards of social with Progressive employees, systems, responsibility as outlined in our Supplier customers, or confidential data.

Risks of interruption or termination of services causing a significant disruption and Progressive’s ability to operate continuously.

Risks of exposure to the economic, social, and political conditions and events in a foreign country that may adversely affect the ability of the supplier to meet the level of service required resulting in harm to Progressive through exposure to bribery and corruption or international threats.

Applicable Progressive employees are credit standards controls.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines asked to follow our procurement policies.

Risks to Progressive through exposure to suppliers’ services or goods with potential cybersecurity applicable laws and regulations, including, consistently procure the best combination without limitation, those related to employment, fair competition, and of quality and price available to support business goals while protecting Progressive antitrust.

Additionally, we inform our suppliers that we stand against all forms of forced, compulsory and child labor and will not accept any such labor.

Progressive also strives to limit unnecessary risk in our supply base by performing supplier due diligence for certain suppliers which includes risk based questionnaires in the risk categories in the chart to the right.

Use this QR code to access Progressive’s Alertline.

Risks to Progressive through lack of supplier infrastructure and applications controls.

Risks to Progressive through exposure to unauthorized access to our facilities, equipment, and resources or similar unauthorized access to a supplier that has access to our data and or technology systems.

Risks to Progressive through exposure to potential fourth parties or lack of supplier controls in proactively identifying and mitigating risks with Progressive fourth parties.

Innovation is a central component of Progressive’s business.

Since our founding, we’ve approached insurance with a different, forward thinking perspective.

We strive to create long term value for our stakeholders through our commitment to innovation and our growth mindset.

Our business requires us to develop, procure, configure, and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations.

Furthermore, we store and, when appropriate, destroy the significant volume of data that we acquire.

This data includes our customers’ and employees’ personal, confidential information, as well as our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information we use to price and deliver products that drive value for our customers.

Progressive’s Information Security team works diligently to safeguard data.

Our information security program was deliberately designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all information owned by or in the care of Progressive.

The Board of Directors’ Technology Committee oversees Progressive’s technology and information security risks, and reviews the major risks arising from our technology, digital and data strategies, legacy systems, technology investments, data privacy, cybersecurity programs, operational performance, and technology related business continuity and disaster recovery programs.

The committee also oversees management’s efforts to mitigate these risks.

The committee includes directors with technology and cybersecurity experience.

Security Officer (CSO), among other members of management, brief the committee on technology and security related matters, including technology investments, information technology (IT) programs and operations, and our information security programs, matters, and efforts, among other things.

Risk Committee, our CSO is ultimately responsible for cybersecurity at Progressive.

Through appropriate risk evaluation, security assessments, and financial due diligence, Progressive protects the security and confidentiality of information provided to our vendors under cloud computing or other arrangements.

Our overall efforts to safeguard the systems the required standards, where appropriate.

Business Model and Innovation 24 and confidential information critical to our operations include preventative and detective internal processes, technological defenses, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection.

Our response to security threats is triggered through various means.

Through annual user awareness training, we teach our employees to identify and appropriately respond to such threats.

Ethics and Contract Worker Standards security incidents and provide all required diligently to protect the security and their information.

Upon their request, and of Conduct include data privacy and consumer and regulatory notices regarding confidentiality of all personal information.

Though the federal government regulates consumer information from our records.

The nature of our business requires us to built into Progressive’s project management, acquire personal information from various development, and operations.

To assess individuals, including insurance applicants, the effectiveness of our cybersecurity policyholders, claimants, employees, and program and compliance with applicable others.

This information may include dates rules, regulations, and laws, we employ of birth, Social Security numbers, driver’s internal and external resources to evaluate license numbers, credit card and other our environment, systems, and processes financial account numbers, and medical at least annually.

Per federal and state law, we notify customers of our information practices, described in our Privacy Policy and notices provided to our consumers.

State legislation often mimics federal laws but can vary significantly by state.

Consumer Privacy Act affords consumers in that state greater transparency and control over their personal information.

Personal information entrusted to us is kept confidential and used only for legitimate business purposes.

Only employees, review, and acknowledge the applicable document.

Our Privacy Officer is responsible for data with a legitimate need to know can access privacy, leads a team of attorneys within confidential data to provide our products the Law Department, and works closely and services or otherwise run our business.

Use of personal information is limited by our our IT organization.

We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information, and we reinforce safeguarding efforts through our workplace policies, data transfer monitoring, and enforcement.

For more information on cybersecurity and data privacy, read the applicable risk factors in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K.

Through our growth mindset coupled with our commitment to innovation, we strive to create long term value for our stakeholders.

Today, we rank as the second largest U.S. personal auto insurer and we approach our insurance with a notable forward thinking perspective.

Recognizing customer demands evolve throughout the many stages of life, we endeavor to provide for and anticipate our customers’ changing needs by offering a range of products.

In fact, we recently updated our Vision statement to reflect this philosophy.

Our Vision is to become consumers’, agents’, and business owners’ 1 destination for insurance and other financial needs.

We utilize our Three Horizons framework to assess our investments by proximity to our core business and memorialize our commitment to innovation.

Investing in our core business to gain a larger share of both the vehicle and personal property insurance markets, as well as growing our book of bundled auto and home customers.

Building upon our existing capabilities and market position to offer more products and services within property and casualty insurance to our current and potential customers.

Owners Policy product and transportation network company business partnerships.

Exploring and investing in new areas outside of property and casualty insurance to solve unmet consumer needs and support our goal of always growing.

At Progressive, insurance is understood as have distinctive features that reward the pricing of risk.

As such, the pricing of our our customers’ good health, safety, and products reflects the risks our customers environmental stewardship behaviors.

A partial list of product features includes: works to reward customers who take less risk with their health and safety.

Personal Auto 3 Year Safe Driving customers without a claim or a pointed incident in the past three or more years.

We often provide customers who have lower loss frequency with lower rates than customers with higher loss frequency and the same loss severity.

Less driving means a lesser amount of greenhouse the presence or availability of certain safety features, such as blind spot warning or auto emergency braking, in rate determination.

Discount: Provides a discount for certain behaviors, such as hard braking events.

Further, customers who use their vehicles less could receive lower rates compared to those who use them more.

Customers with fewer miles driven, and thus fewer natural resources used and less risk of accidents, will usually have a lower rate.

We also work to stay on top of emerging trends such as electric.

Paperless Discount: A Paperless Discount commercial truckers who have a history may apply to a policyholder who vehicle technology and next generation of clean FMCSA safety inspections will participates in electronic communication mobility.

Progressive provides insurance typically receive lower rates than those for all policy documents.

We strive to match rates to behavior, which is why we look for ways to design our products to reward customers’ environmental stewardship and commitment to sustainable practices.

High Building Code Enforcement Discount: certain products and situations, property.

Provides a discount to homeowner and damage arising from the release of business owner policyholders in certain environmental pollutants is a covered peril areas who have homes or businesses that and can include pollution remediation.

Pollutant Property Damage Coverage: For meet high building code enforcement construction.

Discounts may even be available for older homes that have met the Insurance Institute for Business.

Home Safety guidelines as a fortified hurricane designation.

Note: Discounts programs described above are not available in all states and in all situations.

Please refer to the filed product for state specific details.

Progressive is ready to help with current and future insurance needs as they grow and change.

We strive to build and maintain trusting relationships that last for decades by always being there for our customers.

Documentation and Communications box on the next page), we aim to go beyond regulatory requirements.

Our investment in excellent customer service provides clear, frequent communication that keeps our customers informed of their insurance coverages.

Our communication methods are covered in three categories: pre purchase and purchase aids, regulatory documentation and communications, and post purchase communications.

We maintain programmatic monitoring initiatives across our organization to further our innovative growth in the industry.

In 2022, we began the process of updating our Snapshot program to include continuous monitoring of driver behavior instead of monitoring driving behavior only during the first policy period.

This enhancement comes through technology advancements, which reduced the costs and challenges of customer data monitoring and transmission.

Our new continuous model enables the efficient collection of driver data using Snapshot over the policy’s life.

Continuous data collection unlocks additional benefits for both Progressive and our policyholders.

With the new system, Progressive can acquire new driving data that more accurately reflects accident risk probabilities.

Reducing dangerous driving behavior is a win currently up to 45% off the non Snapshot rate.

In addition to more accurate pricing, our continuous on the roads.

Policyholders can see their driving monitoring makes driving data available more improvement reflected in lower premiums at each often when claims occur.

The new program also allows Progressive claim investigations and can help improve efficiency to identify risky driving behaviors and provide and accuracy.

It also allows Progressive to deliver continual feedback to customers who want to ongoing safety benefits to drivers.

We designed our Progressive Answers experience to simplify insurance and easily answer frequently asked questions.

Current and potential customers can access our Progressive Answers platform to instantly find answers on coverages, pricing, and more.

Our FAO platform provides Progressive agents with online resources to better help customers.

For example, FAO streamlines the quote and bind flow to clarify this process for the agent and customer.

It also offers documentation reviews related to Progressive products and features, and agent training sessions to enable agents to help customers select the best insurance for their individual needs.

Regulatory agencies establish what and how certain insurance communications are delivered.

The following are samples of communications used in most states.

A declarations page is a summary outlining the term, coverages, and limits of an insurance policy.

It also summarizes the policy’s cost and lists the discounts the customer received.

A policy contract outlines the obligations of Progressive and the insured, including policy exclusions.

Our current and potential customers can access multiple insurance resources online using our progressive.com portal.

These resources support our visitors through the customer journey.

We’re motivated to help them understand insurance, start a quote, find an agent, and service their policy.

Our chat function is available for specific questions, and our systems help customers find the best combination of coverage and price for their needs.

We guide those seeking an insurance quote step by step through the process, provide an accurate rate and flag discounts, and give them the option to purchase directly on our site.

Our call centers are open 24 7 to help answer customer questions and aid the sales experience, up to and including selling a policy.

In certain circumstances, we may be required to provide notices when we take an adverse action on a customer, such as charging a higher rate, based on information in a consumer report.

Our website offers customers a range of self service capabilities.

After purchasing their insurance policy, customers can set up their communication preferences, pay bills, file claims, and complete most policy changes online.

They can also access their insurance documents and policy information.

We offer customers access to call centers to address any questions they may have.

Customers may also report claims and request Roadside Assistance.

These services are available 365 days per year, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

We may select customers to provide feedback via surveys at various stages of their customer journey.

We analyze their completed surveys to understand their experience by reviewing the survey scores and the open text commentary.

Progressive uses these insights internally to identify and mitigate pain points and influence future knowledge and product design.

We close the loop with customers to resolve issues or answer questions they include in their survey responses.

Such communications include emails, SMS messages, or push notifications through the Progressive mobile app on relevant topics, including regulatory documentation, payment reminders, and more.

We offer the Progressive mobile app through the Android and iOS app stores.

Similar to online, within the app customers have self service access to their policy information and policy changes.

The app also supports emergency roadside requests and can store customers’ insurance ID cards for offline use.

We believe that how we achieve something is just as important as what we achieve.

We know that cultivating a flexible work environment where our employees feel welcome and valued for their ideas is critical to our achievements.

Our purpose as a company is to help people move forward and live fully.

This is perfect for us because, as our name suggests, we’ve always been focused on the future and finding new and better ways to serve our customers, work with each other, and support the communities we serve.

To move forward and live fully requires a commitment to our employees’ individual success and well being that starts with and extends beyond the workplace.

Progressive takes work life balance seriously by providing comprehensive offerings of medical, wellness, financial, and family services and encouraging both personal and professional growth.

With each year, we continue to build a culture grounded in good health and financial security where we feel safe, valued,and respected for who we are and what we do.

This empowers us to learn from each other’s unique perspectives, share new and different ideas, and build lasting relationships that help us grow together as a company.

Officer Bill Clawson, Individual and organizational excellence come from a very real sense of self and belonging.

We cannot truly succeed until each of us feels like we are an important part of something bigger and better.

With a history of profitability and market success, Progressive is in an enviable position each year to hire the best and brightest people from across the spectrum of backgrounds and experiences.

As we do so, the diversity of our workforce has increased, which helps us reflect and better serve our customers.

Hiring has grown significantly to meet the needs of our growing customer base, and we’ve made great strides in adding these new hires, 68% were women (10,268) selection process and the importance of and 55% were people of color (8,305).

While popular job search websites still help us cast a wide net for our recruitment efforts, we have, for the past several years, been working with strategic partners to reach experiences and backgrounds.

Additionally, our Executive Team and managers have job objectives aimed at fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.

We believe that our recruitment efforts and leadership and mid level professional roles.

Leadership for Tomorrow, a national of job candidates to our hiring managers.

After more than five years of significant growth and hiring, the gender and racial demographics of our workforce are closely aligned with the U.S. adult population.

There’s obviously more to diversity than just gender and race, but these are the two demographic factors that we currently measure for all Progressive people.

From this, we can focus on the recruiting and development efforts that have proven to be most successful over the past few years.

We aim to support our employees by providing challenging work experiences, career opportunities, and a culture of inclusion.

We’re focused on coaching and development, which we believe promotes greater engagement in our business and improved individual performance.

Our attention to continuous learning is based on the principles and behaviors of DEI and begins with our leaders, who we expect to help their teams grow in their careers.

We believe that engagement increases when our people rise into leadership roles and inspire others to lead and when talent management and acquisition processes remove any barriers to increasing the representation of women and people of color in management.

To focus our effort, in 2020, we introduced an ambitious goal to double the representation of people of color in senior leadership from 10% to 20% by the end of 2025.

We don’t just strive for demographic representation.

We also expect our leaders to respect and value our people and appreciate new perspectives and ways of thinking.

Publishing to provide business strategy objectives, and inclusive leadership training.

EEO 1 report, can be found in the DEI podcasts, and self directed leadership evaluations and management tools.

To help our leaders meet their DEI objectives, Progressive’s full time DEI staff works with our learning and development teams to provide inclusive leadership training modules and toolkits to align leadership actions with inclusive behaviors and ensure decision making leverages diversity, discussion, and collaboration.

In addition to in house leadership development opportunities, Progressive leverages university partnerships in several ways to provide outstanding leadership training.

School of Management to provide leaders with access to advanced leadership training courses.

Executive Education division to design and deliver custom offerings for enterprise leadership development programs and business specific leadership events.

U.S. population refers to individuals 18 years of age.

While we have significant momentum from being focused on DEI for more than a decade, the last three years have accelerated our efforts.

This began with an examination of our Core Values.

We acknowledged the power of their foundational messaging and made slight and precise revisions so that they would be more intentionally inclusive for today’s business environment.

This set the stage for a year long project to create a single source online DEI reference guide, called True to Our Name.

Courageous Conversations program and an accompanying DEI Speakers Bureau where presenters and facilitators lead work teams in discussions around biases, stereotypes, and the development of inclusive behaviors.

Bureau and Courageous Conversations sessions across the country.

Candid discussions like those at Speakers Bureau events are commonplace at Progressive and reinforce our commitment to an open but expect our people to share their opinions and perspectives.

Although many of us were working remotely or hybrid in 2022, we came together as a company in many ways throughout the year.

We’re committed to creating an environment where our people feel welcomed, valued, and respected, and a key measure of this success is participation in our ERGs.

In fact, our ERG membership grew even faster than the rate of growth of our employee population.

Over a decade ago, our first ERGs were created to help build communities for our employees with common backgrounds, life experiences, interests, and professional goals.

Our ERGs create space for networking, understanding differences, and sharing experiences.

Furthermore, these communities are valuable resources for education, market intelligence, and product development.

Currently, we offer nine focused ERGs, each welcoming all employees.

Progressive Employee Resource Groups on the following page for a complete list of our ERGs.

Roundtable and the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion.

Asian American Network (AANet) leaders and organizations, and we hope this collaboration helps promote progress toward diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplaces.

ERG engagement continues to keep pace with our growth.

Progressive people belong to at least one ERG today.

We believe ERG participation rates significantly contribute to several people metrics at Progressive.

Progressive was not immune to the great resignation that occurred in tandem with the pandemic and was prevalent throughout the business community.

We believe this continues transforming the way they do business.

Our overall engagement rate speaks to our culture’s strength.

We pride ourselves on creating a culture of job fulfillment and career opportunity.

When new people join our company and quickly experience our positive and people measuring ERG participation, we conduct oriented culture, they’re motivated to stay an annual engagement and culture survey to measure overall employee engagement and satisfaction.

Progressive understands that engagement and retention depend not only on inclusive leadership and job satisfaction, but also on our people knowing there’s room to grow in their careers.

To increase job learning and accelerate career opportunity, in 2021 we launched a bold new career advancement channel for sought after technology and analytical jobs called the Progressive Boot Camp.

Boot Camp and an Analyst Boot Camp, which included rigorous in class and on the job training programs.

We’re deliberate in encouraging participation by women and people of color two demographic groups traditionally underrepresented in these jobs.

Development Program (MLDP), which we’ve been offering since 2014.

Since then, participation has nearly tripled and MLDP graduates are nearly two times more likely to advance in their careers versus their peers.

Moreover, our professional development one for managers and two designed to program, Own It, encourages employees to accelerate the careers of aspiring leaders.

Lastly, we also increased the number of participants in our Analyst Internship Program.

Progressive is dedicated to job training and skill building.

Companywide, we devote more than 500 leaders and subject matter experts to technical and competency based training initiatives.

Our learning solutions are tailored to both individual contributors and leaders and consist of a comprehensive curriculum from technical skills to leadership competencies and customer service protocols to strategic thinking and innovation.

More specifically, Progressive has created a Learning Paths and Tool Maps protocol that provides an up to date knowledge sequence of skill building for a critical base of employees in our industry, including product and pricing, analytics, and information technology.

These employees can take courses and measure their progress at their own pace.

In 2022, nearly 4.4 million total credit hours were completed by Progressive employees.

The average number of hours per employee was 70. building exercises, coaching techniques, and communication strategies.

Available to new and tenured employees, our learning solutions are tailored to both individual contributors and leaders, and cover a broad swath of skills and competencies.

Progressive partners with leading universities to give all employees access to advanced career learning libraries.

And our partnership with CWRU enables Progressive employees to receive a 25% discount for any CWRU course or program.

Percentage of internal promotions to fill open positions above entry level.

What employees earn has been a hot our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, topic in recent years, and Progressive which provides clear expectations for all has been able to navigate the changing our people and confirms our commitment job market with a flexible compensation to high ethical standards and compliance program.

We seek to provide competitive with legal requirements.

We recognize that our commitment to pay equity requires our constant attention, and we take regular steps to ensure that our people’s compensation reflects their performance, experience, job responsibilities, and nothing else.

Gainshare, which measures the growth and and legal responsibilities.

Additionally, we have an Open Door Policy that empowers every employee to reach and externally to the market.

Because compensation is also tied to representative when they have a question individual performance, Progressive or a concern or they want to share an idea.

We also provide a confidential Alertline compensation, including the employee’s that is available for employees and others performance rating and pay level within who want to raise a concern anonymously.

We encourage our people to speak up, and and active employees with over four when they do, we give timely attention to months of tenure received performance their concerns, take remedial action where evaluations last year.

We also leverage our extensive contemporary art collection to offer training sessions to spark conversations about our culture, innovation, ethical obligations, and respecting our differences, among other things.

Corporate Decision Making section for further details.

We’re proud to report that for Progressive employees with similar performance, experience, and job responsibilities, women earn one dollar for every dollar earned by men, and people of color earn one dollar for every dollar earned by their white coworkers.

Our executives and other senior leaders also receive compensation in the form of equity awards (i.e., restricted stock units), which we believe supports a strong pay for performance linkage and further aligns their interests with those of our shareholders.

In evaluating pay equity companywide, we use a regression model that considers the following components of compensation: annual salary, bonus (Gainshare), and equity awards.

These are point in time measures (as of February 2023) that include all Progressive employees other than our CEO and the C level executives, whose compensation is approved by the Board’s Compensation Committee.

For information on executive compensation, please refer to our Proxy Statement.

Progressive extend beyond comprehensive health care insurance to financial well being and work life balance.

Based on their lifestyles and what works best for them, Progressive people can choose from a broad range of benefits, including: medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision benefits a 401(k) plan with up to a 6% company match life insurance long and short term disability insurance and paid parental leave following birth, adoption, or placement of a foster child.

Our new vendor has experience in these areas, and we believe will be able to help us with innovative solutions such as mobile health and dental clinics and easier access to nutrition support.

Better serving the health needs of this employee community is a focus for us as we continue to offer competitive and comprehensive benefits that promote healthy lifestyles for all Progressive people and their families.

Our health and wellness offerings include on site fitness centers, medical clinics, and health seminars.

Many of these on site offerings transitioned to online offerings, such as fitness classes and health discussions, to meet the needs of our employees who are working remotely.

We continue to offer a variety of health and wellness programs accessible to employees working from the office or remotely.

Progressive also boasts a vibrant and interactive health and wellness website, which started over a decade ago and is managed by a full time health and wellness team, including a full time physician.

The site is designed to show our employees how to live healthier and achieve a more balanced lifestyle.

During 2022, as most employees still worked from their home offices, our wellness team created a comprehensive virtual regimen that included prerecorded workouts, daily online group classes and fitness challenges, and an in the kitchen nutritional series.

We also offer healthy living and weight management programs, family resources and medical services, and mental and emotional support.

Assistance Program (EAP) provides 24 hour support, flexible work arrangements, and paid time off to help our people balance their work and personal lives.

Progressive is also paying particular attention to mental health, and we have expanded the EAP to recognize a growing need for easy to access emotional support by adding online therapy and urgent care, and behavioral health coaching and psychiatry via smartphone applications.

Yet another way Progressive is working to have a more inclusive benefits offering is by introducing a change intended to increase participation in our 401(k) plan.

Progressive’s retirement plan offers up to a 6%, dollar for dollar company match, a challenge for us was to generate even greater participation in the program.

The Progressive 401(k) plan supports financial security by helping our employees save for the future, but we recognized that a segment of our population was not taking advantage auto enrollment in the 401(k) program disaster or an unexpected personal in 2021 so that all employees begin saving for hardship.

The fund relies primarily on retirement by default.

Any employees who support from Progressive and individual do not wish to participate in the plan may opt donations from fellow employees.

At the end of 2022, 91% of Progressive people are enrolled in the program.

Best Companies for Latinos to Work (2023) to Work (2022).

We’ve learned that working from home may now be a preferred option for many employees, and we’re striving to offer that option where our business needs permit.

Progressive has significantly increased work location flexibility for our people.

This is already helping us to build a more productive and appealing hybrid work environment for the future.

In 2022, we hired over 12,000 employees in entirely virtual or hybrid remote in person roles.

Respecting who we are and providing ways to keep learning and growing gives us self worth and confidence.

Offering a network of benefits and competitive compensation gives us a sense of security and well being.

And optimizing the way we work gives us a shared sense of purpose.

This is the kind of culture that helps us succeed as individuals.

And this is how we continue to thrive and move forward as a company.

We are pleased to have the many challenges of 2022 behind us and enter the new year hopeful, once again, for improvements that will benefit Progressive, the broader economic environment, and the world at large.

We do so, however, with open eyes that the ongoing challenges, and unexpected obstacles, will undoubtedly require further active and nimble responses by Progressive.

We embrace this uncertainty and look forward to continuing to work hard for the company’s shareholders and other stakeholders.

Making a lasting impact on communities and people’s lives is an expression of our values in action and something we care deeply about as a company and as individuals and teams.

Our ERGs Guide the Way their selected charity on special programs, events, and campaign drives.

Our ERGs often remind us just how much our Disabilities Awareness Network ERG events in our communities impact our teamed up with The Arc of the United States corporate culture.

And, in turn, how to offer ERG members insight and training much we as a company can influence our on the overall employment landscape for communities.

Insurance Foundation (the Foundation) to national charities identified by our ERGs.

ERG involvement with these organizations, however, was much more than monetary contributions.

Specific areas discussed were networking, resum building, and interviewing.

Progressive volunteers, now equipped with the knowledge and skills needed, participated in 45 minute panel discussions held by various chapters of The Arc to answer questions and help those with IDD build their job seeking skills.

Foundation committed to matching their by supporting organizations important to donations up to 100%.

Our ERGs are an important part of a bigger our people.

In 2022, Progressive people in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated in more than 200 local and virtual community and fundraising events, and donated thousands of needed items in addition to financially supporting the charitable organizations of their choice through the Foundation.

While it has been successful for the past 20 guided giving programs, which for 20 years, beginning mid 2022, the Foundation’s years consisted of a matching program matching gift program shifted to a new, for donations made to qualified 501(c)(3) more inclusive strategy intended to broaden tax exempt organizations.

Cause, in which all Progressive people can recommend an eligible charity to receive a donation from the Foundation without requiring the employee to make an out of pocket donation.

The Foundation donated 5 million in matching donations made in 2021.

In 2022, directly or through the Foundation, Progressive donated 1.5 million to charitable organizations supported by our ERGs.

Our Employee Resource Groups are living, breathing, loving proof that we’re growing together as a company.

They give us the courage to be ourselves and show us how our differences make a difference for our customers and each other.

Relief Fund for employees who experienced financial hardship because of natural disasters and personal financial hardships.

Keys to Progress veteran vehicle giveaway program has donated more than 900 cars in 10 years to veterans in need.

Cleveland has furnished over 160 homes for families moving from homeless shelters.

At Progressive, we’re committed to employee driven social responsibility.

We’re also proud of brand focused giving initiatives directly tied to our business as a national insurer for homes and autos.

Our founders, Joseph Lewis and Jack Green, started Progressive to make car insurance easier to access.

For them, owning a vehicle positively changes a person’s life by improving their job prospects, providing access to health care, and enabling social connections.

In this tradition, Progressive hosts our Keys to Progress veteran vehicle giveaway program a one day event every November in recognition of Veterans Day.

Progressive people from across the country volunteer to select vehicles to donate, organize fundraising activities, and host local events.

Enterprise for donation and work with military and charitable organizations to identify veterans in need.

To celebrate the program’s 10th year, we donated over 100 vehicles to veterans and veteran organizations across the U.S. in 2022, including a semi truck to a veteran for him to start his own trucking business.

Since 2013, the Keys to Progress program has provided more than 900 vehicles to veterans in need.

A second community focused initiative involves helping people experiencing homelessness.

Since 2020, this has included a relationship with Humble Design.

This nonprofit group serves individuals and families who are transitioning from homelessness by making their new living spaces more comfortable and personal.

Progressive people raised money, donated and collected furnishings and household goods to fill Humble Design’s warehouse, and participated in home decorating experiences with participating families.

Progressive’s education initiatives are important to us because continuous learning is an integral part of our culture.

In 2022, we donated nearly 2,400 pieces of computer equipment to PCs for People, a nonprofit organization specializing in refurbishing and upgrading computers for students and those in need.

Not all donations are redistributed because some may not pass stress testing refurbishment standards or be used for parts.

Another benefit was that our donations resulted in recycling or reusing 132,105 pounds of e waste, thereby preventing it from ending up in landfills.

Our Core Values guide Progressive’s culture and we’re proud that our people lead the way for our social responsibility efforts.

Our success as a company relies so much on the strength of our community and our people.

Engineering came together over three months to help Sub Zero Mission remodel existing space and furnish a new addition to their 7,500 square foot headquarters in Painesville, Ohio.

Mission is an organization dedicated to helping the homeless make it through the winter months by providing warming items.

While they’re focused on helping veterans, they help everyone in need that they meet on their outreach missions.

In recent years, they expanded their mission to help break the cycle of homelessness by assisting people with housing and addiction services.

The headquarters expansion included a bus garage, additional storage, and meeting areas to deliver more services and, potentially, employment opportunities.

Progressive employees provided design services, demolition, construction, drywall, flooring, storage racking, and painting services as well as manual labor to set up the new spaces.

Almost all the materials and furniture were reclaimed from Progressive offices that have been closed or overstock that would normally be held to repair or refurbish buildings as needed.

Public policy issues have the potential to impact Progressive’s business, our employees, business partners, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate.

We believe from time to time our responsible and constructive participation in the political process is important to our success.

We participate in a highly regulated industry, and we believe our involvement in initiatives and proposals that could affect our industry or our business is beneficial to our success.

We believe it’s appropriate for us to exercise our rights to help inform and be a part of the debate on these matters.

Core Values and to protect or enhance shareholder value.

Social Capital 46 and engage lobbying firms that can advocate for regulations and policies that we believe are beneficial to our business interests.

For example, we support regulatory developments that promote a competitive insurance marketplace.

We disclose all political contributions and expenditures to the extent required by law.

Progressive does not have a political action committee.

For more details, please see our reports on involvement in public policy and political expenditures in the Governance Documents section of our Investor Relations website.

President and the Law Department to preapprove every political contribution we make.

These policies are intended to ensure our political expenditures are made in a manner consistent with our Core Values and protect or enhance shareholder value.

Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the policy statement at least once a year and receives annual reports from management on our compliance with the policy statement.

We comply with all applicable laws and regulations governing political contributions and expenditures.

We support industry research associations and nonprofit organizations, trade associations, candidates for public office, and other groups to advance key priorities such as highway safety and regulatory modernization.

We may not agree with every position taken by a specific organization, candidate, or committee.

However, we sometimes find it’s beneficial to work across such differences on behalf of the interests of our stakeholders.

By taking action to reduce the environmental impact of our business operations, we believe that we can not only be responsible environmental stewards, but also create sustainable business value and enhance our resilience.

As we strive to become consumers’, agents’, product features, such as deductible and and business owners’ 1 destination for coverage limits, can help us to manage our insurance and other financial needs, we underlying exposure.

These severe weather events can lead to increased loss expenses and disruption to physical assets and can affect the cost and availability of reinsurance.

Informing policyholders who sign up for hail alerts about potential hailstorms near them based on their home address, giving them advanced notice to protect their vehicles.

Producing public service announcements implications.

We use catastrophe modeling before, during, and after certain severe tools to help estimate our exposure to weather events for use by local radio stations weather related losses and incorporate our and on social media to reach broader findings in product design, policy pricing, audiences with safety tips.

Property business resulting from certain related losses.

See the ESG Product Features catastrophe events that might be impacted section for further details.

We believe that managing climate change our strategies to effectively manage our related risks can help reduce expense and buildings, equipment, and fleet.

We report offer competitive rates while maintaining our environmental efforts to inform our our obligations to our customers.

For more stakeholders of the efforts we’re making, information on how we believe climate the initiatives and steps taken, and the change and severe weather can affect our forward movement on our commitments.

We continue to make increasing efforts to reduce carbon emissions and operate efficiently in all aspects of our business.

We believe that reducing our dependency on fossil fuels and pursuing energy efficient sources facilitates our corporate responsibility.

We continue to progress our environmental stewardship efforts by seeking investments in green energy usage for our facilities, exploring opportunities to shift toward a lower emissions fleet, and reducing paper correspondence with our customers.

We believe that if we can yield positive environmental results from our business operations, we can create a sustainable business in line with our Core Values.

Our ultimate goal is to become carbon neutral (in Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2025, with a goal of becoming net zero in the following decade.

As we look forward to the future, we’re excited to continue to be responsible environmental stewards.

We previously announced a goal of carbon neutrality by the end of 2025 for Scope 1 and 2, which will help set the path to net zero in the following decade.

To achieve this, we’re working to reduce our carbon footprint through several means, including investing in renewable energy, exploring fuel efficient vehicle alternatives, and continuing to focus on efficiency and conservation opportunities within our commercial real estate portfolio, an initiative started over 15 years ago.

These efforts have included shifting from fluorescent to LED lighting in core campus locations.

We also focus on calibrated automation efforts to optimize and conserve heating, cooling, and lighting and consider other ways to more efficiently operate our facilities given the reduced in office presence due to the hybrid workforce model.

In recent years, we’ve expanded our green energy investments to further reduce our impact on the environment.

Ohio, which went live in January 2023 and will reduce that location’s annual carbon emissions.

In 2020, we entered a three year renewable energy agreement with a wind farm in Pennsylvania, which was expected to reduce our electricity related carbon emissions by nearly 31,000 metric tons annually (70,000 MWh) beginning in 2021.

To accommodate real estate portfolio changes and ongoing energy efficiency projects, during 2022, we amended our renewable energy purchase from the initial 70,000 MWh to align with consumption, providing for a purchase of approximately 65,000 MWh in 2022.

Our renewable energy initiatives and investments in energy and fuel efficient facilities, equipment, and company vehicles create shared value for our business and stakeholders, supporting our efforts to reduce carbon emissions and pass along cost savings to our customers.

Although the original timeline goal was 2022, and our Scope 1 emissions increased 18% we surpassed our goal of achieving a 68% primarily due to an increase in fleet reduction in carbon emissions per million utilization as fuel gallons consumed rose.

In 2022, we continued to expand the way increase, our overall fleet fuel consumption we manage, track, and report our emissions.

We revised our electric and gas consumption pandemic levels despite substantial calculations to include less estimated site business growth over the past three years.

Includes carbon emissions from electricity and natural gas consumption, fuel used by fleet vehicles, company aircraft, generators, and refrigerants.

The volume of carbon emissions from these sources have been estimated using actual real estate portfolio information and industry standard calculation methods.

Emission factors were adjusted for 2022 calculations to reflect updates to standards.

In 2021, Progressive began purchasing Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) to begin reducing emissions which has been reflected in the market based figures.

Emissions intensity factors were updated in 2022 to reflect U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) standards and will be reviewed annually as part of Progressive’s emissions reporting efforts.

We engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP to perform an attest review engagement over our Scope 1 emissions and Scope 2 emissions (location based and market based), as represented in The Progressive Corporation Management Assertion, for the year ended December 31, 2022 (see their report in the Appendix).

In 2022, Progressive purchased Renewable Energy Credits to reduce emissions, which has been reflected in the market based figures.

Our fleet consists of more than 5,000 of photo estimating to our customer base, vehicles and, as with our other assets, we which reduces the miles driven by our claims continue to advance our environmental adjusters.

Expanding upon our prior photo stewardship efforts.

We’re exploring estimating program, the Claims organization opportunities to reduce our fleet’s carbon has partnered with auto repair centers to roll emissions by shifting to a lower emissions out a Shop Written Estimates (SWE) program.

By utilizing SWE and network shops as vehicle purchases.

Over the past few years, estimating tools, we’ve been able to reduce we implemented a change to a more fuel our dependency on our fleet.

We continue to explore and pursue relationships which will allow us to order vehicles that align with our fleet emission standards.

We’re committed to reducing and responsibly managing the waste generated by our building operations.

Recycling programs for office paper, cardboard, aluminum cans, and plastic and glass bottles were developed in the past and remain in place today.

The programs were developed to reduce the waste we send to landfills and encourage recycling at our campus locations.

Another way we manage waste is by approximately 24% (440 tons) of the waste continuing to reuse and donate furniture collected at our campuses was diverted to local nonprofit organizations around the from landfills to recycling centers in 2022. greater Cleveland area.

Due to reduced building occupancy, waste and supports local organizations.

These efforts are expected to result in reduced expenses as well as the number of miles driven on our behalf by our waste removal vendor.

For Earth Day in 2022, we partnered with a local organization in Cleveland to foster collaboration and build awareness around responsible resource consumption, disposal strategies, and recycling through virtual and in person events.

As we look forward to the future, we’re a paperless environment by encouraging excited to continue to be responsible paperless policies and offering electronic environmental stewards.

Personal Auto and 45% of our Special Lines creating a better future for not only our policyholders are enrolled in our paperless employees but also for our communities, policy program.

This program reduces shareholders, and the millions of the need for paper correspondence by customers who trust us to protect what’s allowing e signatures for policy documents most important to them.

Auto new business policy booklets and renewals electronically in states that allow being carbon neutral (for Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by the end of 2025, and we’re working to chart a course with the goal of being net zero the following decade.

We expect that Progressive’s plan to be to evolve as we seek out meaningful net zero will leverage the continued reductions.

These initiatives also help to application of operational efficiencies minimize costs.

We look forward to exploring new ways to optimize our approach to emissions reduction, waste management, and fleet operations.

We believe our commitment to sustainability will shift us toward operating more efficiently.

Fair Advice for Customers of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) publishes a Closed Complaint ratio.

While Progressive does not disclose this specific metric, we disclose changes in policy life expectancy (PLE) in our SEC Filings.

Additionally, Progressive uses a variety of internal metrics to assess customer satisfaction, including surveys, customer focus groups, and Net Promoter Scores (which tracks the likelihood of referrals from existing customers).

Progressive is unable to measure or disclose this metric at this time.

See the ESG Product Features section in our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

Report on Form 10 K for a discussion of our reinsurance program.

Progressive does not categorize catastrophic events as modeled versus non modeled as we do modeled natural catastrophes and (2) non modeled natural catastrophes, not believe this categorization is meaningful to our business.

We report net catastrophe losses by segment in our SEC Filings.

The SEC Filings also include a discussion of reinsurance and the recoverables recorded.

Form 10 K for a discussion of our reinsurance program.

As of December 31, 2022, Progressive had no derivatives outstanding.

Accounting Policies and Note 2 Investments in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K.

Condition and Results of Operations in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K.

Governance: Disclose the organization’s governance a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

Appendix 56 around climate related risks and opportunities.

To facilitate these oversight responsibilities, the Board assigns certain risk oversight to each of its main committees.

The Audit Committee oversees risks relating to financial statements, financial controls, internal and external audit functions, and external reporting.

In addition, the committee oversees our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing and addressing with management risks relating to the Board’s and Progressive’s governance practices, stakeholder concerns, and environmental (including climate change) and social factors and initiatives impacting us.

See our Nominating Governance Committee Charter and the Board Oversight and Monitoring Process section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

Risk Factors in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and the Climate Change section of impacts of climate related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Risk Factors in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and the Climate Change section of organization’s business, strategy, and financial planning.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

Risk Management: Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate related risks.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Risk Management section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Environmental Stewardship section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

For information on catastrophe losses incurred, refer to Section III.

See the Environmental Stewardship section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

See the Environmental Stewardship section of our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

Corporation (Progressive) that the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions metrics for the year ended December 31, 2022 in management’s assertion are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in management’s assertion.

Progressive’s management is responsible for its assertion and for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the GHG emissions metrics.

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based on our review.

Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, obtain reasonable assurance about whether because of such things as GHG emissions management’s assertion is fairly stated, in factors that are used in mathematical all material respects, in order to express an models to calculate GHG emissions, and the opinion.

Accordingly, we do not express such inability of these models, due to incomplete an opinion.

Because of the limited nature scientific knowledge and other factors, to of the engagement, the level of assurance accurately measure under all circumstances obtained in a review is substantially the relationship between various inputs and lower than the assurance that would the resultant GHG emissions.

Environmental have been obtained had an examination and energy use data used in GHG emissions been performed.

We believe that the calculations are subject to inherent limitations, review evidence obtained is sufficient and given the nature and the methods used appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for measuring such data.

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Progressive has estimated GHG emissions for certain emissions sources for which no primary usage data is available.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment.

In performing our review, we performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the GHG emissions metrics, reviewed supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the GHG emissions metrics on a sample basis, and performed analytical procedures.

For diesel fuel used for backup generators, Progressive.

Revised Edition (GHG Protocol), to guide the criteria to assess, calculate, and report GHG emissions.

Organizational boundary relates to owned or leased offices, of the GHG emissions metrics and for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the GHG emissions metrics.

Progressive does not operate in any international locations.

Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) emissions are inclusive of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), where present.

Emissions data by individual gas is not disclosed as a majority of CO2e relates to CO2.

Natural gas, corporate jet fuel, and motor gasoline and diesel fuel used by Progressive’s owned and leased.

WRI and WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An used invoice data obtained from third parties to measure diesel fuel consumption.

For corporate jet fuel, Progressive used actual gallons of defines a hierarchy of emission factors for quantifying fuel consumed obtained from the Fuel Purchase Report market based emissions, in order from highest to.

All Airports provided by our third party flight tracking lowest precision.

The below were used by Progressive provider to measure corporate jet fuel consumption.

For motor gasoline and diesel fuel used by Progressive’s owned and leased vehicle fleet, Progressive used actual.

WREGIS Organization Colorado Springs Utilities fuel consumption.

If a company fuel card was not used, for solar power.

Other grid average: Location based emission factors and GWPs listed above.

GHG emissions quantification is subject to significant inherent measurement uncertainty because of such things as GHG emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to calculate GHG emissions, and the inability of these models, due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to accurately measure under all circumstances the relationship between various inputs and the resultant GHG emissions.

These estimated emissions account for less than 1% of reported Scope 1 emissions.

Refrigerants include discharge and recharge of refrigerants at certain Progressive sites when there is leakage loss as reported in maintenance logs by management and or recharge invoices obtained from third parties.

Related to Scope 2 emissions: calculations are subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for measuring such data.

Scope 2 purchased electricity relates to electricity used at vehicle fleet: Emission factors from the United States by management of different but acceptable measurement.

Corporate Climate Leadership, Emission Factors for or metrics being reported.

Diesel fuel used for backup generators: Emission factors, which includes an embedded GWP from the IPCC’s Fourth.

Scope 2 Emission Factors and GWPs (Location Based).

Purchased electricity: Emission factors from the US EPA Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database.

Scope 1 emissions include (i) stationary fuels from natural gas used for heating at certain Progressive sites and diesel fuel used for backup generators at certain Progressive sites (ii) mobile fuels from corporate jet fuel used by.

Progressive’s corporate aircraft operations, as well as motor gasoline and diesel fuel used by Progressive’s owned and leased vehicle fleet and (iii) refrigerants.

For natural gas, Progressive used invoice data obtained from third parties to measure natural gas consumption where available.

For sites where invoice data was not available, Progressive estimated natural gas consumption using the intensity method (usage square foot) based on the 2018 Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption.

Progressive used invoice data obtained from third parties to measure purchased electricity consumption where available.

CBECS, Table C14 Electricity consumption and expenditure intensities, published in December 2022 by the US EIA for office buildings.

These estimated emissions account for approximately 18% of the reported location based Scope 2 emissions and approximately 55% of the reported market based Scope 2 emissions.

Market based Scope 2 emissions include RECs purchased from the provider ENGIE Resources NA for wind power and WREGIS Organization Colorado Springs.

Learn more about our ongoing environmental, social, and governance initiatives.