At ServiceNow, our dream is to be the defining enterprise software company of the 21st century.

This includes creating an impact beyond our four walls to enable everyone to contribute to a more sustainable, equitable, and ethical world.

It all starts with our corporate purpose: We make the world work better for everyone.

As work takes on new meaning, there’s never been a more important time to connect the people who make great things happen, the processes that help work flow, and the systems that support it all.

We want to help other companies achieve their own ESG goals.

We are proud that our Now Platform and solutions enable this.

This is how we keep the world working better for everyone in times of change, challenge, and opportunity.

Inspired by our people, we’ll continue to dream big, live our purpose, and make progress toward creating the future we imagine.

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) initiatives, and metrics, with highlights of our future plans.

We are closely following recent and our ecosystem.

How we drive global impact: As we operationalize our ESG strategy, we’re pleased to report our strategic framework is resonating with our stakeholders, addressing their expectations for increased transparency developments in ESG reporting and regulation, and will continue to do so and adapt accordingly.

For information on our ESG materiality assessment, which informed our strategy development, and our alignment to reporting standards.

Certain reclassifications of data from the evolution of our strategy and sharper focus across previous public disclosures may be made to conform to our ESG priority issues.

How we govern our efforts: We continue to prioritize oversight of our ESG strategy through our board of directors’ nominating and governance committee, the sponsorship of our chief financial officer, and the guidance of our ESG steering committee.

The board of directors’ audit committee is responsible for overseeing the company’s processes, procedures, and validation of our ESG disclosures.

When we say our dream is to be the defining software company of the 21st century, what does it actually mean Our dream isn’t simply to put forth the best technology in the market.

What’s paramount to our dream is to exemplify responsible business leadership for decades to come.

We have a once in a lifetime opportunity and a responsibility to make a significant impact on these, and many more, once in a lifetime challenges.

Continue to develop ESG solutions on the Now Platform to help address our customers’ risks and opportunities.

Build our roadmap to achieve net zero by 2030 with a specific focus on our supply chain.

Deliver a new enterprise wide strategic workforce plan that establishes a strong foundation for growth and scale.

Deliver a new global diversity, equity, and inclusion framework and amplify impact in and through our business.

Accelerate our impact in communities and scale our.

This report showcases our ambitions and our progress made against those ambitions.

As we advance our own global impact journey, we’re building systems to help customers turn their ESG strategy into action.

I invite you to join us in dreaming even bigger to unlock unimaginable value for business, society, and the planet.

We recognize ESG’s ties to enterprise value creation and financial performance over the long term.

Since publishing our inaugural Global Impact Report in 2021, our progress has accelerated, and our commitments have gained greater focus.

Launched an integrated ESG Command Center solution to help our customers achieve their ESG goals.

Achieved 100% renewable electricity, carbon neutrality, and approval for our science based targets by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

Developed a new employee value proposition (People Pact) aligning our people strategy to our business strategy, and made significant progress in representation across three categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, and women in leadership.

Fully distributed our 100M Racial Equity Fund in 10 communities across the US.

Developed an EU based solution for customers who would prefer to have their EU hosted data handled within EU borders.

This report contains forward looking statements that are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management.

Such forward looking statements include information concerning our ESG strategy relating to future operations, potential growth opportunities, and plans and objectives of management.

Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements.

Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking statements include, without limitation, changes in global economic conditions unexpected delays, difficulties, and expenses in executing against our ESG goals set forth in this report and changes in the regulatory landscape.

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in our other SEC filings.

We cannot guarantee that we’ll achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward looking statements.

Forward looking statements represent our management’s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this report.

We undertake no obligation, and do not intend to update the forward looking statements.

FORTUNE and FORTUNE Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse the products or services of, ServiceNow.

This purpose drives us to create the connections that help people do their best work.

Our platform spans business functions, bringing people, processes, and systems together.

This allows information and ideas to flow freely, making it possible for everyone to have a positive impact on the world.

Address their needs employee engagement and support business goals cost efficient, and secure workflow automation quickly, consistently, and and productivity with increased efficiency, delivery of differentiating fast with a modern user proactively and offer new while delivering lower costs, reduced risk, technology across internal experience, connect ways of doing business that make their lives easier.

Building on an incredible year of progress, we’re aiming higher, grounded in an actionable path forward.

Given ESG’s connection to long term value creation, we’ve made it a strategic imperative at ServiceNow.

We’ve embedded it into our operations, solutions, and cultural mindset to benefit our employees, customers, partners, and communities.

As the world continues to navigate ever changing environmental, social, and economic shifts, we’re pushing forward and evolving our ESG strategy to make significant progress on our commitments to drive long term impact for our stakeholders and the planet.

We do this through digital experiences that make work flow to deliver more impactful outcomes.

Connecting people, processes, and systems across the complex ESG landscape helps align investments, empower decision making, and streamline delivery, enabling organizations to better serve all stakeholders and create meaningful, sustainable change.

Aligned with ServiceNow’s purpose We make the world our customers to embed and strengthen ESG in their own work better for everyone our strategy centers on three operations and better serve their stakeholders.

How we main pillars: sustaining our planet, creating equitable help and what we learn from our customers informs our opportunity, and acting with integrity, all supported by global impact program.

What we learn from our global our Now Platform and solutions.

To help our stakeholders impact program informs what we build and enable for our realize those commitments, we embed ESG into our customers, as well as our communities.

It’s a continuous business strategy, culture, and values across our cycle that helps us make the world, and everyone who global operations.

We achieve even greater impact by works in it, better.

Strengthen employee engagement and community investment.

We’ve achieved our 2021 goals of 100% renewable electricity and carbon neutrality.2 We’ve accelerated our initial commitment to net zero by 20 years, with a goal of achieving net zero by 2030.

We’ve also set ambitious near term science based targets for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which have been approved by the SBTi.

We’re continuing our commitment to support our employees, partners, and communities.

We empower employees through a strong company culture, an even stronger focus on an inclusive employee experience, and new opportunities to make a difference in their communities.

We work to increase supplier diversity by generating more opportunities for small, minority owned and women owned businesses.

And we support our communities through employee donations and volunteering, cash and in kind donations, and programs such as our NextGen Professionals digital skills initiative and our US Racial Equity Fund.

We continue to embed robust governance and ethical business practices in every area of our company to increase transparency and accountability while protecting the security and data privacy of our customers.

Although we’ve moved quickly and made tremendous advances over the past year, there’s more work to do on our global impact journey.

We understand there will be challenges ahead, as well as opportunities.

We’re fully committed to continue to drive the innovation, collaboration, and inclusion needed to build stakeholder trust and create a more sustainable, equitable, and ethical world.

This includes all required operational GHG emissions from within our inventory boundary at our offices and data centers.

Rewards can only be used to make donations to eligible nonprofits.

By harnessing the power of the Now Platform, ServiceNow ESG solutions empower organizations to mobilize ESG and build customer, investor, and employee trust.

We’re committed to helping companies contribute to a better, more sustainable, and equitable world while delivering growth and value over the long term.

ESG is a top priority for our customers and partners in every corner of the enterprise from the C suite and board of directors to every employee, supplier, customer, and business partner around the world.

Corporate leaders care about ESG because of this broad stakeholder impact: Employees increasingly choose to work for purpose driven companies, boards and investors mandate progress, and getting ESG right has significant financial and competitive implications.

C suite stakeholder in every industry is compelled to act from the CEO and CFO to the CHRO and CIO, as well as business segment leaders.

That’s why we’re developing integrated solutions that cut across enterprise silos and ecosystems solutions that address our customers’ biggest issues (and the issues their customers, employees, and investors care about).

These solutions help mitigate risk, control costs, and even grow the top line.

We’re taking the power of the Now Platform and the solutions our customers have come to trust and rely on, and we’re enhancing them to address environmental, social, and governance needs.

As we progress on our own ESG journey, we’re building systems to help customers turn ESG strategy into action.

Together, we create value for business, society, and the planet.

By keeping data and ideas flowing across value chains and providing engaging and productive digital experiences, the Now Platform unites the people, processes, and systems that make work happen in the right way for the benefit of everyone.

Our integrated ESG solution, ESG Command Center, launched in October 2021.

Management and Strategic Portfolio Management solutions along with our partner ecosystem.

This solution, together with our existing and custom built workflows and apps, gives organizations the range of tools they need to turn their ESG strategies into action.

ESG initiatives from setting goals and collecting data to auditing activities and tracking and disclosing performance.

ESG initiatives in every part of the organization.

Incorporates ESG considerations topics, create goals and metrics, maintain their ESG roadmap through and data into enterprise wide risk track performance, collect and validate audit ready data, and strategy, planning, and budgeting and compliance management by tools.

Companies can track costs and offering core governance capabilities, create metric disclosures that align resources, gain visibility into their ESG advanced risk assessments, continuous with major ESG reporting frameworks.

Evidence of customer interest in how the Now Platform over all ESG activities across the enterprise, and activate can address ESG can be found in the sheer volume their ESG agenda faster and at scale while managing of customer conversations.

C suite, confirming that ESG is a top business priority.

Many customers are using the power of our Now Platform and solutions to solve a broad range of ESG issues, from governance and compliance to risk management to vaccine management and much more.

Vaccination Administration Management (VAM) solution, supporting the rapid scale up of the state’s vaccine rollout.

The ServiceNow VAM solution was selected by NSW Health in May 2021 to ensure scalability and ease of use.

It’s designed to manage the entire vaccination process, including booking an appointment, tracking vaccination doses, recording clinical information, managing clinic workflows, and interfacing with the Australian Immunization Register.

Our work in developing the VAM solution has further advanced the innovation of the ServiceNow digital health platform.

It allows healthcare providers, payers, and life science companies to bring together data, systems, and workflows to increase the value for each patient and reduce the complexity of care delivery across the healthcare ecosystem.

Our digital health platform helps organizations support changing business and care models that increase patient engagement, reduce the burden on care teams, and increase transparency needed for a better care experience.

The ServiceNow VAM has simplified and automated workflows between administrators, clinicians, and patients, so that NSW Health centers can vaccinate more people, faster and safer.

Oslo, Norway extensive network of vendors are a critical fundament of that reputation.

DNB’s challenge was to control partner related risk without incurring astronomical costs.

The company needed a streamlined process built around a flexible tool that supported easy integration and automation.

The tool DNB chose was ServiceNow Vendor Risk Management.

A holistic approach to third party risk management made much better sense than monitoring specific risk triggers.

Corporate social responsibility: A third party partner with lax ethics.

Supply chain integrity: Any breach along the supply chain can have dire security consequences for an entire partner network.

As a leading global professional services company, Avanade needs to show compliance to its clients, regulators, and its parent company.

Because of this, Avanade has an overriding focus on effective governance, risk, and compliance (GRC).

We had an on premises system, but we were concerned about its scalability.

And, despite having a tool, our compliance team still had to use spreadsheets to track regulatory updates from our legal team.

Our team is small, so we were overloaded particularly with the high number of regulatory changes.

The transition to ServiceNow for GRC was completed with the help of Accenture in just six months.

Before, governance, risk, and compliance were disconnected processes.

For example, by looking at compliance, we can immediately see our risks.

To explore more about how ServiceNow helps customers and communities address ESG challenges see our ESG Use Case Guide and our ESG solutions.

We continue to forge partnerships like this to address enterprise.

That’s why, industries, regions, regulations, and emerging ESG in 2021, we teamed up with KPMG as our launch partner challenges and opportunities.

We’ve also expanded to activate ESG in organizations around the world.

Over the past year, we strengthened our KPMG partnership to help our customers better manage risk and compliance, increase security, build resilience, and deliver ESG value faster.

ESG Command Center, ServiceNow Security Operations, and ServiceNow Vendor Risk Management solutions offers organizations a powerful set of tools to build and maintain trust with the people they do business with.

In addition to the solutions we provide, customers and partners create custom apps and apply their own deep expertise to address the ESG use cases specific to their organization, industry, and region.

Portal with App Engine, eliminating multiple workflow systems.

Many custom apps are deployed to the portal, including Scrap Management for waste material management in the company’s beauty, laundry, home care, and adhesive business units.

Reaching this goal will require building strong partnerships across our entire value chain.

Climate change has left no region on Earth untouched.

We’re seeing the results now in floods and droughts, heat operations, business travel, and work from home.

Measuring our carbon footprint let us understand the full impact of our business, not only in our operations but across our value chain.

This effort helped lay the groundwork for engaging with suppliers to reduce our carbon footprint.

Collaboration and innovation are the targeted under the Paris Agreement on climate change.

Only with dramatic cuts in GHG emissions can we keep increases in global temperature to below 1.5 C.

Conference, reinforced the urgency for all of us to act energy saving infrastructure.

Some targets we set for quickly to create the greatest impact.

We laid the foundation with our waste and water usage are no longer our ambitious environmental goals in 2020 and then built top priorities.

Establishing our baseline let us commit to science based to manage assets and decarbonize their operations targets and accelerate our goals for 2021 and beyond.

Our new environmental policy outlines our key commitments for a sustainable future.

We balance the remaining 52% of our demand with the purchase of renewable energy certificates (RECs).

Here, we purchase renewable electricity through the Santa Clara Green Power program that matches 100% of our electricity usage with RECs.

At least 80% of this solar generation comes from California.

We achieved carbon neutrality through efficiency from operations and business travel to include our measures, 100% renewable electricity, and financing work from home footprint.

As our carbon footprint of carbon offset projects.

High quality carbon offsets are from projects that adhere to the highest standard of third party verification.

This project distributes improved cookstoves to women and children while reducing carbon.

The project aims to improve community health by residue and sawdust.

As a result, 1,773 hectares of forest replacing traditional cooking methods while helping to are saved from destruction every year.

The Congo Basin is the second largest tropical rainforest on Earth and the largest carbon sink.

The forest is essential to mitigate impacts of climate change, maintain biodiversity, and sustain life.

ServiceNow supports the Mai Ndombe REDD Project that protects 740,000 acres of critical bonobo and forest elephant habitat within the Congo Basin.

Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from business travel and work from.

Ensure 65% of suppliers by spend have approved science based.

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 70% by 2026 from a 2019 targets by 2026. baseline year, in line with the 1.5 C trajectory recommended by the.

We organize GHG protocol categories into business activities to illustrate where the greatest impact is from our carbon footprint.

We allocate carbon based on business activities where appropriate.

For example, all scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions associated with offices are allocated to the offices category footprint.

We’ve decoupled our revenue growth from our carbon emissions growth.

While our revenue increased 70% from 2019 to 2021, our carbon footprint reduced by 21% in the same period.

This reduction resulted from a combination of efficiencies across our operations and data centers, and updates in emission factors.

Now that we’ve reduced Scope 2 emissions by achieving 100% renewable electricity, 99% of our emissions come from our value chain including purchased goods and services, capital goods, business travel, employee commuting (including work from home), fuel and energy related activities.

That majority portion makes engaging our suppliers critical to achieving our reduction goals.

Having this information helps us understand how we can meet our SBTi supplier engagement target of 65% by 2026.

In 2022, we’ll further engage with our supply chain on climate and energy through the CDP Supply Chain Program, which helps companies drive action in their supply chains to improve environmental performance.

Going forward, we’ll continue to commit to 100% renewable electricity across our operations to further shrink our carbon footprint and we’re committed to providing our customers with a carbon neutral cloud.

To be sustainable, data centers depend on energy of, such as temperature or humidity values beyond efficient design.

Most data centers got off to a bad expected ranges or localized hot spots that could start making them clean and green wasn’t in the plan.

They’re huge consumers of electricity, and that may only issues.

ServiceNow can work with data center providers increase with cloud services, edge computing, artificial to improve mechanical solutions, change rack layouts, or intelligence, and the Internet of Things.

Along with enhance room design to reduce power consumption.

Although adopting a sustainability mindset for data sustainability has also become a top criterion when centers is a culture shock for many operators, it’s nothing we source, evaluate, and award contracts.

As we add new data centers around the world, new for us.

We’ve been working to improve data center efficiency and increase capacity for years.

When it comes to improving data center efficiency, knowledge is power.

We gather data from more than 30 global data centers, including historical and real time power usage.

By collecting and analyzing data from the co location providers that lease rack space to us at the majority of these data centers, we can help them run as efficiently as possible.

In many cases, we’re renting shared spaces, not purpose built rooms.

ServiceNow is intensely focused on improving all environmental sustainability aspects of our global cloud infrastructure.

This means utilizing the power of the Now Platform for insights into what’s happening within our data centers and using those insights to enact the changes that will accelerate our environmental goals and commitments around the world.

Data center operations teams need to know the latest to capture and analyze real time data on power use best practices in data center sustainability to support at the rack level, establish a baseline, and monitor and our climate goals and our customers’ expectations.

Data Center Sustainability Professional certification, we’re building both a culture and knowledge of sustainability across our operations team.

Several data center operations staff around the globe have earned independent certification in Certified Data Center Sustainability Professional (CDCSP ) training.

They’ve gained a deep understanding of mechanical and electrical engineering components to design, build, and operate the most efficient data centers possible.

As noted above, 43% of our co location partners provide high quality renewable electricity.

We’re working with them to increase that over time and put RECs in place for the remainder.

We’re also working to help customers meet their carbon reduction goals with a trial of power usage reporting on the Now Platform.

We hope to ratify and approve implementation in 2022.

Customers will be able to look at power use from both rack internals and power distribution units to understand their carbon footprint.

To prevent mixing hot and cold air at the rack level and to boost efficiency, we developed a cold aisle containment solution in 2021.

Hot waste air from hardware is exhausted out of the data center.

Cold air that costs a lot in power and money to produce is routed directly to the rack server hardware intakes.

This arrangement means the temperature doesn’t rise significantly before the chilled air reaches the devices that need cooling.

We now have a baseline for our supplier ecosystem especially the reduction in Scope 3 emissions it’s vital available to our sourcing staff.

By looking at the scores we select suppliers that share our purpose, values, and for multiple areas together, we have a more complete vision.

By working together, we can help them become profile of each supplier and can make more responsible more capable, compliant, and competitive.

In 2021, one of our top priorities was to implement third party tools to measure various aspects of responsible over time.

Responsible procurement requires a commitment ethics, supplier diversity, and financial health.

We found our predictive risk rating to be low for the majority of active ServiceNow suppliers.

We’ve communicated with our highest risk suppliers and the most critical ones to help them raise their scores.

Although assessing our carbon footprint took precedence over a waste survey in 2021, we still made meaningful advances.

We successfully implemented a pilot to reduce packaging waste for data center hardware deliveries by truck in Germany.

By consolidating orders into larger shipments, we cut what would normally be five or more materials deliveries for the data center build to two, significantly reducing packaging materials as well as emissions.

In addition, for our recent Germany based project, we requested our suppliers to reduce the volume packaging materials and return what they use for recycling or reuse.

We’re now working to adopt that practice with our suppliers for future projects.

In 2022, we plan to review the pilot results with suppliers and extend this effort globally.

To achieve our goals for adopting sustainable business practices and protecting the planet, we must act quickly to deliver on our science based targets and achieve net zero emissions by 2030.

Our future depends on reducing GHG emissions across operations, data centers, and especially our supply chain.

We have the talent, tools, and commitment to do the work and to make a profound impact for our employees, customers, partners, investors, communities, and planet.

Everything we do should help our people live their best lives, do their best work, and fulfill our purpose together.

The key to our company’s growth is fostering an inclusive culture in which all our people have equitable opportunities to thrive.

Throughout the COVID 19 pandemic, economic ecosystem while doing good in the larger community.

What differentiates ServiceNow is how we bring our values our employees safe, healthy, and thriving.

We’re to life and how they influence and inform our culture in a spearheading a once in a generation opportunity way our people can embrace.

In 2021, we welcomed a new chief people officer and followed in January 2022 with a new chief equity and inclusion officer.

Both have rich experience in making the world work better for everyone, from employees to customers.

They’re the face of our company today along with customers, partners, and other stakeholders and the true measure of success as we grow to 15 billion in revenue and beyond.

Our investments go beyond our employees to the communities around the world in which we work and live.

In 2021, we shifted our community focus to four critical areas: decarbonization, racial equity, digital readiness, and disaster response.

The People Pact business strategies, developed our People Pact, and identified our priorities and goals.

We also established pandemic related policies, processes, infrastructure, and solutions to keep employees safe and healthy in the new world of work.

Our CEO, Bill McDermott, says we need to know more, care more, and do more to inspire people to be their best.

That’s why we created and launched our People Pact in January 2022 codifying our commitment to each other at ServiceNow.

ServiceNow puts people at the center of everything we do.

At the foundation, our people strategy is rooted in our unique values, the authentic culture we’ve fostered, and the systems, data, and insights we put in place to help us scale and grow.

Invest in new learning journeys for grow, and retain the people who will drive workforce, equitable processes that our people to grow themselves and our business forward.

At the start of the pandemic, ServiceNow committed to supporting employee well being.

We quickly adopted a company policy encouraging all employees to work remotely.

As COVID 19 peaked in countries around the world, we responded.

We implemented a pandemic medical leave policy, provided a one time home office equipment and wellness stipend in 2020, and from June through September 2021, all of our global employees enjoyed additional time off with recharge half day Fridays.

In addition, our standard, comprehensive benefits cover physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs beyond COVID 19.

ServiceNow provided on campus vaccination drives, virtual information sessions with doctors, and other COVID 19 related medical benefits for our India based employees.

We developed a distributed work model in 2021 that gives employees more flexibility about where they work and added new guidelines, policies, and benefits to complement the model.

The model lets employees easily change their work personas among flexible, remote, and in office options.

It also provides a 30 day work from anywhere benefit for flexible and remote employees and a home office reimbursement benefit for remote employees.

In October, we announced our new Future of Work policy, designed to treat our people fairly and equitably wherever they work.

For example, beginning in 2022, most of our employees are expected in a workplace three or fewer days a week.

Of those interns who received an offer, 81% world of work.

In addition to programs designed to hone accepted a return offer as either a full time employee or technical skills, we’re implementing new development an intern.

The burden on managers in the new world of work has exceeded our representation objectives across three never been greater, so we’re investing in a best in class categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, manager development experience to equip them to and women in leadership.

We’re particularly proud of our Women Back to Work returnship program, our 1 million investment in Benedict College (a historically Black college in South Carolina), and our Strive leadership program for Black and Latinx employees.

Programs like our partnership with The Leadership Consortium, G100, Strive, and Signature Leaders will continue to focus on building a diverse pipeline of future leaders at the company.

As of the second quarter of 2020, our underrepresented our Power of 10 women in leadership program brings minorities representation in the US stood at 11.4%.

It cohorts of 10 women together from across the company.

In 2021, we expanded the program to include senior two or more races, Native American or Alaska Native, managers and more than tripled participation year over and Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander ( URM ).

This prompted us to set a goal to achieve 15% URM representation by 2025.

Additionally, our NextGen program helps create equitable opportunities and empower the workforce of the future for people traditionally excluded from technology.

Our gender globally and race and ethnicity in the US.

This company benefits from a diverse and global has enabled us to achieve systematic pay equity and representation of genders, ethnicities, cultures, ages, make sure it is lasting.

In 2021, all of our global pay mindsets, and abilities in our workforce in a welcoming adjustments impacted less than 1% of our employee environment with equitable treatment for everyone.

To ensure everyone thrives, we need the right policies, global payroll costs.

We are proud that we continue to resources, and cultural awareness.

Our Belonging Groups, which promote engagement in our community, included 41% of our employee population in 2021.

We also launched our eighth Belonging Group, for Asian and Pacific Islander employees at ServiceNow.

We’re building awareness of our communities through employee storytelling, including Pride at ServiceNow (LGTBTQ ), Unidos at ServiceNow (Latinx), Veterans at ServiceNow, and People with Disabilities at ServiceNow.

Going forward, we’re committed to weaving diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) into everything we do hiring, developing, promoting, and rewarding people.

Enable and empower our people: Drive a relentless commitment to employee belonging and success by enhancing equitable processes, policies, and practices across moments that matter for our employees.

Hire with intent: Recruit high performing and diverse talent across all levels by designing a unique and exemplary hiring process that is global and collaborative.

Amplify DEI impact: Build on the global ESG DEI movement with human ingenuity and technology by advancing DEI with like minded customers, suppliers, and community partners.

Because pay is so dynamic, especially in a high growth company like ours, we manage it on a regular basis.

We perform ongoing, regular analysis and adjust as needed.

We advocate for disabled employees, accessibility, and experiences empowerment, and service.

We champion an inclusive workplace and authentic self for LGBTQ our bond as people.

We serve those who served and connect veterans to purpose and respect and tolerance.

We advance a diverse workforce where women are enabled, and give back.

Our purpose is to make the world work better for everyone.

It’s my firm belief that we can extend that goal in diversity, equity, and inclusion, building a culture of belonging that is bold, brave, and benevolent.

The more diverse our suppliers, the more backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences we can tap to shape our future.

Our diverse supplier spend, which is 16% of our overall 2021 spend, runs above the industry norm of 3% to 5%.8 We plan to continue driving spend toward diverse suppliers, including small businesses, and maintaining an above average spend.

Previously, we lacked information to help the sourcing team or stakeholders consider or select diverse suppliers.

To remedy this, we’ve engaged the National Minority Supplier Development Council and Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.

These groups cover the majority of diverse supplier categories.

By working with them, we anticipate generating more opportunities for minority and women owned suppliers.

For more information, please refer to our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report 2022.

In 2021, Waste Management hosted a multiday supplier diversity event, Share the Green, to provide opportunities for women of all ethnicities who own US businesses.

Giving these businesses a chance to create awareness and engagement opened the door to corporate commitments for further exploration and the possibility of becoming suppliers.

Our participation in this virtual event enabled us to meet with suppliers who offer business consulting, IT services, catering, event planning, accounting, marketing, advertising, and more.

We selected two diverse suppliers for further evaluation.

When it comes to creating equitable opportunity for everyone, we don’t stop at employees, customers, or partners.

In 2021, we shifted our community engagement strategy from digital literacy and food security to decarbonization, racial equity, digital readiness, and disaster response.

We made these changes to better align with our employees’ interests, address societal challenges, and support our overarching ESG strategy.

Our 2021 goal was to deliver 7.5 million in grants including corporate match and rewards to organizations that align with our focus areas.

We exceeded that by more than 2.5 million, thanks in part to almost 3,700 donors representing nearly 22% of our employee base.

We believe that to solve some of the world’s most complex problems, we must first target areas where we can make the greatest impact.

Accelerating carbon emission reductions is critical for all our stakeholders, and it’s an area where we can make a major impact.

We’re taking a two pronged approach, encouraging rapid growth of natural vegetation with reforestation programs and investing in organizations that create more sustainable energy resources.

We made a 1 million, two year commitment to support decarbonization through nonprofit partnerships, including GivePower and Amigos de Iracambi US.

We’re intent on increasing representation for diverse groups by breaking down barriers for wealth creation, including entrepreneurship, homeownership, and leadership in underserved communities.

Our 100 million Racial Equity Fund was fully distributed.

It is designed to drive more sustainable wealth creation through homeownership, entrepreneurship, and neighborhood revitalization within Black communities in 10 regions across the US.

Future generations must have the tools and resources to be successful in the digital economy.

We work with our people team, product team, and others to invest in secondary education, early in career development, and reskilling opportunities.

Our 1 million donation to the University of California San Diego scholarship endowment fund will help ensure more students can access an engineering education.

Each year, six to 12 students who are majoring in computer science and show a demonstrated contribution to diversity, equity, and inclusion will receive a scholarship with the chance to renew every year as long as they remain in good academic standing.

To support the communities in which we live and operate, we’ve built strategic relationships with organizations on the ground.

This collaboration will ensure we can respond quickly when disaster strikes.

We provided in kind product donations, including Workplace Service Delivery facility management software, in addition to a multiyear cash donation commitment to Second Harvest of Silicon Valley.

Arun, workplace services lead, took part in a crisis management tiger team in Hyderabad.

The team quickly created a community communication channel to provide information to employees and respond to requests for help.

Responding to the crisis forged strong connections among employees all over the world.

Our team made significant contributions to one of our largest giving campaigns, resulting in more than 500,000 being donated solely through our corporate match program.

ServiceNow also worked with employees to identify local and international organizations assisting on the ground to support communities in need.

Our two signature programs include NextGen, which supports our focus on digital readiness, and Incubators and Accelerators, which supports all of our community engagement focus areas.

The NextGen Professionals program helps make work better for everyone with skills, training, and opportunities to thrive in the digital economy.

Of the more than 1,900 NextGen beneficiaries eligible for employment, we connected more than 1,300 to jobs in our ecosystem, exceeding our hiring goal by almost 10% for the year.

We reached more than 2,700 beneficiaries in total, just shy of our goal of 3,000.

This was primarily due to shifting our focus from a technical university program in India to underserved communities.

Since inception, we’ve engaged with more than 6,300 beneficiaries and helped connect more than 3,000 to employment.

By closing the digital divide, we also created value for our ecosystem.

To see how the program looks in action, watch the video about Emmanuel Ndohku from the UK.

I’m a migrant who came to the UK with nothing about seven years ago.

Despite having a physics degree from Cameroon and some experience in accounting, my job search proved unsuccessful.

I knew that I had a lot to offer... that’s when NextGen came and transformed my life.

It’s given me my life back and set me up on a career path I would have never thought that I would have.

Our resources enable us to help entrepreneurs and visionaries develop businesses that address issues aligned with our community engagement focus areas.

ServiceNow supports incubators and accelerators that provide mentorship, skills and, potentially, funding to nonprofits and small businesses that develop innovative solutions for the world’s most complex problems.

The ServiceNow 2021 MIT Solve Digital Workforce Challenge asked, How can historically underserved communities prepare for, access, and prosper in the digital workforce The winner of the 100,000 grand prize was Fable, a Toronto based company that conducts user research and accessibility testing to help leading companies improve digital products.

When we all come together for the greater community, we can foster ideas, drive innovation, and create the change we want to see.

Team building volunteer opportunities with Goodera.

Global impact councils in 17 of our larger offices and remote employees that organize giving and volunteer opportunities.

During our inaugural Month of Service in October, our employees and C suite executives played an active role in accelerating our impact by collectively volunteering nearly 7,000 hours.

In 2021, we logged more than 19,000 volunteer hours, exceeding our goal of 15,000 by almost 33%, with 13% of employees participating.

The work of ServiceNow volunteers benefited more than 440 organizations.

Our work on social initiatives starts with our employees but extends to customers, partners, communities, and the world.

We’re developing robust opportunities to bring people into the workforce and providing flexibility for them to work where they want and contribute in ways that are meaningful to them.

These efforts are driving a new level of engagement, inspiration, and purpose among our employees.

We’re also spearheading vital change in communities globally.

We’ll continue to walk the talk to achieve a global vision that works for us and generations to come.

Every day, we earn trust with our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and our communities by acting with integrity and aligning to our values.

As caretakers of our customers’ data, we have an immense responsibility to protect it.

We’re laser focused accountable, and transparent to our stakeholders which on and invest heavily in security, compliance, and builds trust.

Trust is the foundation of our relationship privacy to meet industry and regulatory expectations with all of our stakeholders, from our employees to our to secure customer data.

Our dedicated global team of customers to our shareholders, and beyond.

We work more than 225 security professionals are focused 24 7 to every day to earn that trust and to build on that trust to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our make great things happen.

In 2021, we stepped up ethics training for our employees, building content relevant to the real life issues our employees face, and increasing employee engagement with our ethics program.

We also continued to build on the transparency of our ESG strategy, creating our first Global Impact Report that publicly states our commitments and goals, and frames our conversations with stakeholders.

Trust, governance, and ethics underscore how we work new and ever evolving laws and regulations to facing from our ESG strategy to our business strategy.

Although the challenges that come with the ethical use of data, the nominating and governance committee of our board privacy issues, and security.

ESG strategy, our entire board of directors is involved.

In 2021, environmental and DEI related targets were considered part of the individual component in each of our Named Executive Officer’s 2021 Cash Incentive program to motivate execution against our ESG strategy.

We use our own Now Platform and solutions in areas of governance, risk, and compliance, including our new ESG Management solution.

Through our Policy and Compliance Management tool, we can assess the health of our policies and control environment.

This helps define which policies should be reviewed and updated.

Effective governance starts with up to date policies and controls.

Our cross enterprise ESG steering committee, with executive sponsorship from our CFO, continues to provide oversight support for our ESG strategy, goals, and progress.

Our board of directors updated the charter of the audit committee to specifically outline its role in the oversight of the controls for ESG disclosures.

Company’s environmental, social, and governance disclosures.

In 2021, we issued our first Global Impact Report, building on the precedent we set the prior year in issuing our first ESG Fact Sheet.

We used this shareholder feedback, in addition to feedback received through ESG ratings and customer and partner inquiries, to increase the transparency of our disclosures while creating an accessible, readable report.

In addition, we created a global impact webpage, which received more than 9,100 unique visitors to the site and more than 12,000 total visits during 2021.

Along with our values and purpose, they’re how we make sure we win the right way for our company, teams, customers, partners, shareholders, and communities.

Over the past year, we strengthened our Code of Ethics business, including the various scenarios by which we training to be more friendly and relatable, incorporating use data, under our Data Ethics Council.

The council our company values into the module and using examples comprises a cross functional group of key leaders specifically tailored to situations employees may see who work together to consider the key aspects and in their work at ServiceNow.

We also updated our challenges around how we use data, including any compliance training to provide more awareness around ethical crossroads, to provide guidance based on our the ethical use of AI and data.

To ensure all employees are aligned with our values, we provide each one from our executive officers to new hires with annual ethics and compliance training.

In June and July 2021, we hosted an employee led discussion series on the societal impact of AI.

We used Coded Bias a 2020 award winning documentary on facial recognition technology as the starting point for the conversations.

Raise awareness of issues at the intersection of technology and society.

Use our collective brainpower to think about actions we can take as individuals, within our teams, and at ServiceNow as an organization to address these issues.

The event is cool in and of itself: taking a step back to consider how our work building workflows could have unintended consequences for the very people we are trying to serve.

That’s important and essential for us to reach our goals.

We’re committed to fostering an environment in which open, honest communication is the expectation, not the exception.

Our Speak Up program makes it easy for employees to raise concerns.

We’ve invested in communicating our Speak Up program to employees and have seen the benefits of that investment in greater employee engagement.

It outlines our pledge to respect human rights, including how we comply with all related laws and regulations, our stance on the ethical use of data, how we support accountability for our employees, and our position on DEI.

In 2021, we advocated for the inclusion of language in the National Defense Authorization Act that mandates the US Department of Defense (DoD) track sexual assaults in the military.

When it comes to security and data privacy, we take a comprehensive approach to governance.

We’re vigilant in protecting the security of the data customers entrust to us, bringing together various business stakeholders to review how that data is managed and to provide guidance.

Our board of directors also reviews security risks and control gaps on a regular basis to ensure we’re continuously improving.

The Now Platform supports some of the most highly regulated customers in the world.

Our continuous investment in data privacy, security, and compliance features is aligned with rigorous global regulatory requirements and standards.

This approach allows our customers to foster a trusted relationship with their customers and enhance brand loyalty.

ServiceNow data usage, storage, and deletion policies.

The committee helps us evaluate our various data governance processes, as well as monitor and evaluate our data governance health as an organization.

This leads to more robust capabilities and developments across our Now Platform and product offerings.

For example, we adapted a workflow that was built on the Now Platform to make it more efficient and comprehensive in addressing data subject requests.

In turn, we were able to offer this capability to our customers.

We continue to evolve our data privacy approach to stay ahead of global trends and key inflection points.

This includes proactive engagement, positioning, and reaction to upcoming legislation, as well as building processes ahead of legislation.

EU based solution for customers who would prefer to have their EU hosted data handled within EU borders.

This new delivery model is market leading and helps build trust and reassurance with our customers.

It helps customers continue their day to day business with a unique offering, granting further comfort for them around their compliance obligations.

Our new EU centric service delivery model will give our current customers and partners peace of mind.

For customers and partners operating in highly regulated industries, in the public sector, or those that have yet to make the switch to the cloud, this model gives them certainty and simplicity when selecting the cloud service that best suits their needs.

From financial services to telecommunications to the emerging cyberthreats and security challenges.

We public sector, our data practices help customers around worked with like minded firms to establish a critical the globe feel more secure so they can do their best work software as a service special interest group (CSaaS SIG) with confidence.

This facilitates the flow of information between organizations, accelerates response, stops the proliferation of repeated attacks, and reduces security risk.

SaaS providers compete in the marketplace, we share a common goal of advancing security in the industry.

Internally, every employee at ServiceNow contributes to our data security efforts.

We require employees to complete a formal privacy and security training each year, and we provide a number of learning tools to remind employees of their important role in protecting data security.

We also allow customers to perform penetration tests so they can feel more confident working with us.

We continue to conduct regular tabletop exercises with select targeted customer accounts to help increase resilience and preparedness.

Working together through a simulated disaster scenario around security and data privacy helps us build greater levels of assurance and trust.

Our customers are some of the most regulated in the world.

We make significant investments in security and data privacy not only to meet their expectations, but also so they can provide the same level of security and privacy protections to their own customers.

In March 2022, we increased our US Department of Defense (DoD) Impact Level from IL4 to IL5.

Delivering resilience in times of crisis resilience and our ability to work anywhere, anytime.

As the pandemic continued during 2021, we hired and onboarded an estimated 5,500 new employees and 500 interns, all virtually.

Administration Management to ensure their safe return, manage risks, and avoid business disruptions.

The lessons we learned since the start of the pandemic have helped us better understand the potential impacts of future systemic disruptions.

We have a firmer grasp on how to engage our workforce differently as we move to a new distributed work model that will be more sustainable and benefit our workforce and planet.

As we noted in last year’s report, managing risk is not only our responsibility, it’s also our opportunity.

Business Continuity Management solution, launched in late 2020, continues to help us and our customers be more resilient when confronted with adverse events.

Aegon is a multinational insurance, pension, and asset management company with 29.9 million customers and 22,300 employees.

ServiceNow Business Continuity Management solution helped the IT infrastructure business unit of Aegon fight COVID 19, enabling it to pass vital information between countries.

It also supported the company’s planning when an inland hurricane, or derecho, hit its largest US office.

With COVID, followed by the storm disaster, our use of the Now Platform has been monumental.

We are committed to continuously earn the trust of our stakeholders our employees, customers, partners, and communities to make great things happen.

We will remain laser focused on protecting our customers’ data through employee training, proactive industry engagement, and the power of our Now Platform and solutions.

We will lead with ethics, accountability, and transparency, and in doing so live our values, achieve our purpose, and exemplify responsible leadership.

We’re extremely proud of the pace we’ve set and the progress we’ve made over the past year.

We’ll continue to listen to and learn from all of our stakeholders to help us better support the people and communities we serve.

We’re committed to addressing the challenges and opportunities that are in front of us.

Achieve even greater impact by delivering solutions on the Now Platform that empower our customers to embed and strengthen ESG in their own operations and better serve their stakeholders.

Expand our carbon neutrality commitment to provide our customers with a carbon neutral cloud.

Continue to develop our roadmap for 2026 near term SBTi targets.

Build on our 2021 progress to develop our net zero by 2030 roadmap.

Deliver a new enterprise wide strategic workforce plan and location strategy focused on underserved communities.

Strengthen our culture of belonging through a dynamic DEI strategy.

Deliver on our January 2022 announcement to make the Now Platform more inclusive for a wide range of diverse needs, whether physical or cognitive.

Create measurable impact around the world through our community engagement efforts, including 25,000 hours of volunteer time logged and 30% giving participation.

Contribute to closing the digital divide by reaching 4,500 beneficiaries through our NextGen Professionals digital skills programs.

Continue to mature the disclosure of our ESG strategy through strong governance and oversight.

Continue to build customer trust around our use of data through the guidance of our Data Ethics Council and our data governance steering committee.

Develop new training programs and processes for ServiceNow and our partners around the ethical use of data.

Uphold our commitment to protecting security and data privacy for our business, customers, and partners.

Work toward certification of our platform apps to meet the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

At ServiceNow, the connections we create open a world of possibilities.

It’s what happens when we come together to do what’s right and take actions that move us forward.

As we progress on our ESG journey, we dream even bigger.

And we’ll continue to listen, learn, and take bold steps to ensure we make the world work better for everyone.

We engage in a wide variety of activities to support our ESG strategies.

While we disclose what we believe to be the material items in this report, certain information may not be disclosed within our Annex if it is not considered material privileged, or confidential could cause a competitive disadvantage to our business if publicly disseminated or is not currently collected in a manner wholly correlated with the related ESG metric.

In 2020, we partnered with a third party sustainability adviser, BSR, to update our ESG materiality assessment to prioritize the most important near term and long term emerging environmental, social, and governance (ESG) topics to our business and stakeholders.

The priority topics that emerged are reflected as Tier 1, 2, or 3 issues and guide the content of this report.

Our tier 1 issues are those in which we have the greatest opportunity to create value.

They will inform the ongoing development of our sustainability strategy.

In 2021, we streamlined two of our material issues by making future of work part of our people priority, and making digital divide part of our community engagement priority.

In 2022, we will refresh our materiality assessment.

Standards and regulations in this area are evolving, and we will continue to develop and adapt our reporting accordingly.

We engage a broad set of stakeholders across our value chain as part of delivering on our ESG strategy and fulfilling our purpose.

Those stakeholders, and how we engage with them, are listed below.

Annual Employee Voice Survey (EVS) first half of year.

Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Leadership Summit.

Employee Voice Survey (EVS) check in survey (second half of year).

Now at Work (Workplace by Facebook) communications channel.

Best practice sharing via Now Create and Customer Success Center.

Engage with civil society and nonprofit organizations on topics related to our community engagement focus areas (decarbonization, racial equity, digital readiness, disaster response).

Philanthropic donations, including in kind and cash donations.

Association of Corporate Citizen Professionals (ACCP).

Stanford VMware Women’s Leadership Innovation Lab.

Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America member.

Just Capital’s JUST100: America’s Most JUST Companies 2022.

Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies 2022.

Silicon Valley Business Journal Top 50 Philanthropists.

Agenzia per l’Italia Digitale (AgID) Certification.

H bergeurs de Donn es de Sant (HDS) for French health data hosting.

Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP).

Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.

In 2021, we improved and expanded our GHG emissions inventory methodology by using a climate software platform for reporting against our environmental metrics.

We used this reporting methodology and applied it to previously reported 2019 and 2020 emissions.

This data was then used to calculate our carbon footprint.

Additional details are footnoted where applicable.

Our data was verified by Apex, a third party, in accordance with ISO 14064 3.

While these RECs contribute to ServiceNow’s 100% renewable electricity coverage, according to the GHG protocol, they cannot be used to reduce the Scope 2 (Market based) emissions as the RECs purchased are not in the market of use.

This is reflected in Scope 2 (Market based) emissions above.

ServiceNow provides 1:1 matching up to 1,000 USD per full time employee annually.

The decrease in employee giving in 2021 is expected due to unprecedented giving trends in 2020 as a result of the start of the Covid 19 pandemic and Racial Injustice in the United States.

ServiceNow is committed to transparently disclosing material sustainability information for our investors and other stakeholders.

The table below references SASB’s Software and IT Services Standard, Version 2018 10, which is most relevant to our operations.

Unless otherwise specified, the data and descriptions are current as of year end 2021.

We will continue to evaluate additional topics and metrics for inclusion in future reports.

ServiceNow does not currently report on water consumption but plans to assess this further in the future.

As ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment, it is not focused on secondary utilization, and therefore this information is not relevant to this report.

In 2021, ServiceNow did not have any fines or losses as a result of legal proceedings with user privacy.

As ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment and such requests are more likely to be requested from our customers directly, this information is not relevant to this report.

ServiceNow complies with any necessary obligations, including, but not limited to, requirements under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Export Control Regulations.

ServiceNow headquarters are in Santa Clara, California.

At the end of 2021, 25.3% of full time employees in the United States were foreign nationals and 1.25% of US employees were located outside of the US.

Results from ServiceNow’s 2021 Employee Voice Survey found 82% favorable employee engagement.

We considered recommended disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), unless otherwise noted, data reported covers Jan. 1, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021, ServiceNow’s fiscal year.

Our global headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, with 76 offices in 29 countries and 30 data centers in 13 countries.

ServiceNow does not have a significant portion of the company’s activities performed by workers who are not employees.

ServiceNow does not have a significant seasonal variation in employees.

We consider the precautionary principle in the introduction of a new product or process whose ultimate effects are disputed or unknown should be resisted.

All employees are encouraged to Speak Up and report any good faith belief that misconduct or a violation of our Code of Ethics has occurred.

Employees have several ways to Speak Up to report their concerns.

The various ways employees can Speak Up are highlighted in our Code of Ethics and on our Legal Ethics and Compliance microsite.

Our Chief Financial Officer is the ESG executive sponsor and the ESG function is managed by the VP, ESG Finance Strategy.

We post select information about our board of directors on our website.

Frederic B. Luddy is chairman of the board of directors and is not an executive officer.

The effective management of enterprise risks is reported to the Board of Directors annually based on risk information collected from key stakeholders throughout the year.

This risk report is presented by the VP of Audit, Risk and Control Assurance and includes top of mind enterprise risks showing inherent and residual scoring as well as key risk drivers and their mitigations.

ESG is specifically addressed as an individual risk but is also represented as a subset of other key risks, for example cyber, data privacy, talent.

The process for communicating critical concerns to the Board of Directors leverages input from the Risk and Compliance Steering Committee, executive management and the annual risk assessment results.

These are collated and distributed to the Board of Directors on an annual basis or ad hoc pending criticality.

None of our US employees are represented by a labor union.

Employees in certain European countries are represented by workers’ councils and may have the benefits of collective bargaining arrangements at the national level.

ServiceNow engages with stakeholders who have impact and interest in issues important to ServiceNow.

There are two reporting restatements for our Global Impact Report 2021 (2020 data): 1) We improved and expanded our GHG emissions inventory methodology by using a climate software platform for reporting against our environmental metrics.

We used this reporting methodology and applied it to previously reported 2019 and 2020 emissions.

The adjusted data is reflected in our Greenhouse Gas Emissions data.

In addition, we had Tier 1 ISPs in all geographies.

In 2021, we streamlined our material issues by making future of work part of our people priority, and making digital divide part of our community engagement priority.

The Global Impact Report 2022 discloses data for the period stated unless otherwise noted.

Third party verification of GHG emissions data is provided by Apex.

ServiceNow does not have pensions or non qualified deferred compensation.

Our NextGen Professionals program employed more than 1300 (68% conversion), and our US Racial Equity Fund was fully distributed to 361 mortgages, 1,126 rental housing units, and 15 small business loans.

We conduct an annual enterprise wide risk assessment which includes a review of our anti corruption policies.

We continually review our business practices to ensure compliance.

Upon new hire, and every February, all employees are required to take the Anti Bribery Anti Corruption training.

In 2021, ServiceNow did not have any fines or losses as a result of legal actions associated with anti competitive behavior, anti trust, or monopoly practices.

ServiceNow does not sell hardware and, therefore, does not currently track the reduction in energy requirements of products.

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone depleting substances.

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone depleting substances.

ServiceNow does not currently track operational waste metrics.

In 2021, there were no findings of non compliance with environmental laws and regulations.

In 2021, there were 5,573 new employees hired globally and there was a 12% global, 1.9% involuntary, and 10.1% voluntary attrition rate.

ServiceNow operates globally and, therefore, benefits vary between countries of operation.

US employees working more than 20 hours a week are eligible to participate in ServiceNow’s benefits plan, which includes healthcare, life insurance, disability, parental leave, and 401(k), among others.

A full list of benefits for US employees can be found on our Benefits page.

ServiceNow operates globally and, therefore, benefits vary between countries of operation.

US employees working more than 20 hours a week are eligible to participate in ServiceNow’s benefits plan, which includes parental leave.

A full list of benefits for US employees can be found on our Benefits page.

In 2021, 13,135 employees were entitled to parental leave (3,831 women and 9,303 men).

Of those, 738 employees took parental leave (230 women and 507 men).

ServiceNow has implemented an occupational health and safety system as outlined in our Health, and Safety Policy and US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy.

Our H S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

In 2022, we will align all of our internal processes to ISO 45001.

We are currently in the process of aligning all of our internal safety management system to ISO 45001.

Currently we carry out risk assessment for our activities.

A new accident incident investigation process is being written and will be rolled out in 2022.

ServiceNow’s Workplace Security and Safety Team, within Workplace Services, is responsible for this area.

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow’s Health, and Safety Policy US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy and Ergonomics Policy.

Our H S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

We have undertaken an alignment process of all our procedures to ISO 45001 and ISO 45003 and this shall be completed by end of year 2022.

We provide our employees with information, training and, where needed, equipment to foster a culture of health and safety and to support safe work practices.

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow’s Health, and Safety Policy US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy and Ergonomics Policy.

Our H S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

All employees are covered by ServiceNow’s Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy.

In 2022 we are aligning all of our internal process and procedures to ISO 45001 and ISO 45003.

It addresses the many areas that can impact a worker’s psychological health, including ineffective communication, excessive pressure, poor leadership and organizational culture.

ServiceNow aims to adopt alignment to both ISO standards under OHS.

Annual mandatory code of ethics and anti bribery corruption training: 1 average hour (100% of employees).

New Hire Orientation: 8 average hours ( 5,500 new employees).

Sales training (field facing): 16 average hours ( 4,900 employees).

Technical training and enablement: 24 average hours ( 7200 employees).

Management and leadership training: 6,500 hours (completed companywide senior director and above).

Udemy online learning: 38,000 hours (completed companywide).

All employees receive regular performance and career development reviews.

Pay is so dynamic, especially in a high growth company like ours, we manage it on a regular basis.

We perform ongoing, regular analysis and adjust as needed.

As part of our process, we engage a third party to analyze pay including base salary and On Target Earnings across gender globally and race and ethnicity in the U.S.

This has enabled us to achieve systematic pay equity and make sure it is lasting.

In 2021, all of our global pay equity pay adjustments impacted less than 1% of our employee population and accounted for less than 0.05% of our global payroll costs.

We are proud that we continue to maintain systematic pay equity company wide across gender globally and race and ethnicity in the US.

Employees are encouraged to dedicate up to 20 hours year of working time toward volunteerism.

ServiceNow has created a skills based volunteering program in collaboration with Taproot Foundation to ensure employees can utilize their skills to give back.

Our employee volunteers invest in the greater community.

In 2021, ServiceNow completed a formal assessment of our emissions including Scope 1, 2, and 3 and publicly disclosed our Scope 3 emissions data.

Additionally the company’s approved near term SBTi targets have been publicly disclosed.

In 2021, we updated our donation tracking process through an upgraded version of our Donation and Sponsorship form which lives on our SURF platform.

This allows us to properly vet and understand all donations that ServiceNow commits to.

ServiceNow did not make any political contributions in 2021.

To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling.

Incidents of non compliance concerning marketing communications To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications.

ServiceNow is committed to protecting its customers, and we comply with all relevant legal and regulatory notification requirements that are applicable to our business.

In 2021, ServiceNow did not have any fines or nonmonetary sanctions for noncompliance with laws or regulations in the social and economic area.

We also disclose information on the management of our climate risks and opportunities through our Global Impact Report and our annual CDP Climate Change questionnaire.

This TCFD disclosure provides links to relevant climate related information and includes new information since the completion of our last CDP questionnaire in July 2021.

Disclose details of the process by which the board is informed of and manages climate related risks and opportunities.

The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors advises the board on ESG, including climate related risks and opportunities.

It receives briefings, at least twice a year, from ServiceNow’s ESG Steering Committee, which is chaired by the CFO.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the Company’s risk management and control processes, including those for assessing and managing environmental, social and governance (ESG) related risks, which are typically addressed annually.

Should a specific climate related risk require more immediate attention, the Chief Audit Executive will raise it with the Committee during their regular quarterly meetings.

Nominating and Governance Committee Charter Audit Committee Charter CDP Report (C1.1b) b. Management’s role Disclose details of the process by which management is informed of and manages climate related risks and opportunities.

The ESG Steering Committee, which is chaired by the CFO, is responsible for overseeing the management of climate related risks and opportunities.

In 2021 it established a climate risk and opportunity assessment process in partnership with the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team.

The assessment adopts standard ERM methods and criteria used at ServiceNow to identify climate related risks and opportunities, assess significance, assign risk and opportunity owners, and track the effectiveness of control measures.

The effectiveness of the assessment and controls process will be addressed at least once a year by the ERM team (including Business Continuity Management) and reported to the ESG Steering Committee.

The ESG Steering Committee, which meets quarterly, and reviews risk and opportunity owners, sponsors strategies for addressing the risks and opportunities, and measurement and reporting of performance.

The Director of Environmental Sustainability reports to the VP, Global Sourcing, Workplace Services, and Sustainability, who sits on the ESG Steering Committee, and is responsible for monitoring and reporting on climate related issues, including progress towards overall climate related goals.

Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Potential climate related physical risk drivers were identified related to operational resilience of ServiceNow’s Workplace, critical IT Data Center operations, and Supply Chain.

These include the short and mid term impact of increasing frequency severity of climate driven weather events, and longer term changes in mean temperatures, weather patterns and sea levels.

Short and mid term transitional risks including increased energy and carbon costs, emerging regulatory requirements, and investor led reporting requirements were also identified.

Potential opportunity drivers were also identified, including enhanced business continuity and resilience planning, value chain decarbonization, industry climate leadership, impact investing, and customer demand for sustainable products and solutions.

Details the process and methodology used to identify impacts of climate related risks and opportunities.

The process and methodology for identifying climate related risks and opportunities includes regular assessment, review, and research of climate related customer, employee and investor concerns, peer group priorities and strategies, and regulatory developments.

Risk owners assess the business impact of research findings and work with subject matter experts to develop the appropriate response.

The research and analysis findings are assessed by risk and opportunity owners and subject matter experts in facilitated workshops for the annual climate risk and opportunity assessment.

The workshops rank the risk and opportunities in relation to their impact on ServiceNow’s strategic objectives and performance and the effectiveness of strategies and control measures is also discussed.

Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.

As a platform as a service business, and after taking into consideration the cost of energy and carbon, and business resiliency and continuity planning processes currently in place for critical infrastructure and operations, ServiceNow’s residual physical and transitional climate related risks are assessed to be low.

Should the residual risk increase in the future, more detailed scenario analysis may be performed.

Opportunities for industry leadership, through its Net Zero commitment, and the opportunity to accelerate customer climate strategies with its Now Platform and workflow solutions are assessed to be higher and detailed in its Global Impact Report.

Summarize the enterprise’s current risk assessment framework and introduces climate related risks.

Climate related risks are assessed and managed within the umbrella of ServiceNow’s ERM framework and methodology.

Risk drivers are assessed for potential regulatory, operational, reputational, employee and marketplace impacts using scales for impact severity and likelihood (i.e.

Control strategies are documented, and their effectiveness assessed to determine residual risk ratings and any gaps and improvement opportunities.

Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.

Climate risks and opportunities identified are assigned owners .

Risk and opportunity owners are typically leaders and managers of key business functions across the organization.

They are responsible for developing strategies and mitigation plans and incorporating them into their functional strategic and financial planning in line with the company’s priorities or strategic objectives.

A dedicated environmental sustainability team provides subject matter expertise and strategy and management support to functional risk and opportunity owners.

Climate and Energy is identified as a potential strategic enterprise risk by ServiceNow and is tracked as part of its ERM approach.

Individual climate risk drivers identified during the annual climate risk and opportunity assessment are also mapped to other strategic, operational, financial, regulatory, reputational and information technology security risks and are therefore also subject to the oversight and controls provided to them.

For example, the impact of more extreme weather events maps to and is included in the assessment of business continuity management.

Policies and procedures are maintained to assess and manage business continuity risks and their effectiveness is also subject to Board oversight and reporting.

Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.

Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

Percentage suppliers by spend with approved Science Based Targets (SBTs).

Employee GHG emissions from business travel and work from home per unit of value added.

ServiceNow discloses its Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions and related risks in its annual.

Our approved near term Science Based Target commitments are: i.

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 70% by 2026 from a 2019 baseline year ii.

Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from business travel and work from home.

Ensure 65% of suppliers by spend have approved science based targets by 2026.

In 2022, expand our carbon neutrality commitment to provide our customers with a carbon neutral cloud.

This includes all required operational GHG emissions from within our inventory boundary at our offices and data centers.

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are interlinked global goals set up in 2015 to be a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all by 2030.

ServiceNow aligns most notably to seven of the 17 UN SDGs and 14 related targets.

Actions we take in support of these UN SDGs include programs, policies, commitments, and charitable donations.

Direct impact refers to impact created through our own operations .

Indirect impact refers to impact created through our platform and solutions, our ecosystem , or our charitable donations.

We also include which of our ESG priority issues align to each goal.

By 2030, ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality technical, vocational and teritary education, including university.

By 2030, substantially increase the number of youth and adults who have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills, for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship.

Ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of outcome, including by eliminating discriminatory laws, policies and practices and promoting appropriate legislation, policies and action in this regard.

SERVICENOW GLOBAL IMPACT REPORT 2022 ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.

ServiceNow marks are trademarks and or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and or other countries.

Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.