This report is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, as well as Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for our industry.

It covers the domestic operations and activities of T Mobile US, Inc. in the United States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands for the calendar year 2022 (January 1 to December 31) unless otherwise noted.

Find out more in The Numbers and Small Print section.

We started the Un carrier movement 10 years ago to focus on the unmet needs of wireless customers and above all else, to never stand for good enough, an all too common approach among the Carriers.

As a T Mobile team getting better and stronger each year, we’re committed to making an even bigger impact on the lives of our customers, our communities, and the planet.

A decade later, we’re still doing the right thing by offering real solutions that make a difference in our customers’ lives.

At T Mobile we have a simple mission to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

It inspires us to use our network, scale, and resources to drive transformational improvements for our customers and employees, society, and the planet.

Our extraordinary success in 2022 enabled us to invest back in T Mobile customers with a strategy to deliver the best network, best value, and best experiences.

We also upheld our promises to connect more people, in more places, than ever before.

For years, the other players have overlooked and underserved America’s small towns and rural areas, but the Un carrier is different.

We believe reliable and affordable wireless and internet service is a necessity for ALL in today’s highly connected, digital world.

When we deliver speed, choice and value to people and businesses across the country, we improve access to essential services, enable more efficient commerce, expand education and employment opportunities, and empower innovation.

That’s why we are so committed to Project 10Million, our 10.7 billion initiative to offer connectivity to up to 10 million eligible student households that lack equal access to the internet.

We’ve made tremendous progress with Project 10Million and other education programs to help close the digital divide, connecting more than 5.3 million students and equipping them with free or highly subsidized service so they can have access where and when they need it.

And, in partnership with Welcome.US, we pledged to provide up to 200,000 lines of service to Ukrainian and Afghan refugees entering the U.S. It’s difficult to imagine restarting a new life in a new country without the connectivity most of us take for granted.

As we build the nation’s largest, fastest and most awarded 5G network, managing our environmental footprint is another top priority something we know is important to our employees, customers, and other stakeholders.

Earlier this year, we announced an ambitious sustainability goal to achieve net zero emissions across our ENTIRE carbon footprint by 2040.

We set a high bar for ourselves, but tackling big problems with bold solutions is who we are  it’s in our DNA.

All of these efforts are made possible thanks to the amazing employees who bring T Mobile’s welcoming, celebratory culture to life.

They love our customers and champion diversity, equity, and inclusion within our walls and out in the world.

Together, we’re making progress on our five year Equity in Action Plan, a set of 54 goals we created in 2020 to support genuine, positive experiences for everyone.

We recognize that our company can’t be its best unless everyone can come to work as their authentic, best self.

It’s a new era of the Un carrier, and as a T Mobile team getting better and stronger each year, we’re committed to making an even bigger impact on the lives of our customers, our communities, and the planet.

It’s a New Era of Un carrier and our strategy to deliver the best network, best value, and best experiences is core to our success.

Our team won’t stop working to deliver on our mission and becoming an even greater force for good in wireless and the world we live in.

Guided by our values, we are strengthening connections to our network, to our brand, to our customers and most importantly, to each other.

Be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

We do customer love and that applies to all 113.6 million of them including more than 2.6 million high speed internet customers at the end of 2022.

As we provide services, devices, and accessories across our flagship brand T Mobile and prepaid brand Metro by T Mobile, we put our customers first.

In 2022 we were made up of approximately 71,000 unique employees, working in retail locations, Customer Experience Centers, our headquarters in Bellevue, WA and Overland Park, KS, and additional corporate offices across the country.

That’s the mindset we’ve harnessed to deliver America’s largest, fastest, and most awarded 5G network .

At the end of 2022, T Mobile’s 5G network covered 325 million people 98% of Americans and 263 million people nationwide were covered by our super fast Ultra Capacity 5G.

In 2022, we continued our relentless quest to challenge the status quo in pursuit of customer happiness to deliver bold moves like Price Lock Guarantee, Internet Freedom, and Coverage Beyond.

We also announced 5G Forward to drive developer innovation on 5G and make it easier for innovators everywhere to build a 5G future that will benefit everyone.

For our customers, our shareholders, society, and each other.

We are better and stronger when we do it right , act with integrity, and make decisions with an appreciation of the impact we have on the people and the world around us.

View our Annual Report to learn more about our business strategy and economic contribution.

Fastest: Based on analysis by Ookla of Speedtest Intelligence data national median 5G download and upload speeds for Q4 2022.

Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.

Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.

Over the last few years, the Un carrier has continued to reach new heights and break down new barriers, each year building on the last as our scale and reach has grown.

And as we’ve continued to grow and pursue our mission to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world, we have done so with purpose.

The power of our network technology positively impacts the lives of customers across the country as it connects people to social, educational, and economic opportunities and enables businesses to implement innovative and sustainable technology solutions.

That’s why, when it comes to corporate responsibility at T Mobile, it’s not simply about doing the right thing, it’s about doing our thing leveraging our network, scale, and resources to be an even greater force for good in wireless and the world we live in.

This work is not only foundational to our business, it’s important to many of our stakeholders including our customers, employees, shareholders.

Over the past several years there has been a substantial shift in how people are making decisions about the companies they work for, buy from and invest in.

Today 80% of consumers and employees say they’re more likely to buy from or work for companies that share their values across environmental, social, and governance (ESG) categories.

And the majority of investors want companies to enhance their ESG reporting to inform their long term decisions as they increasingly see strong corporate responsibility practices as integral to a strong and resilient business.

T Mobile takes a strategic approach to corporate responsibility, placing focus and investments on areas where we can drive the greatest impact through our operations, technology, and our people.

As a company that provides digital connectivity, we work to empower as many people as possible with the tools and access to succeed in today’s digital world.

We are also relentless in creating genuine, positive opportunities within our walls and in our communities through our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts.

And we constantly look to leverage our technology, partnerships, and resources to support solutions that prioritize our planet as we continue to take bold steps to create a more sustainable future for all.

Underpinning this work is our focus on continuously investing in responsible business practices enabling us to realize our ambitions by doing things the right way always with integrity, transparent reporting, and strong corporate governance practices.

This is how we continue to build trust and foster meaningful engagement with our customers, employees, community partners and shareholders, allowing us to keep our finger on the pulse of what issues matter most to them.

In the new era of Un carrier, we’re more committed than ever to getting it right and connecting with purpose.

We’ll continue to evolve and strengthen our corporate responsibility efforts to meet the moment, remaining responsive to stakeholder needs, emerging regulations, and industry trends.

We’ll also bring our unstoppable spirit to drive positive change and progress across our strategic areas of opportunity and impact.

We look forward to creating a connected world where everyone can thrive while serving as an even greater force for good.

T Mobile products play a central role in people’s lives, impacting how they work, learn, live, and engage with others and the world around them.

That’s why our mission is to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

Our mission is at the heart of everything we do, including our approach to ESG.

We leverage our technology, scale, and resources to be a force for good in our industry, and the world, with an uncompromising commitment to do things the right way, always.

We drive positive societal impact through our steadfast focus on increasing digital equity across the United States, strongly championing diversity, equity, and inclusion within and outside of our walls, and taking bold steps to manage our environmental footprint.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE I) We are unstoppable in our quest to create genuine, positive opportunities for everyone.

It makes us a stronger company when we bring together our unique talents and perspectives to offer the best for our customers.

Digital Equity We empower as many people as possible with the connectivity and tools to take part and succeed in today’s digital world.

Environmental Sustainability We take bold steps to improve our impact on the planet by reducing our environmental footprint and using our network, resources, and partnerships to enable a more sustainable future for all.

How we do it We embed DE I across our business and in our communities through our Employee Resource Group participation, our goal to hire 10,000 veterans and military spouses by end of 2023, and our Equity In Action plan with 54 DE I Promises to be achieved by 2025.

How we do it We are helping to close the digital divide through connectivity initiatives, like Project 10Million and our partnership with Welcome.US, and by supporting community partners aimed at advancing digital equity in communities across the country.

How we do it We are committed to reaching net zero emissions across our entire carbon footprint by 2040, sourcing 100% renewable electricity, improving energy efficiency, and investing in product circularity.

Responsible Business We will realize our ambitions by doing things the right way always with integrity, responsibility, and transparency.

To build trust with our customers, suppliers, business partners, and one another, we are uncompromising in our ethical code and uphold strong corporate governance policies and practices.

How we do it Underpinning this work is our focus on continuously investing in responsible business practices through employee training on the Code of Business Conduct and other key topics, collecting supplier environmental and social assessments, and providing transparent reporting on our progress.

Outside of regular briefings, value of with a view to enhancing the the Board periodically receives additional updates on enterprise risk, cybersecurity, and other notable ESG matters from management and Board committees.

Provides oversight of T Mobile’s risk assessment, risk management policies, and procedures and controls.

Receives enterprise risk updates four times a year, including on risks relating to network resilience and business continuity, cybersecurity, and data privacy.

Provides oversight of T Mobile’s compliance and ethics program, cybersecurity, data privacy, sustainability, and corporate responsibility initiatives.

Receives quarterly briefings on key ESG topics, emerging trends, and progress.

Receives an annual update on political contributions and charitable spending.

T Mobile executives provide oversight of critical ESG issues, risks, and progress on initiatives.

Key executives provide updates to the Audit Committee and the on initiatives.

Key executives provide updates to the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Executives co lead and serve on internal cross functional committees to drive enterprise wide alignment and to provide strategic guidance and effective oversight of key issues.

T Mobile’s ESG materiality assessment took place in 2021 after our historic merger with Sprint to create a timely and full picture of the evolving ESG landscape.

We followed a four step process to guide the identification and prioritization of the significant ESG issues impacting our business and our stakeholders.

The assessment included an analysis of emerging ESG trends and standards, survey responses from employees and customers, and in depth interviews with internal and external stakeholders, including investors, suppliers, community partners, and advocacy organizations.

As we engaged with stakeholders on key topics throughout 2022, business continuity and network resilience, and digital security and privacy were the top governance issues.

Critical areas of social impact, like digital equity, employee diversity and inclusion, human rights, and health, safety, and wellness continued to rise to the top.

And climate change and waste and recycling remained among the leading environmental issues for our stakeholders.

In depth interviews with internal stakeholders (i.e.

Key: Governance, Social, Environmental The topics in each Tier are listed in alphabetical order.

To ensure we continue to have our finger on the pulse when it comes to the evolving ESG landscape, we plan to complete a new ESG materiality assessment in 2023.

In addition to conducting an ESG materiality assessment, we regularly engage with our critical stakeholders through a variety of formal and informal channels to better understand what they care about most and where they see us having the greatest impact and influence.

This helps us align our actions with the priorities most relevant for our industry and business to make meaningful and purposeful change.

Customers We changed the wireless industry by listening and responding to our customers understanding what matters most to them is critical to solving their pain points.

Customer surveys Market research Interactions with our retail and customer care employees.

Employees Our people are at the heart of the Un carrier.

Getting their feedback on their experience and the issues that impact them is a priority for the company.

Employee surveys Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Employee volunteering programs Emails, newsletters, internal T Nation site,.

Listening sessions with leaders Team meetings and trainings.

Communities Local officials, community partners, advocacy organizations, and industry associations help keep us informed about what’s important to the people and communities we interact with every day.

Philanthropic partnerships Community events Volunteering events and job fairs Industry association meetings Industry and community memberships One on one conversations External Diversity and Inclusion Council meetings.

Data security and privacy Ethical business practices Health, wellness, and safety Digital equity Business continuity and network resilience Natural resources management and conservation Sustainable and responsible supply chain.

Health, wellness, and safety Employee attraction, development, and engagement.

Diversity, equity, and inclusion Data privacy and security Ethical business practices Business continuity and network resilience Waste and recycling.

Digital equity Diversity, equity, and inclusion Business continuity and network resilience Sustainable and responsible supply chain Philanthropy and community engagement GHG emissions and climate change.

Industry analysts We regularly engage with industry analysts who provide valuable feedback on industry trends and opportunities to further enhance our ESG reporting.

Shareholders Frequent and transparent communication with shareholders provides us with opportunities to understand their ESG priorities and communicate our progress and commitments.

One on one conversations and email exchanges Industry Analyst Council Major industry conferences Quarterly earnings Industry analyst reports Analyst Days.

One on one conversations and email exchanges Group meetings Quarterly earnings and annual meeting Major industry conferences Analyst Days.

Suppliers Ongoing engagement is foundational to developing long lasting, mutually beneficial relationships with suppliers who share our values and commitment to operating in a responsible manner.

Vendor onboarding forms Supplier risk and ESG assessments Supplier questionnaires Educational discussions around key ESG topics Program partnership conversations Individual conversations.

Data security and privacy Diversity, equity, and inclusion Business continuity and network resilience GHG emissions and climate change Energy management Product lifecycle management.

Data security and privacy Diversity, equity, and inclusion Corporate governance GHG emissions and climate change Business continuity and network resilience Responsible supply chain Employee attraction, development, and engagement Energy management.

Sustainable and responsible supply chain GHG emissions and climate change Partnerships and collaboration Diversity, equity, and inclusion Waste and recycling Ethical business practices.

Building and maintaining public trust requires an unwavering commitment to operating with integrity and strong corporate governance processes.

T Mobile provides essential connectivity services to a diverse customer base, which includes consumers, government agencies, and enterprise customers.

These customers depend on us, and trust us, to deliver our service reliably, affordably, and with uncompromising ethical standards.

From senior leadership to front line employees, good governance across T Mobile allows us to serve our stakeholders effectively and with integrity each and every day.

Our Board of Directors and our Senior Leadership Team represent the highest levels of accountability and guidance at T Mobile.

They are responsible for proactively overseeing our governance and management structure.

Through their leadership, T Mobile maintains business integrity and public trust.

Our Board of Directors have deep and diverse experience across industries and in specific topics such as technology, innovation, ESG, regulatory, and legal, among others, and they guide our successful growth and progress.

With overall responsibility for risk oversight, our Board of Directors is supported by key committees, which in turn delegate specific risk oversight responsibilities for certain topics.

Every Board member participates in our director orientation program and has a range of continuing education activities available to them each year on company pertinent topics such as cybersecurity, ethical business practices, the evolving regulatory landscape, and other top ESG topics.

Our Board has adopted our Code of Business Conduct as well as our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, which applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, and Controller.

Board Independence and ESG Oversight Our Board has chosen to appoint a lead independent director in addition to independent directors chairing three key Board committees and comprising the entire Audit Committee.

These committees provide oversight of enterprise risk, cybersecurity, and other notable ESG matters.

And the Compensation Committee oversees the company’s compensation programs, policies, and practices and has retained Mercer (a well recognized employee benefits and compensation consulting firm and a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc.) as its independent compensation consultant.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives regular updates from T Mobile executives on key ESG topics, including cybersecurity, data privacy, political contributions, philanthropic giving, and environmental sustainability.

The Audit Committee receives quarterly enterprise wide risk assessment reports, which include risks relating to topics such as network resiliency and business continuity, cybersecurity, and data privacy.

Stockholder Right to Call Special Meeting and Act by Written Consent Lead Independent Director Independent Chairs of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees.

We have continued to prioritize Board independence where possible and across key committees even though Deutsche Telekom controls more than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock and we are deemed a controlled company under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC rules.

These rules exempt controlled companies, like us, from specific corporate governance requirements, including certain Board and committee independence requirements.

See our Governance Documents for more information.

Board and Leadership Diversity Diversity drives success and contributes to sound corporate governance.

Our director selection guidelines define diversity broadly to include factors such as gender, race, ethnicity, age, geographic, cultural, and professional experience.

Working towards better representation at the highest levels of T Mobile, from the Board to the Senior Leadership Team (SLT), strengthens our ability to build policies and practices more relevant to our entire employee base and supports our growth focused mindset.

All data points are as of December 31, 2022 and rounded to the nearest whole number.

Board diversity data for 2020 reflects the 13 out of 14 directors who chose to self report.

One of T Mobile’s core values is Do It the Right Way.

That’s how we deliver on our commitments to our customers, stakeholders, and employees.

Every day, we hold ourselves to the highest of ethical business standards and help each employee understand what that means for their role at the company.

Each year, i365 covers a range of critical topics including data privacy, cybersecurity, harassment and discrimination, anti corruption, insider trading, and conflicts of interest.

The training is updated annually based on current risks and regulations faced by the business.

In 2022, we began implementing role based training focused on specific levels of responsibility and risk exposure.

Tailored trainings include a Manager edition to cover the Code’s heightened expectations of managers, a Select Training edition that targets audiences by roles based on legal requirements and risks, and an Operational Compliance Training that covers compliance requirements outside of the Code.

Our Code of Business Conduct (the Code) outlines expectations on how we do it the right way at T Mobile, including workplace conduct standards and legal guidelines we follow as part of our commitment to ethical business practices.

Helping Our Employees Understand Our Code We invest annually in our Code training, called Integrity365 (i365), to bring the Code to life for all employees.

Every T Mobile employee and officer is required to take i365 training each year to reinforce the expectations we have regarding workplace conduct standards and our commitment to ethical business practices.

Safety to Speak Up To help maintain high standards of ethical business conduct, we encourage anyone from employees and officers to vendors and suppliers to speak up without fear of retaliation when they see or suspect something that’s not right, including illegal or unethical conduct, or a violation of our policies.

They are also encouraged to seek advice if they have a question about how to apply our policies and practices.

To report a concern, anyone can contact our third party Integrity Line (online or by phone), email our Compliance Ethics team, or directly contact the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chair of the Audit Committee.

Employees can also report concerns or violations to their managers or through additional internal reporting channels.

As part of our Code, and through our Speak Up Policy, we assure employees that they have the option to raise issues anonymously and that we do not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports in good faith.

Every concern is taken seriously and carefully reviewed, with investigation and remediation processes in place to address misconduct to the extent appropriate.

Reported concerns are routed to the appropriate internal group based on the nature of the suspected wrongdoing.

From there, the facts are evaluated to determine whether misconduct occurred.

Ethical business practices are the foundation of our core values as a company and it’s critical we help T Mobile employees understand how we do things the right way and why it matters.

Through our Compliance Ethics program we aim to educate and inspire a high integrity workplace while fostering responsible business decisions.

Ongoing Oversight The Chief Compliance Officer reports quarterly to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on T Mobile’s Compliance Ethics program, which includes quarterly completion reports for our i365 training by lines of business.

There is also an annual review of the program’s effectiveness, measuring performance using data analysis, key performance indicators, and external benchmarks.

To uphold our ongoing commitment to doing business the right way, T Mobile conducts company wide compliance risk assessments every three years.

These assessments are used to update T Mobile’s risk profile and inform ongoing risk identification, mitigation, and remediation work, including policy development and enhanced training, where needed.

Our Commitment to Human Rights Treating every employee, every customer, and every stakeholder with dignity and respect is critical to our commitment to ethical business practices.

We expect our affiliates, business partners, suppliers, and their stakeholders to comply with our Human Rights Statement, which covers such areas as discrimination, working conditions, forced labor, and freedom of expression.

Moreover, our Code of Business Conduct outlines our zero tolerance policy toward human trafficking and activities related to trafficking in our supply chain.

It states that any violation will result in disciplinary action, including potential job termination.

We keep an open dialogue with relevant stakeholders to stay informed of the latest industry related human rights concerns, issues, and for opportunities to improvement in our approach.

The leaders of our Human Resources, Corporate Responsibility, and Legal Affairs teams are responsible for overseeing the commitments outlined in our Human Rights Statement.

Political Engagement Public policy shapes our business landscape every day.

Engaging in the political process is an important part of how T Mobile advocates on important industry issues that are critical for our business and our customers.

We aim to do so transparently, responsibly, and across party lines through corporate political contributions, contributions from an employee funded political action committee (PAC), lobbying, and contributions to tax exempt organizations.

Through these efforts, we work to educate, inform, and support candidates and lawmakers on important priorities such as spectrum allocation and build out, taxation, and other issues directly related to our business.

We publish an annual Political Engagement Report, which chronicles our contributions and lists our trade association memberships.

Through these activities, we leverage our powerful brand and scale to deliver more for our shareholders, consumers, and employees.

A few main commitments guide our political activities: strict compliance with local, state, and federal laws bipartisan contributions and strict adherence to our Code of Business Conduct and our Political Activities and Lobbying policy.

Our General Counsel provides an annual update to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on our political contributions and engagement.

We’re continuing to evolve our Compliance Ethics program and trainings to further enable our employees to do the right thing, always.

Upcoming enhancements include implementing customized Code training for the Board of Directors and our senior leadership team, in addition to delivering an updated curriculum and expanded toolkit for managers.

For a decade, our Un carrier revolution has been about doing the right thing for our customers.

This means treating them honestly and fairly and offering complete and transparent information about our products and services.

And it means we don’t charge customers for things they haven’t authorized.

Additionally, T Mobile abides by the practices outlined in the Consumer Code for Wireless Service from CTIA, the trade association representing the wireless industry.

By paying attention to marketing and selling responsibly, we help our customers avoid bill shock and confusing account balance information.

We know how much our customers rely on their connectivity which is why we make significant investments in the resiliency of our network and prepare, year round, to respond to a range of natural and man made events from extreme weather to periodic equipment or application disruptions.

Our Enterprise Continuity Program works with teams across T Mobile to develop business continuity and emergency preparedness plans.

Appropriate risk mitigation and resilience strategies are created by leveraging a range of tools to determine the impact and severity of types of service disruptions on our customers, employees, and infrastructure.

Business continuity plans are reviewed annually with higher risk and higher impact areas given more attention during annual reviews to identify any new or needed enhancements.

As extreme weather events become more intense and frequent, our planning, preparation, and response to these events is critical to keep our customers connected when it matters most.

As part of our planning, we employ risk assessment processes where the Enterprise Risk Management team partners with groups across the company to evaluate our network sites for vulnerabilities linked to environmental change and track progress on efforts to fortify the network.

The Enterprise Operations team leverages a range of tools, including a Business Impact Analysis, to examine how each area of  T Mobile’s business may be affected by various potential disruptions that can impact our infrastructure, customers, and employees.

This analysis helps the team prioritize recovery tasks and identify interdependencies, so our final contingency plans are as resilient and all encompassing as possible.

For more details on T Mobile’s prepares for climate risks, see our  Pathway to Net .

We’ve made significant investments in the resiliency of our network through network design and operational redundancies to reduce the chance of network failure.

As part of our multi year network hardening plan, we added thousands of backup generators and advanced relief and recovery tools to better equip network switches, data centers, and other critical sites when a disruption occurs.

Throughout 2021 and 2022, we expanded our mobile fleet of deployable temporary infrastructure vehicles to include advanced satellite backhaul connectivity that better supports 5G during times of disaster.

We also expanded our rugged tactical command vehicles to better reach difficult to access locations.

Aerial drones capable of generating cell service as well as assisting in search and rescue operations have already proven to be impactful.

In 2022 when Hurricane Ian hit Florida, we used a tethered drone to supply vital cell signal for first responders.

Throughout the year we collaborate with weather forecasting partners, including the National Weather Service and StormGeo, a pioneering weather forecasting operator, to accurately track weather events, including a hurricane’s path and potential severity.

Ahead of hurricane season, our teams practice our response plans with hurricane preparedness exercises, tailoring them to the unique challenges of each region.

We regularly test and improve our network’s backup and response systems, including coordination and mobilization plans for supporting customers and their communities.

In addition, we maintain and test all backup generators on a regular basis.

Our experienced technicians and engineers can monitor our network traffic demands and weather impacts thanks to our Network Operations Centers (NOCs), which are active 24 7.

In 2022, we launched a new collaboration with The Weather Channel to provide tips for customers on how to prepare for, manage through, and recover from major weather events.

When a situation requires us to act, our Enterprise Incident Management team quickly implements our preparedness plans keeping our employees safe and our network operating.

From a virtual Emergency Operations Center the team communicates and coordinates with internal and external stakeholders, including emergency engineering and community support teams on the ground, retail staff, local authorities, and meteorologists.

Through our distributed model of warehouses around the country, we can quickly deploy supplies and emergency management fleet to impacted areas.

T Mobile ’s Senior Vice President of Internal Audit Risk Management serves as the Chief Audit Executive, receiving quarterly status reports on the Business Continuity Management Program and providing quarterly enterprise wide risk assessment reports to the Audit Committee.

We evaluate the program and review our risk management procedures annually and as needed to continually improve our mitigation efforts against evolving risks and climate impacts.

At T Mobile, we work every day to earn and keep customer trust.

That’s why we are committed to being responsible stewards of their personal data, working to improve safeguards to manage how we collect and use customer information.

Privacy laws, market realities, and consumer interests change over time.

To stay nimble and adapt to these changing realities, our data privacy practices are built around five principles that drive our actions and continue to put our customers first.

Transparency We’re open and honest about our privacy practices and the way we process personal data.

We keep an open door by listening and responding to customers who have questions or feedback for us on our privacy tools and practices.

Trust We recognize our obligation to responsibly use the personal data entrusted to us with every person and organization we interact with.

Control We give our customers control over their data preferences.

We offer all U.S. consumers choices to opt out of targeted advertising and we aim to make our privacy dashboard simple and easy to use.

Education Privacy language can get far too complicated.

We provide clear and simple text and video guides on our data privacy policies for our customers.

Protection For products that use personal data, it’s our policy to collect only what’s necessary, retain and dispose of it as outlined in our records information management policy.

Giving Customers More Choices and Simpler Navigation Our Privacy Center is the central place for customers to access information on our privacy and security practices.

Here, they can also find our T Mobile Privacy Notice and Children’s Privacy Notice.

In 2022, we further strengthened our data policies and made it even easier for customers to make decisions about the use of their data.

For example, we updated our Privacy Center to be mobile friendly and simpler to navigate with a new Privacy Dashboard.

That puts customers in control of how their data is used for analytics reporting, advertising and marketing, and points them to how to ask T Mobile about what data we have collected.

T Mobile further enables consumers to simplify and automate privacy settings by honoring privacy signals through the Global Privacy Control (GPC), a browser setting that uses signals to notify websites of a user’s privacy preferences to not share or sell personal data.

Additionally, because we know how important it is for families to be in control of their children’s privacy, in 2022, we expanded our Kids’ Line capability to all Magenta customers under the age of 16.

This allows any parent or guardian to designate any line on their account as a Kids’ Line from the Privacy Dashboard.

Kids’ Lines are automatically excluded from online advertising and marketing communications from T Mobile, including marketing calls, emails, and text messages.

Data from these lines is only used for essential services, like device operation or network management, and is not used for analytics, data sharing, targeted advertising, or non essential reporting.

Check out our new Privacy Dashboard in our revamped Privacy Center.

You’ll also see how we made it simpler to navigate and view our updated privacy notices and tools.

Updated data privacy content rewritten for easier comprehension and navigation.

New Public and Scientific Research consent choice.

Our significant upgrades and investments in data privacy over the last year are just one of the many ways T Mobile is working to keep our customers’ hard earned trust.

Our efforts serve to create a safer and more secure experience across our network.

Security and Privacy Ambassador Network (SPAN) Our Security and Privacy Ambassador Network (SPAN) which acts as an extension of our Privacy Office is one way we weave a culture of privacy and security across T Mobile.

Embedded across the company, SPAN members receive monthly training from the Privacy Office and are empowered to raise awareness, adopt privacy and security practices, and proactively elevate any important matters to the Privacy Office.

Responsible Oversight and Controls Responsibly using personal data in our dynamic business environment means we work to continuously monitor and improve our privacy governance practices.

This includes how we review uses of personal data, how we apply requirements for responsible use, and how we manage the inventory of personal data entrusted to us.

Top level data privacy oversight comes from the Board of Directors’ Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

This committee, as well as the Board, receive reports from officers with responsibilities for the Company’s data privacy and information and infrastructure security programs.

In addition to Board level oversight, relevant members of the Senior Leadership Team are part of the Information Security and Privacy Council which receives regular joint reports from the Privacy Office, the Cybersecurity Transformation Team, and the Cybersecurity, Trust, and Protection Team.

Together, these groups monitor the effectiveness of T Mobile’s data privacy programs.

Looking ahead, we are further evolving our privacy and security practices to continue to keep our customers’ data safe and secure.

For example, we’re adopting new privacy forward technologies for advertising, enhancing our AI governance to account for new technologies and evaluating systems for unwanted bias, and enhancing our audit capabilities.

It’s also a priority for us to continue to work with our suppliers to uphold strong data privacy practices, both in how we decide what personal data we need to share and how we govern data use by those we entrust with our customers’ personal data.

As the cybersecurity landscape continues to evolve, so does our approach to potential threats.

At T Mobile, we are transforming the culture of cybersecurity across the company.

Our focus is on protecting our customers, so we’re continuing to accelerate investments and upgrades to our infrastructure to keep our network and digital systems safe.

In 2022, we continued to strengthen our enterprise wide cyber strategy by doubling down on cyber fundamentals, consolidating cybersecurity functions across the company, and deploying advanced technologies to add more layers of defense.

In addition, we launched new resources and training for all employees and contractors.

We also continue to invest in building a robust cybersecurity oversight framework, led by our Cyber Transformation Office in partnership with our Business Information Security Officer function to connect every line of business to dedicated cybersecurity leadership and support.

Our efforts drove notable improvements in how we detect and fix vulnerabilities, develop more secure products and services, and defend against external threats.

Finally, we incorporate core functions from the widely recognized National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework into our program.

Team Magenta as the First Line of Defense Employees are one of the most common gateways for criminals to disrupt a company’s cyber infrastructure.

That’s why employee education and awareness are essential parts of our cybersecurity strategy.

In 2022, we continued to roll out cybersecurity training to all employees and contract workers.

We also personalized more advanced role based trainings to make them more meaningful and effective.

Additionally, Cyber Connection, our year round cybersecurity awareness program, helps employees stay current on how to recognize potential threats, scams, and phishing attacks.

The program provides Team Magenta with opportunities to participate in cybersecurity related events, including our annual recognition of Cybersecurity Awareness Month, creating myriad ways for our employees to learn how to better protect T Mobile and our customers.

Leveraging Assessments and Expertise T Mobile regularly assesses our cybersecurity risks and processes, including independent testing and monitoring of our cybersecurity systems, and conducting external assessments and certifications required for compliance.

These efforts are complemented by our partnerships with Accenture, KPMG, and Mandiant, industry leaders in cybersecurity technology and services.

T Mobile unveiled a new Security Dashboard,  which gives customers an overview of key aspects of their personal account’s security status and, if ’ needed, provides easy steps to strengthen account security.

Customers just have to log into their T Mobile account to check their personal security  health score.

If a rating is low or medium, they will be prompted to review any flagged issues.

Ongoing Oversight Our Chief Cyber Transformation Officer and our Chief Security Officer regularly report to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Board Committee at least four times per year to provide updates on T Mobile’s data information and infrastructure security programs.

This includes T Mobile’s progress on investments in cybersecurity transformation, risk exposures, policies, and practices, including steps the company has taken to detect, monitor, and control such risks.

These same leaders provide updates to the Information Security and Privacy Council along with the Chief Privacy Officer.

Built into the core of our network and free for all customers, T Mobile’s leading patented Scam Shield technology provides the most powerful defense against scams.

It updates protections every six minutes and identifies scam calls before they even reach a customer’s phone.

When a threat is detected, customers either receive a Scam Likely warning or no disturbance at all by turning on Scam Block in the Scam Shield app or by dialing 662 .

T Mobile’s Scam Shield identified or blocked 41.5 billion scam calls in 2022, up from 21 billion in 2021.

Our supply chain is a critical piece of our business and integral to our mission of being the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

Our suppliers provide the products and services that help make T Mobile the leading provider of connectivity to millions of customers across the United States.

We partner closely with our value chain to promote the continuity of our business and, where relevant, tackle opportunities that can have a positive impact on society and the environment.

The Role of ESG in Our Supply Chain We work in partnership with our suppliers to advance our environmental, social, and ethical business practices which helps us build a strong, diverse, and resilient supply chain grounded in mutual trust and shared values.

We’ve implemented policies, practices, and engagement strategies throughout the entire supplier journey, which outline our expectations and set the course for making a positive impact, together.

We hold our suppliers to strict standards through: Supplier Code of Conduct Responsible Sourcing Policy Environmental Policy Human Rights Statement.

Included are expectations around: Setting science based emissions reduction targets C ertifying devices through UL ECOLOGO or EPEAT.

R esults from the Third Party Risk Management  (TPRM) process, which screens for a variety of ESG risks Responses to vendor onboarding forms.

Suppliers showing environmental leadership and those from traditionally underrepresented groups score higher on key selection criteria.

We invest in programs and partnerships that create opportunities in our supply chain and reflect the diversity of our company and communities.

The NextTech Diversity Program Diversity in Clean Energy (DiCE).

We continue to assess suppliers and engage with them on key ESG issues to drive improvements.

We utilize: A nnual EcoVadis ESG assessments, including an evaluation of which suppliers have set science based targets Ongoing TPRM evaluation looking for changes in the supplier risk profile.

Adhering to Our Supplier Code of Conduct We are a company firmly committed to upholding responsible business practices and expect the same of suppliers with whom we do business.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines these expectations, which includes compliance with our accessibility requirements and environmental priorities, and the protection of human rights.

Any supplier that wishes to raise a concern on a matter related to our supplier code can utilize the T Mobile Integrity Line which is available 24 7.

In 2022, we updated our supplier code to make accessibility requirements a core component of our value chain.

We also became a signatory of Disability:IN’s Procure Access pledge, a declaration of intent to prioritize work with vendors who put accessibility first.

Responsible Sourcing T Mobile published an updated Responsible Sourcing Policy that reflects our evolving work with suppliers, supports our range of sustainability commitments, and is an important step in our journey to reach net zero emissions by 2040.

For suppliers, this includes agreeing to establish their own science based emission reduction targets, responsibly source minerals, and reduce plastics, paper, and packaging, among other things.

In the case of non compliance, we work with them to remediate any outstanding issues, but generally reserve the right to terminate relationship as a result of non compliance.

Our supply chain is essential to T Mobile’s business, which is why we are constantly evaluating how to best leverage our partnerships and procurement activities to create a positive impact for our company, communities, and planet.

If we’re purposeful in our planning and strategy, our supply chain can be a powerful pathway for change.

Third Party Risk Management Before we select suppliers, a centralized Third Party Risk Management (TPRM) process screens for anti corruption, global sanctions, and human rights violations, as well as financial, security, reputational, and environmental risks.

The assessment uses a rigorous evidence based scorecard that identifies strengths and areas of opportunity, so we can better engage with participating suppliers on key issues and drive mutually beneficial improvements.

The results feed into an internal dashboard that tracks supplier progress.

Supplier risk assessments are performed on an ongoing basis depending on the risk profile of the supplier.

Automated, real time workflows in TPRM look for any adverse news or changes in supplier risk profiles and continually monitors current suppliers for policy violations and risks.

Events or issues detected by TPRM monitoring are escalated to the enterprise legal, compliance, and business teams for review and recommended handling.

Supplier ESG Assessments and Partnering on Our Journey to Net Zero On an annual basis, we evaluate the environmental, social, and ethical performance of our suppliers with a specific focus on those that meet a 10 million threshold in annual spend through EcoVadis, a leading provider of business sustainability ratings.

Supplier performance is evaluated across four key areas: environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

In 2022, we assessed approximately 48% of our total sourceable spend, up from 30% in 2020.

Our goal is to continue to increase this percentage year over year.

To increase internal awareness of the importance of these supply chain assessments, we’ve held several trainings for procurement managers, focusing on Scope 3 emissions and potential engagement opportunities with suppliers to help reduce their carbon impact.

Our global network of suppliers are key partners in our journey to achieve net zero, which is why we encourage our suppliers to commit to setting their own science based targets and track these commitments through our EcoVadis dashboard.

Supplier Diversity Matters Our suppliers span the globe, contributing to the social and economic vitality of their local communities.

We invest in these impactful relationships, creating opportunities in our supply chain that reflect the diversity of our company and communities.

According to a 2022 report by the Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA), while the number of minority owned businesses grew 35% over the last decade, their average gross revenue dropped by 16% due to systemic barriers related to accessing capital and contracting opportunities, making growth more difficult compared to non minority owned businesses3.

With more than nine million minority owned businesses in the U.S., T Mobile is committed to leveling the playing field by supporting programs that provide minority owned businesses with opportunities to succeed.

It’s why we also continue to grant certified and qualified diverse and or small businesses with shorter payment terms, which allows them to realize their capital faster.

Supporting the Minority Business Executive Program (MBEP) T Mobile partners with the University of Washington Foster School of Business and the regional council of the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) to support the Minority Business Executive Program (MBEP).

This supplier mentoring and development program helps grow leaders from organizations owned by people of color, women, veterans, disabled persons, and members of the LGBTQ community.

Program participants are equipped with valuable knowledge, skills, and networking opportunities to help manage and grow their businesses.

In 2022, T Mobile spent approximately 4.5 billion with suppliers from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, an increase of 38% from 2021, and bringing our total diverse supplier spend to over 10.5 billion since 2020.

Recognizing and Rewarding Success In 2022, we recognized the first of our Procurement Sourcing Managers under T Mobile’s Supplier Diversity Category Management Strategy, which launched the year prior.

The strategy covers all T Mobile’s spend outside of wireless devices and serves to both educate category managers on how to increase their supplier diversity spend and reward those who secure new contracts with traditionally underrepresented, disadvantaged, and or small business owners.

Investing in Future Talent The NextTech Diversity Program, which offers career training and job placement for hundreds of candidates from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, is a critical part of T Mobile’s investment in a building a more diverse supply chain by opening doors to meaningful employment within the telecommunications industry.

Launched in 2021, the program focuses on recruiting, training, certifying, and placing network technicians and equipment drivers roles critical to our 5G world in positions that help connect an industry need for skilled workers with a group that has been historically underrepresented in this part of the workforce.

T Mobile has funded 220 candidates, which included 150 in 2022, and we are proud to report that 100% of graduates received permanent job placements.

Additionally, we’re evaluating opportunities to include returning citizens people released from incarceration as part of these programs to encourage their full and successful reintegration into society.

Promoting an Equitable Supply Chain In its second year, our Diversity in Clean Energy (DiCE) partnership continued to drive inclusive and equitable practices in sourcing and supplier selection across the clean energy value chain.

Our ongoing support of Warriors4Wireless, a charitable organization that helps veterans find careers in the growing 5G wireless workforce, also directs resources to creating professional opportunities within our supply chain.

In 2022, T Mobile’s Technology team raised 2 million from its annual T Mobile Golf Tournament, with 1 million going to Warriors4Wireless and 1 million to the Tower Family Foundation.

Diverse Innovators Sustainability finalist with Fast Company.

Women Business Enterprise National Council ’ (WBENC) America’s Top Corporation: Resilience Edition.

T Mobile’s success begins and ends with our people.

Acting as one team, together, allows us to consistently deliver on our mission.

That’s why investing in our people is a top priority.

We offer Team Magenta opportunities to learn, grow, recharge and thrive throughout their career, in an open and encouraging workplace that provides the tools and resources to do their best work.

Our employees love our customers, and we love them.

T Mobile is an ambitious, customer obsessed, celebratory, and inclusive company united around our mission, vision, and values.

We thrive off the energy, creativity, and connection that comes from being together as one team, bringing unique perspectives and experiences to the table to innovate and advocate for our customers, and for one another.

We want each person on Team Magenta to feel valued, supported, and empowered to do their best work.

Our employees show up for our customers, and we show up for our employees.

It’s a relationship, and a commitment, we hope is evident from the moment they consider joining T Mobile and is felt throughout their career journeys as well as the big and small life moments that take place inside and outside of work.

Through career resources, inspiring physical spaces, an industry leading total rewards package, and work flexibility for different roles, we look for every opportunity to champion our employees and invest in a dynamic culture that sets us apart.

Creating a Better Employee Experience by Listening Building a culture like T Mobile’s doesn’t happen overnight.

It requires continuous engagement with employees at every level of the company to stay close to the experiences, concerns, and opportunities that shape and impact them.

We actively listen to our employees, a priority that starts from the very top.

Our CEO and leadership team host quarterly All Employee Meetings which feature an open Q A session the highest rated portion of the meeting where everyone has a chance to share and speak up.

Senior leaders also host regular employee meetings where opinions and ideas are openly shared in the spirit of being better together and loving our customers.

Additionally, through our confidential Our Voice surveys carried out multiple times each year, we get a pulse on how our employees feel, the issues they care about, and the pain points they encounter.

It’s a big part of how we measure the health of our culture and continue to evolve and grow.

Over half of our employees responded to our August survey and stated that: 86% say their team clearly prioritizes the customer experience in its work.

In 2022, we launched the My Experience T Mobile survey to complement the Our Voice survey.

Sent to a select number of employees once a year, it gives us the opportunity to delve more into each part of the employee experience.

With this information, we make data driven decisions to improve the employee experience.

Each and every employee plays an important role in T Mobile’s success.

It’s our job as a company to provide resources and spaces to help people be their very best through onboarding, mentorship, training, best in class benefits, safe workplaces, and more so they can focus on doing top notch work and participating in our Magenta culture.

ERGs have also piloted Mentoring Circles that pair leaders with mentees in a structured development program geared towards employee success and empowerment.

The goal is to place an emphasis on mentoring and developing emerging leaders at individual contributor, manager, and sr. manager levels to be successful in a highly dynamic environment.

Beginning as an employee led grassroots movement, our employee resource groups (ERGs) are an important part of the culture at T Mobile with nearly 40% of employees participating in one or more at the end of 2022.

Our six ERGs and four sub affinity groups tie their goals to business and employee pain points as well as amplify and celebrate the rich diversity of our employees’ ’ culture, heritage, and experience.

ERGs provide an invaluable connection for employees, offering learning opportunities that extend beyond the workplace and into their personal lives, too.

By taking advantage of the networking and educational programs offered through the ERGs, our data shows that employees that are members or leaders of these groups are more likely to achieve promotions or lateral transfers to try new jobs across the company.

Our ERGs sponsor cohorts of employees to participate in Lead Magenta Next, where participants receive mentoring, sponsorship, and a 6 month stretch assignment.

From 2021  2022, the Multicultural Alliance, Pride, Veteran and Allies Network, and the Women and Allies Network have all sponsored cohorts.

ERGs are creating deep and life changing experiences such as the Spoken Word in Washington, DC and bringing our Veterans to New York City for programming and the Veterans Day parade.

We’re proud that diversity, equity, and inclusion are deeply embedded in all we do from hiring and career development, to our award winning culture.

What started as an informal, grassroots movement over a decade ago has evolved into a vital part of our culture and an important aspect of how we do business.

We listen, learn, and invest so our culture of belonging continues to thrive and be a dynamic part of what it means to work at T Mobile.

In 2020, we launched Equity In Action (EIA), our five year strategic DE I plan that informs our values, the opportunities and investments we make for our employees, the products and services we offer, the suppliers we do business with, and how we advocate for our communities.

We’re proud of the investments we made in 2022 to further drive positive change in our culture, talent, brand, and communities and are even more inspired by the transformational work planned ahead.

Our diversity makes us stronger and more innovative.

We’re equitably expanding opportunities for talent with enhanced hiring and development programs.

One Team Together value thrives in a culture of respect and belonging, where everyone has a voice.

We engage employees, listen, solve pain points, educate, and take action.

We drive equity by investing in our communities through our Foundation, partners, ERGs, and DE I Chapters.

We’re increasing digital equity by expanding access to connectivity, skills development, and internships.

Announced The IMPACT DE I Award to recognize employee DE I efforts Increased year over year gender and racial ethnic diversity of T Mobile’s Board of Directors.

Launched customized DE I strategic plans for Business Functions.

Established the T Mobile Supplier Mentor Protege program, which focuses on providing support and opportunities for businesses owned by members of traditionally underrepresented backgrounds Launched the second year of our.

Invested in essential digital equity and literacy programs with several communities and organizations to empower at risk individuals with connectivity tools and skills to help address the digital divide.

Our Equity In Action plan reaches ALL employees, ensuring that everyone feels included and treated fairly.

We’re making great progress in addressing the challenges that affect both our employees and our business.

We’ve seen firsthand that when inclusion is a shared responsibility, when we have a culture of respect, and when our workforce represents our customers and communities, T Mobile is stronger and more successful.

Oversight and Governance T Mobile partners with our External Diversity and Inclusion Council and our California Inclusion Council, both of which includes leaders from top global organizations working in this space, to help guide and support our EIA plan.

Internally, we have a DE I Oversight Committee comprised of leaders from across the business who represent key functions for the five EIA focus areas and provide support for strategy planning and execution.

We also have an Inclusion Council comprised of 150 leaders across our Employee Resource Groups, 45 local DE I Chapters, and Business Functions, who meet annually to connect strategies, align objectives, and drive a collective vision for bringing respect, inclusion, and belonging to every employee.

Together, as ONE TEAM, the Council brings DE I initiatives, vision, and programs to life for employees in meaningful ways.

Team Magenta is made up of employees from different backgrounds, locations, experiences, and demographics.

It’s those unique perspectives combined with the Un carrier passion for customer love that allows us to best serve our diverse customer base across the U.S.

In 2022, our employees fueled the Un carrier as we brought our 5G network to customers and used our combined resources to have a positive impact on our communities and the planet.

We’re proud of the progress we’ve made to create an inclusive, diverse workforce, but we are never done with this work.

We will continue to prioritize diversity, equity, and inclusion into how we hire, develop, and grow in order to create broader access to opportunities for all employees.

To read our annual EEO 1 report, visit our ESG Reporting Hub.

Diversity in Numbers We continue to see an increase in women and traditionally underrepresented racial and ethnic groups in our workforce.

Over the past three years, the percentage of both females and the overall diversity of our Executive, People Manager, and Individual Contributor job categories have increased.

All data points are for December 31, 2022 percentages on this page may not add up to 100% due to rounding.

White I dentify as members of traditionally underrepresented racial and ethnic groups.

Building a team to drive a new era of the Un carrier means recruiting talent with the diverse perspectives, experiences, and skills we need to fulfill our company mission.

We recruit throughout the year to fill a variety of roles, from frontline to back office support, looking for the best fit both outside of T Mobile and within our ranks.

Recognizing the important economic role we play in our communities through the employment and career possibilities we offer, we strive to create a range of opportunities across the company so that Team Magenta can continue to grow in the same dynamic and diverse ways that our customer base grows.

For example, in 2022, we continued to invest in job creation in smaller markets and rural areas across the country, adding over 1,100 new jobs across approximately 160 new stores.

Additionally, our new Kingsburg Customer Experience Center in California has already created 1,000 new jobs in that community, all of which have a minimum starting wage package of at least 20 per hour and includes the same great health and tuition benefits we offer to all employees.

Our Commitment to Military Hiring In 2022, we continued to deliver on our commitment to hire 10,000 veterans and military spouses by the end of 2023.

We reach military families through job fairs and Veterans Affairs offices and through partnerships with groups like FourBlock, Hiring our Heroes, and Warriors4Wireless.

We also expanded recruiting efforts with American Vets Group, BlueStar Families, Tech for Troops, Warriors Quiet Waters, in addition to others.

Together, these efforts brought us to 86% of our military hiring goal by the end of 2022.

To expand opportunities for transitioning service members, we’re increasing enrollment in our Military Fellowship Program, a 12 week internship program with T Mobile, and in the newly created Military Spouse Fellowship Program.

In that same spirit, we’re evaluating how our existing benefits support military families to make employment with us more feasible.

For example, we increased the number of days used for training or service in our military benefits plan to 20 and implemented greater flexibility to use that time throughout the year.

In response to our efforts, we were recognized by Military Friendly as a Military Friendly Employer and Military Spouse Friendly employer in 2022.

Starting With a Warm Magenta Welcome We embrace our new employees with a big Magenta welcome from the moment they start their journey at T Mobile.

We want everyone to feel like they truly belong when they step through our doors and strive to provide the tools and support to help our new employees succeed.

From dedicated online resources that help new employees navigate T Mobile, to providing regular exposure to senior leaders and showering them in Magenta gear, we do our very best to make every new member of Team Magenta feel welcomed and connected to our community.

Our New People Leader (NPL) Onboarding shares best practices as employees transition to a new leader role.

People Leaders manage our most valuable asset our people so the success of our business is quite literally linked to theirs.

Over the course of 90 days, we connect new leaders to the vast resources, tools, and people that can help them support their teams.

People Leaders are also invited to a monthly virtual session where they can learn management basics, share concepts on how to lead with our values, and how to offer the most effective employee support.

In 2022, inspired by Black innovators who have forged pathways to success for their community, we made a 2.5 million donation through our Magenta Scholars program to support the next generation of diverse leaders who will carry on that legacy.

Our donation supports the Thurgood Marshall College Fund’s scholarships for students attending historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and the new National Black Talent Bank program that helps high school graduates jumpstart their professional careers and gain access to tailored higher education opportunities.

Our expanded partnership with T Mobile provides HBCU students with a clear path to degree completion and lucrative careers.

Our Commitment to People with Disabilities We remain steadfast in our commitment to create a best in class workplace for hiring, retaining, and promoting people with disabilities.

Their perspectives and experiences enrich our workforce, and we are proud to report our CEO was among the first group of leading CEOs to sign the Disability:IN Letter on Disability Inclusion.

Support for attracting and retaining these valuable members of our workforce starts at the top and is part of our company fabric.

Providing More Pathways to Employment Having a meaningful path to employment is life changing, especially for people who lack access to traditional education, such as obtaining a degree from a four year university.

As a multi faceted employer that is always looking for diverse skills ranging from retail sales and customer care to technical expertise and telecommunications experience, we invest in programs that build more employment pathways in our communities.

For example, our year long Apprenticeship program helps individuals who may not have advanced degrees or meaningful work experience gain relevant skills through classroom instruction and hands on experience by working at T Mobile.

The most recent Apprenticeship program that ran from fall 2021 2022 had a 100% conversion rate to T Mobile roles for those who completed the program.

Apprenticeships like ours not only invest in Team Magenta and contribute to the economy, but they also help support underrepresented communities and advance equitable opportunities in the workplace.

Important life events or professional shifts often force people to press pause on their careers.

Our Returnship Program allows them to hit the start button again.

We provide a dedicated career development and support system to build skills, offer coaching and mentorship, and get resume ready in our six month program.

In 2022,  we had 23 Returners enrolled, of whom more than 80% identified as female and over 70% returned to full time employment after graduation.

Our program is open to all, including veterans, in recognition of the difficulties they often encounter in transitioning to the civilian workplace following their military service.

Moving forward, our focus is on bringing the Returnship Program 100% in house at T Mobile, tailoring training to our most relevant open roles, and increasing the number of Returners finding full time employment.

Additionally, our T Mobile Explorer Prep High School program allows high performing high school students to participate in a certificate program with local community colleges to earn college credits and a certificate in a technology related focus, like Full Stack Development, Cybersecurity, and User Experience Design.

Complete with work experience at T Mobile over two summers, students who earn their certificate can interview for full time roles at T Mobile where they join the Early in Career Experience Program, a two year, full time experience that prepares participants to transition into an Associate role within our technology team.

While in the program, participants receive ongoing career development through technical boot camps, workshops, and training certifications.

We encourage every employee to learn and grow throughout their career.

Not only is career growth a valued part of the T Mobile experience, it’s an important driver of our innovative spirit and success.

By strategically investing in key areas of career development and learning, we’re equipping our people for their current roles and for growth opportunities at T Mobile.

We want to deliver the best experiences from the best team, and one way we do that is by offering a line up of development programs and resources to build diverse talent and empower our people to succeed through every step of their career.

It’s all easily accessible on our Magenta University site, which is our one stop shop for all things career development and learning.

The online learning portal is designed to put employees in the driver’s seat and give them access to mentoring, training, videos, books, job search, interview tips, and much more.

Evolve Skills and Careers T Mobile offers a wide range of training tools for employees to help grow their skills and careers.

Percipio is an easily accessible online learning site and app with thousands of topics, trainings, resources, and learning paths to customize individual learning journeys.

We also partner with FranklinCovey to provide bite sized performance support for individuals and leaders via a virtual mentor program.

Employees access Percipio and FranklinCovey for skills development specific to their needs on popular topics such as developing emotional intelligence, leading teams, inspiring innovation and creativity, and expert insights on mentoring.

Includes only trackable training hours completed in our formal Learning Management System.

Part of evolving skills for a successful career progression is helping employees develop a growth mindset and understanding how they’re doing today so they can plan and prepare for their next big move.

Programs like Accelerate My Performance (AMP) equip employees and managers to have ongoing conversations that support job performance and career growth.

Employees also use assessment and feedback tools while creating Individual Development Plans (IDPs) that help them grow identified Values in Action with their manager’s support.

Our Mentor Match tool also continues to support one to one mentoring connections across the company.

In 2022, we refreshed and expanded the tools in our performance and development portfolio, including Virtual Instructor Led Trainings (VILTs) around goal setting, feedback, coaching, and difficult conversations, and just in time videos that help employees more easily use our Workday tools.

We also expanded our Leadership Talent Review process to include all People Managers.

This enables managers to better learn about the development aspirations of those on their team and best support their growth.

CareerTraX is our nine month role rotation program designed to provide employees ranging from individual contributors to senior managers with opportunities to acquire new business skills, grow their network, gain increased exposure to cross functional teams, and explore new career paths within T Mobile.

The strength focused development program drives career mobility within the company, allowing employees to make career shifts and apply their skillset to new challenges.

This strengthens our workforce and helps us retain talent over the long term.

From the 2021 2022 pilot, 94% of participants completed the entire rotation and, of that group, 80% were converted or promoted into new roles, and 100% said they gained new skills and knowledge and will apply what they learned to their job.

CareerTraX not only gave me an opportunity to experience a different side of the organization (product design management), but it also gave me a chance to explore and learn about new products and the underlying technology.

Without CareerTraX I would have never thought of getting into drones or even getting a commercial FAA drone pilot license.

Advancing Leadership Expertise We support leader development through immersive and on demand learning experiences across a portfolio ecosystem that includes onboarding, in role development, coaching, assessments, and mentorships.

Through a portfolio of carefully curated tools, programs, and on demand resources designed for managers and aspiring mangers, we help build courageous, inspiring, purpose driven leaders who can bring out the best in themselves and others.

Magenta9 is an award winning leadership   development offering designed for high performing, high potential senior managers selected through a nomination process.

This program helps employees strengthen director level skillsets to set them up for career advancement opportunities, while providing a level of flexibility and personalization that makes the program feasible when balancing already full schedules.

In 2022, 96% of participants say they believe they have become more effective and confident as a leader because of Magenta9 and 38% of our active alumni have already been promoted to Director positions.

Seasoned people leaders at T Mobile consistently strive to enhance their leadership skills.

Manager Mastery is our solution to invest in these important leaders through multiple individual four week trainings featuring engaging session formats like virtual instructors’, role plays, videos and articles, networking opportunities, and simulations.

In 2022, Manager Mastery participation increased 24% from the previous year and 98% of participants said they could apply what they learned to their current role.

Embedding DE I into Learning and Development We’re embedding DE I into how we develop and provide learning opportunities for our people as well as intentionally integrating it into the promotion process.

Programs like our One Team Together Learning Journey promote inclusive habits and behaviors at every level of the organization, while targeted programs like Lead Magenta Next, help develop underrepresented talent and strengthen diversity at the leadership level.

One Team Together Learning Journey (OTTLJ) is a company wide training designed to strengthen the habits and behaviors we need to empower each other, build connections and belonging, and inspire winning together.

OTTLJ was developed in partnership with FranklinCovey and the NeuroLeadership Institute and launched in 2021 to help us be more effective in how we engage  with DE I efforts across T Mobile.

In 2022, OTTLJ focused on Breaking Unconscious Bias by leveraging a growth mindset and introducing employees to a shared common language around unconscious bias.

In 2022, 74% of employees engaged in the experience and approximately 44,000 employees visited our resources and tools page designed to support ongoing habit practice and conversations.

Our Behavior Change Indicators suggest 61% of program participants are now deliberately using a strategy to mitigate an unconscious bias.

Our workplaces are an extension of our culture and brand.

Whether retail stores, corporate offices, Customer Experience Centers, or other facilities, our buildings are meant to welcome and celebrate every T Mobile employee.

We work hard to ensure employees have everything they need and feel equipped and supported to do their best work at T Mobile.

Inclusive Workplace Design We take an inclusive approach to the design of our buildings.

This includes inviting direct input from employees through surveys and regular roundtable discussions where we learn about their experiences and needs, and then use the information to inform our existing spaces and future designs.

In 2022, we hired an accessibility architectural consultant to support universal design improvements across T Mobile’s corporate offices and Customer Experience Centers.

A variety of workspace enhancements were implemented as we continue to evolve our workplace to be more universal and accessible for all employees.

These included widened aisleways, the addition of tactile experiences, increased availability of variable height and width of furniture, and quiet focus rooms.

We provide amenities varying by location, which include: Accessible Mother’s Rooms with individual areas, refrigerator freezers, lactation pumps, sinks, storage, and controlled security access.

Multi Faith Rooms that include separated areas with foot showers and prayer meditation space.

Wellness Rooms with comfortable lounge seating and dimmable lighting for decompressing and relaxing.

All gender restrooms in addition to standard building restrooms.

In the Office, Together Being together is a powerful thing for our celebratory, inclusive, and customer obsessed team.

As the way people work continues to evolve along with the standards around workplace flexibility, we are constantly seeking to understand how we can best support our employees through the options we provide and expectations we set.

In determining what level of in person work makes the most sense for employees across Team Magenta, we conducted surveys and focus groups including a focus group led by our CEO to get a clear picture of what our employees needed to perform their best work.

We understood that many roles require significant cross functional collaboration and are best served with at least some time spent in an office environment.

Therefore, we classified each role across the company so that it’s associated with the workplace arrangement best suited for that work this can range from in person all the time to hybrid roles that are in office part of the week to field based or mostly remote.

Across our four largest campuses, T Mobile offers a Lunch on Us program for employees, serving more than 950,000 meals throughout 2022.

Free lunches support our efforts to keep employees safe as we gradually welcomed them back to work as the pandemic evolved.

The program has also led to increased employee productivity and enables greater collaboration across time  zones by providing employees with quick, on site options for lunch.

Supporting Health, Wellness, and Safety at Our Facilities The physical health and safety of our customers and employees is a top priority.

A cornerstone of this commitment is the WELL Health Safety rating for our corporate offices and Customer Experience Centers.

This performance based system measures, certifies, and monitors specific features of our facilities that impact human health and wellbeing through air, water, nourishment, light, fitness, comfort, and mind.

We also have a strong Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Program to reduce workplace hazards, comply with regulations, and implement sustainable business practices.

As part of this program, we have a range of resources and training courses available to all employees, a 24 7 EHS Help Line for employees to report any EHS related concerns, and emergency response equipment at our facilities.

The EHS team plans for conducting approximately 150 nationwide site assessments each year to evaluate specific health and safety needs and confirm environmental compliance.

This team also manages our Vendor Safety Program which works with more than 1,000 key vendors to confirm they have the proper health and safety programs in place to prevent workplace incidents while doing work on behalf of T Mobile.

T Mobile’s Chief Digital Officer, Marcus East, reaffirmed T Mobile’s commitment to accessibility through a revised Digital credo for the company: Accessible, Anytime, Anywhere.

In support of this effort, we’ve continued to invest in the Accessibility Resource Center (ARC) and our team of dedicated Accessibility experts.

The ARC hosted its second annual Accessibility Summit in May 2022.

The week long summit celebrated Accessibility and those who benefit from it through education and awareness.

Topics ranged from Accessibility 101 classes to deep dives into user experience and best practices for development and testing.

It also included interview panels on creating an inclusive culture in the workplace and the relevance and importance of Accessibility in how we do business.

Digital sits at the intersection of people, technology, and business.

It’s important to understand how people with diverse experiences and backgrounds will interact with T Mobile products and technology services so that we can create experiences that are inclusive and accessible to everyone.

Our Magenta Ambassador team aims to provide the same great experience for employees as our employees deliver to our customers.

The Magenta Ambassador team supports employees’ productivity, efficiency, and ability to connect with one another in our spaces.

They are on site points of contact for our employees, assisting with individual workspace needs, amenity spaces, or visitor support.

Magenta Ambassadors are located at our largest campuses: Bellevue, Overland Park, New York City, and Frisco.

Accessibility at T Mobile Assuring that every employee has the chance to fully participate in T Mobile’s range of programs, resources, and events is core to our DE I commitment.

We provide services such as American Sign Language interpreters, captioning, and audio descriptions for every employee or candidate who indicates they need them, and an enhanced onboarding SharePoint page for a better screen reader experience.

In October, we launched the Disability Fundamentals for Managers training to aid people managers in addressing disability issues that may arise at any point in an employee’s journey with T Mobile.

The training was assigned to all VP level and below managers and provided helpful insight into a number of areas surrounding these employees’ experiences.

Our Accessibility Resource Center (ARC) and T Mobile’s Learning Development team launched a comprehensive internal knowledge base for educational content creators, providing deep and varied information to all of our instructional designers and paving the way for more accessible learning and training content across the company.

Additionally, our bi monthly Accessibility Champions Listening Sessions continue to be an integral way employees with disabilities and allies can directly engage with key functional area leaders on accessibility topics.

Disability:IN recognized T Mobile as the 2022 Employer of the Year from among Disability:IN’s network of over 400 corporations.

This award recognizes a company for exemplary policies, strategies, and initiatives that have resulted in measurable results in the areas of disability inclusiveness in the workplace, marketplace, accessibility, and supply chain both inside the U.S. and internationally.

For the sixth year in a row, T Mobile received a 100% score from the Disability Equality Index Survey.

In addition, the National Organization on Disability recognized us with its 2022 Leading Disability Organization Award.

We celebrate these wins and acknowledge there is more work to be done and thus, we continue to drive enterprise wide disability inclusion and accessibility priorities in the following areas: education for employees, investment in representation, expansion of the talent pool, enhancement of infrastructure, and leadership advocacy.

We know that their lives outside of work directly impact their ability to do their best at T Mobile.

That’s why we strive to support employees through life’s greatest moments as well as the most challenging and provide ways to recharge and be inspired by one another.

An important way that we show up for our employees is through the benefits we provide.

We design our benefits program with a focus on equity and holistic employee health to support our diverse employee base through major life events.

We consider factors such as age, gender, sexual orientation, income level, geographic location, and more when determining what types of benefits our employees truly need and what potential barriers to access look like for different groups of people.

And because every role at T Mobile is important to our success, we offer the same quality benefit options to all our employees, from the frontline to the CEO.

The world continues to change, which means our benefits program continues to evolve to best support our employees.

Caring for Family: Beyond our standard paid time off (PTO) program, in 2022 we expanded our paid leave benefits to give employees the ability to take up to three weeks of paid leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition.

For new parents, we also extended child bonding leave to four weeks so that birth parents have up to 12 weeks of leave available to them through child bonding and short term disability, and non birth parents have four weeks of bonding leave.

Family Planning: In response to employee feedback, we redesigned how employees across T Mobile can access person centered, holistic resources to start and support a family from conception to childcare.

Through our partner Progyny, we enhanced reproductive healthcare access, which included new egg freezing benefits, reduced requirements for receiving reproductive benefits, and provided employees with access to resources and a navigator who can walk them through their family planning options.

Childcare: We offer a tax deferred childcare subsidy program, which we announced in 2022 would be getting an upgrade effective January 2023.

The enhancement helps lower income employees with up to 250 per month (through a nontaxable account) to put towards the cost of childcare.

Medical Travel: T Mobile medical plans have long included travel and lodging coverage for procedures that may be difficult to receive locally, and this benefit was recently expanded to include travel benefits for a full range of employee health care needs.

Mental Health: In 2022, we doubled the number of free mental health visits offered to every employee to 10 on a per incident (not per year) basis.

We also launched mental health trainings for managers so they can be aware of mental health needs of their employees and help connect them to the appropriate mental health resources.

On site Health and Dental Options: We’re helping our employees prioritize themselves and their own health by bringing care conveniently on site.

Last year, we piloted an on site dental support program with Jet Dental at five Customer Experience Centers and received positive feedback from participating employees.

Education: We added a benefit that provides employees who have teenagers preparing for college with dedicated resources to work through the admissions process.

We also continue to offer a tuition assistance program to employees that pays tuition expenses up front.

Short term Disability: With short term disability being such an important way to provide employees with income protection in the event of an accident or serious health condition, we recently improved this benefit to cover up to 26 weeks at 75% pay.

Retirement: We restructured our 401(k) benefits to allow employees an additional option to contribute to their 401(k) plan on an after tax basis and convert those dollars to Roth, allowing them to contribute more per year than previously possible.

For more details on our benefits, see our Culture and Benefits Site.

When life happens money stressors, family issues, health challenges, you name it LiveMagenta gives employees the support they need.

We empower everyone who works here to Act Like an Owner because our people are literally owners of our success.

We are the only wireless provider that has offered annual stock grants to every single employee, after a year or less employed here since 2014.

Additionally,  T Mobile’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is an opportunity to share in company performance by purchasing T Mobile (TMUS) stock at a 15% discount through payroll deduction.

Providing equitable compensation across our workforce is a top priority.

Beyond our Nationwide Minimum Pay standard, we also comply with various state pay transparency laws which require companies of 15 or more employees to include in each job posting the wage scale or salary range of the job, along with a listing of all benefits and other forms of compensation offered.

Nationwide Minimum Pay Every single employee at T Mobile, even our newest team members just starting to build their skill base, are entitled to a competitive wage.

We offer a nationwide minimum pay of at least 20 per hour for all T Mobile employees.

This applies to every single employee regardless of role, or full time or part time status.

It’s also about recruiting more great team members to join us, something we’ve already seen play out.

Competition to keep and find top talent is as tough as ever and as a great employer, we like it that way.

Compensation and Commitment to Pay Equity T Mobile is committed to being an equitable and inclusive company in which we provide the best experience and opportunities for all our employees.

Part of this commitment is paying our employees equitably based on their performance, regardless of gender, race ethnicity, or other aspects of an employee’s identity.

Putting people first and treating them right is core to our values and how we operate.

Additionally, as part of our broader commitment to pay equity, we removed all questions requesting current or past salary information from the application and hiring process.

T Mobile evaluates and benchmarks our compensation program on an annual basis specific to regions in which we do business.

Additionally, our HR team is dedicated to pay equity and regularly reviews compensation across the organization as well as promotion practices to align with job roles and levels throughout the company.

Knowledge and best practices gained from these inputs are used to show that practices related to compensation will be in alignment with our broader commitments around putting diversity, equity, and inclusion at the center of everything we do for our employees, our customers, and our communities.

Despite an uncertain economy, T Mobile experienced unprecedented success in 2022.

Because of this, and because of the impacts from inflation and the economy, our CEO announced in January 2023 a one time investment that will benefit nearly every employee.

Every employee will receive a one time 1,000 Incremental Cash Bonus payable in two installments over the course of the year, and every employee7 below the director level will receive an additional 50% Annual Stock Grant in 2023.

These two moves are a BIG investment and among the long list of things that set us apart as a team and allow us to continue to do our best work for our customers.

Education, banking, work, social services, and staying in touch with loved ones, all require access to high speed connectivity.

Yet today, many people lack access to reliable or affordable connectivity.

That’s why T Mobile has set out to connect more people in more places to our nationwide network.

And, we’re investing in the economic and social vitality of local communities across the country.

It’s all part of our commitment to use our scale, technology, and resources for good.

Connectivity is so embedded in our daily lives that anybody without consistent and reliable access is at an economic and social disadvantage.

That’s why we are committed to making our network accessible and affordable from coast to coast.

It’s all part of our ambition to create a connected world where everyone can thrive.

We’re advancing our efforts to expand access to connectivity in three key ways: Bringing Choice and Speed to Communities.

Making Connectivity More Affordable and Accessible.

Changing the Broadband Game: Approximately one in seven U.S. households have just one choice for internet service.

We’’ve taken on Big Internet, utilizing our leading nationwide 5G network to bring fast, reliable connectivity to more people, in more communities than ever before, to become the fastest growing broadband provider in the U.S., putting choice back in the hands of consumers.

At the end of 2022, T Mobile’’s high speed internet was available to over 50 million U.S. households a third of which are in rural areas.

All in for Rural America: America’’s small markets and rural communities are often overlooked and underestimated, even though they make up approximately 40% of the country.

In 2022, we surpassed our year end target, covering approximately 60% of households located in small and rural markets across America.

And, we plan to have our 5G network reach deep into rural areas, with 85% of rural Americans covered in 2023 and 90% covered by 2026.

For many of these communities, T Mobile will be the only 5G game in town.

Because we believe that every community in the United States is worth investing in.

In 2020, T Mobile completed its merger with Sprint to create the leader in 5G.

We started this journey because we believed it would be better for consumers and that together, we could build the best 5G network in our industry.

We’re making good on our promise to connect more people in more places than ever before by expanding our network into communities that were traditionally overlooked by other providers because access to reliable, high speed connectivity is a gamechanger for the social and economic vitality of people and places everywhere.

And we don’t believe anyone should ’ be left behind.

Craig County is a small county in Virginia where many of the approximately 4,800 residents who call this county home have long struggled with slow, unreliable DSL internet service.

The people ’ of Craig County didn’t just have an internet problem, they had a productivity issue, a homework problem, an e commerce challenge and a basic reliability challenge that impacted everything from telehealth and banking to small business transactions and time spent connecting with family.

The Craig County Broadband Committee had had enough.

They reached out directly to our CEO, Mike Sievert, to ask for help.

T Mobile was soon able to pilot 5G Home Internet service in Craig Country.

The pilot resulted in over a third of Craig County being able to sign up for  T Mobile’s 5G Home Internet service, helping the county’s essential services and local businesses being able to run at modern speeds, and families being able to reliably and affordably stay connected for work, school, and entertainment.

For more details on how we help smaller towns across America thrive, see the story on the Hometown Grants section.

Closing the Digital Equity Gap in Education: Nearly three years ago, T Mobile launched Project  10Million with the bold ambition to eradicate the income Homework Gap, a pervasive issue in low  communities that puts millions of under connected  aged students American households with school  at an educational disadvantage compared to their more affluent peers.

By offering qualifying families and school districts free or highly subsidized connectivity, T Mobile provides participating students  with the essential connectivity they need to access everything they need to learn and do their homework outside of school.

Supporting Refugees With Critical Connectivity: In early 2022, our CEO joined 36 other chief executives to form the Welcome.US CEO Council, an innovative collaboration that helps incoming refugees transition with critical supplies, training, and community support.

Recognizing how vital connectivity is to people who are rebuilding their lives in a new country,  Mobile pledged to provide up to 200,000 lines of  free service (unlimited talk, text, and data for one year) through Welcome.US.

Working with our parters, we connected over 7,000 incoming refugees, primarily Afghanis and Ukrainians, in the first several months of the partnership, valued at 1.27 million.

In today’s digital world, being disconnected presents unfair hurdles and roadblocks to everyday life.

To address this critical issue, T Mobile has made significant investments in programs and initiatives that make connectivity more accessible and affordable, for everyone.

Providing Affordable Options: In 2020, we launched our lowest priced smartphone plan ever T Mobile Connect at 15 a month.

We also added Connect by T Mobile prepaid plans starting at 10 per month.

These plans provide low cost options to connect millions of low income families and individuals.

Additionally, Metro by T Mobile and Assurance Wireless are participating in the federal government’’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) where eligible households receive a monthly discount of up to 30 (up to 75 on qualifying tribal lands, as determined by the Federal Communications Commission) toward internet service on certain plans.

Connecting Our Heroes: T Mobile’s 10 year  commitment provides public and nonprofit state and local law enforcement and first responders with free, unlimited talk, text, and smartphone data with high priority access and preemption services to agencies enrolled in saving agencies up to 7 billion.8 T Mobile also teamed up with Visual Labs to offer a cost effective body worn camera solution.

More states are now requiring body worn cameras which can be a significant cost for agencies especially in small towns or rural areas.

The Visual Labs solution enables a first responder’s smartphone to become a cost effective body camera, digital camera, audio recorder and personnel locator, helping public safety agencies improve evidence  gathering and transparency.

Fast, reliable 5G internet is now the standard for access in modern society.

For T Mobile, reaching more customers isn’t only good for business, it’s another way we can help end the digital equity gap and level the playing field.

We’re in the business of finding new and creative ways to connect customers, and that includes providing accessible solutions  whenever possible.

T Mobile offers accessibility options for customers such as alternate billing for individuals with visual impairments, free credits toward 411 directory services, RTT (real time text), and easy to use handsets.

T Mobile also provides IP Relay services that allow people who are Deaf, Hard of Hearing, DeafBlind or have a Speech Disability to use an internet connection, a computer, or mobile device to connect to relay operator who converts voice communication into text.

With so much of today’s out of school learning online, inequity in connectivity leads to inequity in education.

This pervasive societal issue disproportionality affects low income families and families from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, creating an uneven playing field for children across the country.

In 2020, T Mobile launched Project 10Million to solve the digital equity issue for families across the country.

We set the audacious goal of offering up to 10 million eligible households across the U.S. a free mobile hotspot and free internet connectivity.

We also offer school districts free and heavily subsidized data plans for their students, as well as access to affordable laptops and tablets.

In collaboration with school districts, community partners and student families, we’ve connected more than 5.3 million students to the internet and supported over 5,000 school districts through Project 10Million and other education initiatives through the end of 2022, resulting in providing more than 4.8 billion in products and services.

We’re proud of the progress we’ve made, but know there is still plenty of work ahead.

Partnering to Bridge the Digital Divide In 2020, we joined forces with Big Brothers Big Sisters of America (BBBSA) to help more families that lack home internet connectivity.

As one of the country’s ’ most trusted non profit organizations, BBBSA’s belief that inherent in every child is incredible potential  aligns perfectly with T Mobile’s focus on overcoming the connectivity barrier that limits the education potential of children in underserved communities.

Through BBBSA’s expansive network of 230 agencies across 5,000 communities we are working together to bring connectivity where it’s needed and allow kids to sign up through our co branded website.

Young people have faced the realities of inequitable access to the internet for far too long.

Our community of mentors and volunteers provide the support, resources, and time needed to keep all kids on a path to academic success.

We know there is power in partnership and community that is why we are so pleased to partner with T Mobile to provide the critical access to the connectivity necessary to empower young people and their potential.

In summer 2022, we experienced a surge in Project 10Million enrollments, underscoring the critical importance of this initiative.

After receiving an email about the  program from T Mobile, parents started sharing  details to their networks on social media.

Before we knew it, their posts went viral, resulting  in an increase of over 2,300% in qualified sign ups  for Project 10Million from May to October, including over 100,000 enrollments in a single ’ month.

And, we haven ’ By the end of 2022, we added almost 500,000  consumer new students through our direct  channel, one of the many ways we know that Project 10Million is addressing an essential need and making a big impact in communities across the country.

School district administrators looking to apply can do so here and individual families with qualifying students can sign up directly online.

Developing Entrepreneurship in Hispanic Latino Businesses Latinos are contributing to our country’s workforce and economy every day, and UnidosUS works to open pathways for the Hispanic community to gain access to the jobs of the future.

The UnidosUS Latinx in Business program, which began at the beginning of the pandemic with T Mobile as an inaugural  partner, continues to successfully fulfill this mission.

The program aims to provide digital skills training for entrepreneurs, equipping them with the knowledge and tools to successfully leverage technology in launching or expanding their small business.

With T Mobile’’s support, the program has already served over 400 small business and entrepreneurs.

Now heading into the second year of this initiative, UnidosUS has the goal of expanding the program to serve over 250 current and future entrepreneurs.

Supporting LGBTQ Communities with Digital Skills and Technology T Mobile continued to serve as an advocate for the  LGBTQ community by breaking down barriers and creating more digital inclusiveness.

Our long standing partnership with Human Rights Campaign (HRC) remains a critical piece of our outreach.

Connectivity is only half of the solution in today’’s digital world.

For those who lack the skills to use their connected devices, the digital divide remains a stark reality that prevents access to everything from healthcare and financial services to employment and basic, fulfilling social connections.

In 2022, T Mobile continued to provide funding for impactful programs to equip people and businesses with the tools needed to navigate and thrive in our connected world.

The program provides training and resources on education about cyberbullying and internet safety, as well as the basics of budgeting and financial management, so this vulnerable population can lead safer, healthier lives.

In 2022, the HRC completed a survey of approximately 10,000 LGBTQ youth and their exposure to cyberbullying and safety online.

Survey results will inform the build out of additional digital literacy and financial empowerment training programs designed to meet the needs of this community.

Additionally, T Mobile is a key funder of PowerOn Mobile by LGBT Tech, a diverse team of experts from multiple backgrounds who work to educate organizations and policymakers on the unique needs LGBTQ individuals face when it comes to tech.

Through our support, we helped provide front line LGBTQ serving organizations across the country with access to the technology and connectivity they need to support clients with vital healthcare, job seeking, food insecurity, and emergency services advice.

Supporting Digital Skills Training for Low Income Individuals Research shows that families with low income are less likely to have the digital literacy skills they need to complete basic tasks like searching for a job or sending an email.

That’’s why T Mobile is proud to support PCs for People, a national leader in digital inclusion.

Through their work across six states, they aim to grow a scalable social enterprise that will empower individuals, families, and nonprofits with low income to benefit from the life changing impacts of the internet.

T Mobile’’s support of PCs for People will benefit their digital literacy outreach and education work in the Kansas City area.

By supporting adults of all ages as they learn digital skills that will, in the long term, improve their economic opportunities, civic participation, and quality of life, T Mobile can help PCs for People close the digital skills gap for those most in need.

Empowering Women to Thrive in Work and Life Lack of technology and digital skills deprive women of many things, including the ability to attain or retain a job or advance to higher paying jobs.

Enter Dress for Success, a global not for profit organization that empowers diverse, low income women to achieve economic independence by providing a network of support, professional attire, and the development tools to help them thrive in work and in life.

By supporting their Get Connected initiative in the Seattle area, we can help advance their work to provide a laptop and in depth digital literacy skills training to women who most need it and ultimately help them achieve financial independence and be treated with dignity and respect.

Learn more about how we are supporting digital equity programs in our headquarter communities in our Community Investment section.

The economic and social well being of the places that our customers and employees call home has an enormous impact on their vitality and livability.

Through our retail stores, offices, Customer Experience Centers, and network operations across the country, T Mobile creates value in these communities through job creation, commerce, and the access to our products and services.

Additionally, we make philanthropic investments that support our commitment to digital equity and empower our employees to support the causes closest to their hearts.

The Un carrier Way of Creating Impact for Our Workforce Our employees are closest to the issues in their communities, which is why empowering them as T Mobile’s philanthropic ambassadors is central to our philanthropic strategy.

Funded by the T Mobile Foundation, we offer employees different opportunities to give back throughout the year in ways big and small, including volunteerism, board service, and donating to the charities they are passionate about.

In 2022 we proudly launched Volun T, our national employee grant program that offers any employee, or group of employees, the opportunity to apply for a volunteer based grant to support their local communities.

Our inspiration was enabling all employees, irrespective of socio economic status, the opportunity to work with non profits on issues that directly impact the vitality of their community.

Whether it be board service, individual or large group volunteer events, we love seeing Team Magenta show up around the country to give back Within the first six months, employees had participated in projects benefiting dozens of cities in 28 states, distributing over 600,000 to local non profits.

We know we’’re onto something good and look forward to expanding it in 2023 and beyond.

Our Magenta Match program is another giving program that offers our employees the opportunity to give back to charities in their communities that are close to their hearts.

Funded by the T Mobile Foundation, Magenta Match matches employee financial donations dollar for dollar, and 10 per volunteer hour, for a total of up to 2,000 a year per employee.

Recognizing that not every person in our company is able to donate, the T Mobile Foundation seeds employees giving accounts with dollars at different times throughout the year.

On Giving Tuesday 2022, T Mobile employees each received 30 to donate to the charity of their choice, collectively giving nearly 450,000 to charities across the country.

In 2022, we donated more than 2.2 billion as a company and through the T Mobile Foundation to communities across the U.S. and Puerto Rico.

This represents from the T Mobile Foundation and the business, and 2.1 billion through in kind product and service donations for our connectivity initiatives like Project 10Million and disaster relief efforts.

Investing resources in our Headquarter communities is a great way for T Mobile to continue strengthening local ties while also creating a more digitally inclusive society plus it’s a great way to empower employees to get involved with the causes they are most passionate about.

A Refreshed Strategy for Our Headquarter Communities In 2022 T Mobile reinvigorated philanthropic investments in our two headquarter locations Bellevue, WA and the greater Kansas City area.

Aligned with our aspiration to create a connected world where everyone can thrive, a majority of our 2 million in donations went to organizations that foster digital equity and inclusion in our hometowns.

Grant recipients were non profits focused on providing digital connectivity solutions, digital literacy training, and job skilling to prepare citizens to compete in the digital economy.

The remaining funds were allocated to address issues specific to the Kansas City and Seattle areas.

And because we know that Team Magenta is all about giving back to our communities more than 2,000 employees engaged with our 2022 HQ grant recipients, either through volunteering or providing personal financial support.

Examples of Our Digital Equity Grantees Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas Our donation supported Goodwill’s digital inclusion programming, which aims to close the digital divide and help educate underserved workers in basic digital literacy skills.

The funding will help Goodwill reach its goal of serving at least 1,000 people at 80 events via its mobile workforce unit (a large, renovated recreational vehicle with 10 computers, a printer, and a presentation screen) in 2023.

Of those, Goodwill plans for at least 600 individuals to gain competency and comfort with basic digital skills, and at least 200 individuals will gain access to new devices or broadband.

International Rescue Committee (IRC) Seattle IRC Seattle was founded in 1976 with the mission of empowering refugees to achieve self sufficiency as they rebuild their lives in King County, WA.

As refugees arrive in the United States, they often do so with low digital access or proficiency, which automatically puts them at a disadvantage in earning gainful employment and other basic opportunities.

Our grant will support IRC’s Digital Equity and Literacy Program in Seattle, which helps refugees learn basic digital literacy skills and provides them with a connected device.

Overall, we aim to support more than 100 refugees as they navigate a new country while building rewarding lives for themselves and their families.

Examples of Our Vitality Grantees Newhouse Newhouse is the largest long term shelter in the heart of Kansas City, with 88 beds and a variety of essential daily and specialized services available for guests.

Our grant went directly to support the essential services Newhouse offers, including: First language services either by bilingual staff or a certified interpreter.

Trauma informed, survivor focused support through Newhouse’s Hotline call support system.

Congregations for the Homeless (CFH) Since 1993, CFH has been the only shelter for men experiencing homelessness on the eastside of the greater Seattle area, serving nearly 1,500 clients annually.

Our grant provided further support towards completing CFH’s comprehensive campus to support more clients in collaboration with local developers and front line service providers.

In times of crisis, we are determined to show up and make our mark.

Due to the pandemic, unemployment and food insecurity soared, leading 53 million people to turn to food banks and community programs.

We teamed up with Feeding America, the largest nonprofit working with food banks and food pantries, to address this societal challenge and help end hunger in the U.S. By donating 200,000, we helped fund approximately two million meals.

The campus is meant to be an example of the potential to end homelessness with affordable housing solutions to support those who need stable and reliable housing most.

Championing Young Changemakers in Their Communities The Changemaker Challenge is part of T Mobile’s commitment to being a force for good in our communities.

In 2022, the T Mobile Foundation and social entrepreneurship nonprofit Ashoka hosted the fourth edition of the annual nationwide contest (open to U.S. and Puerto Rico residents).

The challenge mobilizes students aged 13 18 to submit innovative project ideas that create positive change in their communities across three categories: Digital Empowerment, Equity In Action, and a Thriving Environment.

In 2022, 16 teams were selected to receive seed funding for their projects and flew to Seattle to participate in a three day intensive Changemaker Lab workshop hosted at T Mobile’s Bellevue HQ.

The learning experience involved mentorship from T Mobile executives, public speaking and story telling workshops, and business case workshops.

Throughout the entire experience, T Mobile employees were heavily engaged in acting as team mentors by providing resources, connections, and project advice to our Changemakers.

Digital Empowerment Safe Teens Online: A global, youth led peer to peer initiative that educates teenagers on online privacy and safety, encouraging inclusivity, safe habits, and emotional well being.

Equity In Action MiSendero: MiSendero works to meaningfully integrate Latin American English learners into their school communities by facilitating mutual learning experiences for all students.

Thriving Planet Tobelli: Biodegradable food packaging that repurposes the cellulose found in tobacco to create a thin, safe material to help reduce waste.

T Mobile not only gave us the opportunity to meet experts but to meet people our age who are doing similar things.

We don’t get a lot of opportunities to meet people with similar passions and drive to make change.

One of our priorities is to support the many small and rural towns across America.

We believe in the potential of every community, and through T Mobile Hometown Grants, we can help bridge the digital gap and invest in communities that need it most.

This five year commitment to bring 5G to rural America is one of many ways we’re standing with these regions to create pathways for rural economic vitality now, and in the future.

As of December 2022, T Mobile has awarded more than 6.8 million through 150 Hometown Grants, helping communities in 41 states reinvigorate public spaces, jumpstart projects, expand access to technology, and more.

More specifically, these projects include renovations, restorations, and the creation of new playgrounds, parks, community art projects, walking trails, and new ADA compliant play structures and enhancements to buildings.

T Mobile’s Hometown Grant Program sparked a much larger conversation in our community about how we can reimagine our space to help create a more vibrant community.

We’ve seen how a one time investment by community partners like T Mobile can really have an incredible domino effect.

To help achieve all of this, we continued our partnership with two organizations that have extensive experience in building resilient and prosperous small towns and rural communities, Smart Growth America and Main Street America, to direct funds to the efforts that will make the most impact.

As the program entered its second year, we began measuring the overall impact of the program, understanding how each awarded community came together to realize its end goal.

To accomplish this, we began surveying local stakeholders to understand the broader project outcomes, and better measure community impact through metrics like total volunteer hours contributed, the number of jobs created, and the amount of matching funds towns gained as a result of T Mobile Hometown Grants funding.

Showing Our Impact: The 2021 Hometown Techover Winner Last year, T Mobile announced Woodstock, IL, as the winner of its Hometown Techover.

The prize was a 3 million tech makeover, including a 250,000 grant, 5G network enhancements, a Little League baseball field renovation, and 100 supercharged family tech prize packs (with 5G smartphones, home internet, and a year of free service).

The tech makeover wrapped up in August 2022 and was capped off with a free concert for the community.

Our city now has a massively enhanced 5G network, our Little League fields have free livestreaming through FamCam 5G, more than 3,000 of our students now have internet access and those are just a few examples.

We’re grateful for T Mobile’s generous contributions to our community and excited to continue watching our town grow and flourish as a result.

As a wireless company, our ambition is to keep people connected, even in the most extreme weather and disaster situations.

Connectivity is critical for first responders, local authorities, and impacted communities, especially in the immediate hours and days following a disaster.

We stay prepared year round for any scenario so we can provide critical network support and connectivity supplies when it matters most.

In 2022, we responded to several natural disasters across the country, including flooding in Kentucky, wildfires in California, Hurricane Fiona in Puerto Rico, Hurricane Ian in Florida, and provided public safety communication support after the mass shooting in Uvalde, Texas.

With our distributed model of warehouses across the country, T Mobile has vehicles and our emergency management fleet ready to reach almost every corner of the continental U.S. with supplies within 12 hours.

Our emergency preparedness capabilities include satellite enabled vehicles, mobile command centers, Community Support trucks, Wi Fi trailers and charging stations, Cells on Wheels (COWs) and Cells on Light Trucks (COLTs).

We also continued to improve Wi Fi coverage in certain areas so communities can regain reliable coverage, quickly, following a disaster.

Locating employees and understanding their situation following a disaster can often be difficult.

By leveraging our virtual command center in partnership with Everbridge, we’re able to quickly identify employees and building areas impacted by disasters and connect with them through a mass identification tool.

We’re not just a telecommunications company filling plans or providing home internet service.

This work shows that we are passionate about people, and we can have a real impact on these communities.

Wildfires can have devastating consequences, threatening lives and property.

And they’re a growing problem, burning nearly twice as much forested land today as they did just 20 years ago.

We partnered with Pano AI, a disaster preparedness technology solutions provider, and Portland General Electric to deploy 5G connected cameras that enable AI powered active wildfire detection near Portland, Oregon.

This new technology helps identify the first sign of wildfires, so emergency crews can respond quickly and effectively.

One remarkable example of how these efforts came together to support employees and communities during a disaster is when Hurricane Ian struck the southeast United States, resulting in a category 4 storm that left a trail of destruction.

Thanks to early warning systems and our partnership with StormGeo, we proactively closed stores to help ensure the safety of our employees and customers.

In addition to providing connectivity and supplies to impacted communities, we offered financial assistance to qualifying employees to support basic needs such as food, shelter, and clothes through T Mobile’s Individual Emergency Assistance program.

Team Magenta also showed up in August 2022 when the city of Jackson, Mississippi’s water system failed for the second year in a row leaving most of its 150,000 residents without running water.

Our teams quickly got to work coordinating the delivery of more than 24,000 water bottles as well as other supplies, including hand sanitizer, paper towels, and sanitizing wipes to the city of Jackson and students at Jackson State University.

We also made a monetary donation to the NAACP to meet additional needs in the area.

With T Mobile’s far reaching, high capacity 5G network, Pano AI can collect and analyze vast amounts of data in near real time to detect, confirm, and pinpoint new ignitions in the critical early minutes of a wildfire, enabling it to be contained before it endangers lives and property.

T Mobile’s 5G network is connecting Pano AI cameras in the Portland area today, and the companies plan to expand their collaboration to more areas across the country.

It’s important to our customers and to us that we provide superior connectivity while managing our environmental impact.

We’ve made bold moves, including sourcing 100% of our electricity from renewable sources, and committing to achieve net zero emissions across our entire carbon footprint by 2040 our most ambitious goal yet.

Our environmental commitments will take focus, resolve and more collaboration than ever before, but we’re ALL IN because its the right thing to do for our business, our customers, our employees and, most importantly, for our planet.

Our mission to be the best at connecting customers to their world is more important than ever as the world transitions to a net zero economy.

Customers rely on and value the connectivity that our industry provides, and that requires operations that span the country and contribute to our environmental footprint.

That’s why we’re proud to embark on our biggest environmental goal yet: to achieve net zero emissions across our entire carbon footprint by 2040.

A Science Based Approach to Net Zero We believe in taking a science based approach when setting our climate goals.

Our 2040 net zero goal is the first in U.S. wireless to be validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in accordance with their Net Zero Standard.

This means that our targets are aligned to a robust, global standard, designed to help limit global temperature rise to 1.5 C. As part of our net zero goal, we have two science based targets to guide our near term and long term emission reduction activities.

As part of this commitment,  Mobile aims to reduce absolute emissions  by 90% by 2040.

Our net zero goal is set apart by the scope of our commitment and our nearly exclusive focus on abatement or reducing emissions.

And, because the majority of our climate impact happens indirectly through our value chain, we’ve included our Scope 3 footprint in our goal.

The Climate Pledge was co founded by Amazon and Global Optimism in 2019 to establish a collective commitment to achieve net zero emissions ten years ahead of The Paris Agreement.

Organizations that sign on also agree to measure and report greenhouse gas emission on a regular basis.

The Climate Pledge We also know we can’t go it alone, which is why we recently signed on to The Climate Pledge, a cross sector community of companies and organizations working together to solve the challenges of cutting global carbon emissions for a sustainable future.

Achieving net zero emissions will be a tall order, but one we’re prepared to meet through transformation, collaboration, and innovation.

T Mobile is committed to making meaningful changes to how we operate and harness the power of our transformational 5G technology to enable our customers and suppliers to reduce their own carbon footprint.

This could power transformation in manufacturing, transportation, agriculture, smart cities, and more.

Scope 1: I ncludes direct emissions generated from T Mobile owned or controlled vehicles and facilities.

Scope 2: Includes indirect emissions generated from purchased electricity required to power all T Mobile owned or controlled facilities, as well as our nationwide 5G wireless network.

Scope 3: Includes emissions generated across the rest of T Mobile’s value chain, such as those from our customers using and powering their devices and from our suppliers who manufacture and ship the devices and products we sell.

Progress Reducing Our Carbon Footprint Since 2020, we have continued to reduce our overall carbon footprint year over year, resulting in a total 20% reduction across Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from 2020 to 2022.

Our reduction achievements are the result of improving energy efficiency across our operations, sourcing renewable energy equivalent to 100% of our total purchased electricity, and engaging with suppliers across our entire value chain to identify emissions hotspots.

While our renewable energy work has played a significant role in our reduction efforts so far, we are increasingly focusing our efforts on opportunities to engage our supply chain partners and reduce Scope 3 emissions given the immense potential these emissions have to reduce our overall carbon footprint.

For example, in 2022, we made improvements to run a more energy efficient logistics and distribution network and were able to remove more than 1,300 trucks and expedite vans from the road, representing Scope 3 emissions savings of 5,450 MT CO2e.

Additionally, through our EcoVadis supplier assessments, we are able to track the suppliers who have set science based emissions targets and engage with those who are still working to set them.

It’s this type of collaboration that will help us get closer to net zero emissions and create a more sustainable future for everyone.

Environmental Governance and Reporting To help drive sustainability across T Mobile, our Sustainability Steering Committee meets quarterly to discuss the topics most relevant to our progress.

T Mobile executives report regular ESG related updates to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Audit Committee as an additional means of oversight.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives briefings on key ESG topics, disclosures and reporting controls, emerging trends, and progress updates at least four times a year.

The Audit Committee receives enterprise risk updates, including climate related impacts, at least four times a year.

Additionally, we report on our progress annually through our Pathway to Net Zero report, CDP Climate Change, as well as disclosing environmental data through GRI and SASB indexes.

Please note that all figures are measured in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e).

Our energy management strategy helps us create a more sustainable, efficient, and resilient business.

Through the power of data and current technologies, we can optimize our energy use and drive reductions wherever possible.

For the energy we do use, we look to source it through a variety of renewable energy projects across America.

It’s all in an effort to continue to maintain our commitment to 100% renewable electricity.

Mobile currently has two energy goals that guide our energy efficiency and renewable energy efforts.

Achieve a 95% reduction in energy consumption (MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic by 2030, from a 2019 baseline.

Source renewable energy equivalent to 100% of total electricity usage by 2021.

We achieved a 38% reduction in energy consumption (MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic on our network from 2019 levels, using 252 MWh per PB in 2022.

We achieved our 100% renewable electricity goal in 2021 and continued to maintain that commitment in 2022.

While our absolute energy consumption increased in 2022, it was outpaced by the large increase of data traffic on our network, indicating that our network became more efficient as more customers connected to stream songs, watch videos, and surf the web.

Contributing to this efficiency work is our focus on energy conservation across our network as we continued to undertake strategic cell site decommissioning.

In 2022, this resulted in estimated annual savings of approximately 870,000 MWh.

Making Our Buildings Smarter At T Mobile, our Corporate Real Estate and Facilities team works to elevate the employee experience through first class amenities and facilities, while incorporating sustainability principles to reduce energy consumption, waste, and minimize our carbon footprint.

For example, through renovations at several of our of our corporate offices and Customer Experience Centers, we’ve created greener buildings by switching to LED and motion activated lights, as well as touchless faucets in bathrooms.

The impact of LED lighting upgrades has been immediate and significant, with estimated annual energy savings of approximately 3.1 million kWh for projects implemented in 2022, or the equivalent of charging 267 million smartphones for 24 hours.

Investing in more sustainable energy efficiency measures is a big part of how we can reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

In 2022, the vast majority of our energy consumption and corresponding Scope 1 and 2 emissions came from powering our nationwide network.

As a result, network related efficiencies have a big impact on our overall footprint.

In 2022, one of our office buildings at our Bellevue Headquarters achieved LEED Silver certification, a globally recognized symbol of sustainability achievement.

To optimize energy usage across our footprint of retail stores, we continued to install smart thermostats and lighting controls as part of our Energy Management System (EMS) rollout at locations where we control the HVAC units.

We expect to save even more energy through additional EMS installs in our retail stores over the following year.

Additionally, as more people are returning to office spaces, we’ve focused on our commute programs, aiming to help reduce the number of drive alone vehicles on the road and encourage electric vehicle (EV) ownership where possible.

We added 14 EV stations to our corporate offices in Bellevue and Overland Park in 2022 more than twice the amount installed in 2021 which opens up the possibility of practical EV ownership and usage for employees.

At the end of 2022, we had a total of 96 EV chargers available to T Mobile employees at facilities around the country.

Not everything we’re doing is as tangibly noticeable.

Some of the most important work we’re doing focuses on making building infrastructure more energy efficient.

For example, in 2022 we continued to implement power monitoring solutions at network switch sites to better understand and optimize their energy consumption.

We also improved hot and cold aisle containment at data centers to reduce cost and emissions.

Vehicles are vital not only for employee transportation, but for our customers as well.

We’ve partnered with autonomous vehicle startup Halo to begin testing driverless, app based EVs in the Las Vegas area using our 5G network.

We hope this effort will someday soon decongest roads around the city and provide more efficient ways for Las Vegas residents and customers alike to get from point A to point B and back.

Innovating for Resilience Investing in renewable energy at scale helps us diversify our energy portfolio, reduce the potential of price fluctuations in the future, and of promote the adoption of more sustainable energy sources.

At the end of 2022, our renewable energy portfolio included eight large wind and solar farm projects through Virtual Power Purchase Agreements (VPPAs) across the country and Puget Sound Energy’s Green Direct program.

Supporting these projects enables us to use our electricity purchasing power for good, bolstering their financial viability and sending clean energy to local utility grids.

We also had 24 shorter term Retail Renewable Agreements and 77 community solar projects with the remaining portion of our portfolio matched with unbundled Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs).

In 2022, we signed our first on site solar renewable deal and have two other similar on site projects that will become operational in the coming years.

For more details on T Mobile’s Renewable Energy  portfolio, see our Pathway to Net Zero report.

Our energy reduction and efficiency measures complement our commitment to source 100% of our purchased electricity from renewable sources, like wind and solar.

We hit this industry leading target at the end of 2021 and grew our renewable portfolio alongside our network energy consumption to maintain our 100% commitment in 2022.

Our sustainable energy management efforts also serve to help us reduce our Scope 2 emissions as we work towards our net zero goal.

Continuing to evolve how we think about and use energy requires innovation and a willingness to take smart risks.

Throughout 2022 we experimented with solar and wind powered solutions for primary and back up power at select network sites.

These pilots help us evaluate the viability of different models to replace fossil fuel back up systems and move towards more off grid facilities in the future.

While we are still analyzing the outcomes of these pilots, we remain committed to challenging ourselves to find new and innovative ways to power our network using more sustainable solutions.

Community solar projects help accelerate the transition to clean energy at regional and local levels by assisting communities modernizing their electricity grids and reducing reliance on power generated by fossil fuels.

This lowers the carbon intensity of our nation’s electricity infrastructure as a whole.

When companies like ours invest in projects in community solar projects across America, we are able to be a reliable, long term partner for these communities, helping them negotiate fair contracts and more effective partnerships, as they navigate this rapidly evolving space.

As with other projects and agreements in our portfolio, T Mobile also benefits by receiving renewable energy credits (RECs) that reduce our electricity costs and contribute towards meeting our annual 100% renewable electricity target.

While we’ve been investing in community solar projects for some time, this last year we more than doubled the number of projects we committed to, increasing our portfolio from 37 projects in 2021 to 77 projects across nine states by the end of 2022.

Community solar projects deliver a triple win, benefitting the environment, businesses, and local residents.

Find out how to sign up in your area and what you can potentially save here.

By participating in our Community Solar Gardens, T Mobile is supporting clean energy solutions at a local level.

This brings more renewable energy to the entire community, while advancing state and industry environmental goals.

As we move forward, energy efficiency will be critical to reaching our net zero goal.

We used the past year as a testing ground for ideas, products, and processes that will help reduce our energy consumption even as our company continues to grow and we’re pushing ahead to understand where we can implement more renewable energy solutions.

We know that broader macroeconomic conditions could slow renewable energy development efforts, but in the upcoming year we’ll continue to invest in innovative, scalable, and impactful solutions to harness renewable energy for the benefit of our business and the planet.

How we handle our waste has a direct impact on the environment and represents an opportunity for collective action to create transformational change.

At T Mobile, we’re consistently looking at ways to effectively reduce the waste we generate and responsibly dispose of the rest, while also providing opportunities for our customers and employees to do the same.

Our Approach We are committed to diverting as much of our waste from landfills as possible through recycling, composting, avoidance, and digitization.

An important part of these efforts is educating employees on what recycling and disposal options are available to them across our facilities.

Our Facilities Every corporate retail store across the country has a collection center that provides employees with an easy way to appropriately dispose of everything from batteries and bulbs to aerosol cans and small electronics.

Our Corporate Real Estate Facilities team worked with local municipalities and vendors to secure recycling services at approximately 75% and composting at over 20% of our corporate offices, all of which, is largely determined by local municipal infrastructure Additionally, in 2022, we replaced the need for almost 700,000 plastic water bottles by installing Bevi Machines or drinking fountains with bottle fillers.

To help employees recognize and take advantage of all the services available to them at our corporate office locations, our Magenta Experience team is an important link in making the employee experience better in the workplace, serving as an educational resource about all of the sustainable programs we offer in our offices.

In 2022, efforts like these allowed us to divert over 45,000 metric tons of waste from disposal.

Building Better Events Our event activations are a primary point of interaction for us with our employees and customers, so it’s important that we set the right example.

In partnership with an external event sustainability group, our Corporate Events team audited the impact and footprint of our attendance at one of the industry’s largest flagship events, MWC Americas 2022.

This audit helped us make more sustainable decisions where we could, such as sourcing all of our furniture needs through rental or reuse, saving over 30 metric tons of CO2e from landfill related emissions.

Going forward, we’re focusing on using more reusable serviceware, reducing the amount of meat we serve in food offerings, minimizing what we give away at our booths, and communicating our event sustainability initiatives to attendees.

Construction can be a big driver of waste, which is why during our recent remodel of several spaces across our Bellevue headquarters, we looked for opportunities to reuse and recycle materials and furniture while keeping with our goal to improve the employee experience in those workspaces.

Through our efforts we were able to divert the vast majority of materials from landfill.

From 2020 2022, we recycled over 1,700 metric tons of demolition and construction materials.

Additionally, as buildings were remodeled, much of the existing furniture was able to be stored and reused in other buildings.

The overall carbon savings associated with diverting this furniture from landfill is approximately 1,400 metric tons.

Our Network As a telecommunications company, responsibly managing electronic waste, or e waste, across our network is a priority.

Every piece of equipment that keeps us connected contains precious metals, glass, or other raw materials, which is why we aim to recover electronic equipment and products by repairing and redeploying them whenever possible.

Last year, we strategically decommissioned thousands of redundant cell sites and upgraded thousands more with newer technologies.

This offered an opportunity to assess large amounts of network equipment to see what could be repaired and reused elsewhere across our business to reduce our costs and environmental impact.

While our network e waste doubled in 2022 compared to the prior year, we responsibly managed all of it through our repair, reuse, and recycling programs and only worked with R2 certified (a leading electronics recycling standard) partners.

In 2022, we repaired 7% of materials for reuse across our business, recycled 74% and resold 19% to vendors for reuse.

In 2022, we successfully completed our Sprint customer migration and decommissioned nearly all of the Sprint network sites.

We were able to apply holistic thinking around our network equipment with the goal of preventing as much e waste as possible.

Collaboration to Reduce Waste To help make changes at scale, we are committed to working in partnership with initiatives like Global Enabling Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) and the Global System for Mobile Communications Association (GSMA) to help shape circular economy strategies for the whole industry and make meaningful change together.

Looking forward, we’ll continue to prioritize ways to engage our employees and increase their awareness of how they can embed sustainable behaviors while in the office.

We’ll also continue to expand our responsible waste management programs to new localities where services like recycling and composting are supported.

Additionally, network equipment will continue to be an important consideration for our waste management efforts as new technologies come to market.

We’re always looking for opportunities to extend the life cycle of the devices that keep us all connected by embedding sustainability at every stage of the product life cycle.

From design and packaging to distribution and end of use, we strive to reduce waste and improve the longevity of device products and materials.

Design and Manufacturing Our design team works closely with our suppliers to create products that can achieve UL ECOLOGO and EPEAT sustainability certification.

Certification of sustainable material use, energy consumption, repairability, end of life management, packaging, and more contribute to furthering the sustainability of our company and industry.

In 2022, our UL ECOLOGO certification requirements expanded beyond handsets to include tablets, wearables, and other devices, helping us educate consumers about making more sustainable purchases.

Infusing sustainability principles in product design can lengthen the life of a product and reduce waste.

We work to proactively reduce waste and improve recyclability through the packaging process.

We partner with vendors across our supply chain to reduce the carbon footprint associated with distribution.

Recycling and reusing electronic devices helps preserve resource intensive materials and precious metals.

Scope 3 emissions saved by removing more than 1,300 trucks and expedite vans from the road.

Overall, approximately 94% of all wireless handset models we offered in 2022 were certified through ECOLOGO or EPEAT, while 75% of all tablet models we offered were certified.

Laying the foundation to require eSIM cards with some of our OEMs was another important achievement.

Benefits to using an eSIM card include reducing plastics manufacturing, packaging materials, and shipping.

In our own operations, we made changes to our GoTo accessories packaging, including integrating recycled cardboard hang tags in place of plastic.

Additionally, over half of our mobile devices sold in 2022 including phones, tablets, wearables and hotspots did not include a wall adapter for charging, reducing the size of the overall product packages.

Smaller packaging means fewer planes and trucks (and less fuel) to get products to customers.

Distribution Moving our products from the point of manufacturing to the hands of customers puts a demand on a variety of resources.

That’s why we work closely with partners across our supply chain to determine where we can drive efficiencies and reduce our environmental footprint through everything from transporting products to utilizing digital product alternatives, like eSIMs.

End of life When our customers are done with their devices, we provide exchange and options.

Our Device Reuse and Recycling Program collects smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, hotspots, or IoT items at our stores to be upcycled or recycled for free.

Recognizing that excess inventory in our supply chain has the potential to create waste, we launched our Accessories Recycling program which focuses on responsible end of life product management.

Through our partnerships, excess inventory and customer returns are first sorted and processed to identify any accessories such as cases and screen protectors that cannot be resold or reused.

Any hard to recycle plastic is then transformed into reusable raw materials, which are passed on to manufacturers who can use them to create completely new products.

For example, old phone cases can live on as part of a jungle gym or a park bench in a children’s playground.

For device trade ins, we provide a trade in estimator tool that gives customers an immediate offer on eligible devices.

Any device that can’t be repaired for reuse is recycled with partners that are certified to the R2 standard.

With millions of devices returned to us each year, we’re working with our partners to leverage advanced technology to continue to scale and improve our process.

Robotic solutions allow our partners to rapidly perform an automated machine based evaluation of cosmetic quality and functionality to determine whether a device can be reused or recycled.

This innovative use of AI improves the efficiency of the program and keeps devices in circulation for longer.

We’re continuing to expand our sustainability certifications to cover more products, and we intend to move toward fully recyclable packaging and less single use plastics in our GoTo accessories packaging.

We’re also working to highlight more sustainable product and disposal options to our customers to enable more sustainable choices.

U nusable excess cases, screen protectors and tech accessories.

Resources are not limitless and we strive to preserve them and have a positive impact wherever we can.

We have two important policies that guide our work in responsibly managing natural resources and outlining our expectations of partners.

Our Environmental Policy, lays out our commitments to doing our part to protect the planet we all share and how we work to responsibly manage natural resources within our operations.

We also detail supplier expectations in our Responsible Sourcing Policy, including around paper sourcing, plastic sourcing, and water protection, all critical to preserving resources and promoting biodiversity.

To monitor our Tier 1 suppliers’ performance, we use EcoVadis’ sustainability scorecard to help us better evaluate how these suppliers use water, wood, minerals, and other resources.

Earth Day is an opportunity to remind ourselves that we all play a role in taking care of our planet and being responsible stewards of earth’s limited resources.

For Earth Day 2022, we continued to partner with The Nature Conservancy to mobilize our resources to bolster conservation efforts.

We also observed Earth day by offsetting the emissions from customers’ wireless device usage for 24 hours.

As part of the Science Based Target Network (SBTN) Corporate Engagement Program, we collaborate with other organizations on developing methods and tools to set science based targets for nature.

All of this work is important as natural resource management has a direct connection to protecting natural environments, promoting biodiversity, and improving human health.

Our Highlights from 2022 Include: Piloting lawn irrigation improvements at our Frisco, TX office to reduce water consumption in a location susceptible to water stress.

Continuing to promote paperless billing as an option for our customers.

Implementing sustainable packaging improvements for our in house GoTo accessories line (see Product Life Cycle Management section).

Using Green Seal certified cleaning products in our retail operations, which are better for the environment and our employees.

It’s critical that we protect and conserve our planet’s natural resources now so that future generations can thrive.

Looking forward, we’re placing increased focus on our company’s holistic environmental footprint and identifying where we can have an even greater positive impact.

We’ll also continue exploring the viability of pilots related to water consumption reduction.

Lastly, since the materials we source from our supply chain drive a majority of our natural resource usage, it is particularly important to support our supply chain partner’s efforts in responsible sourcing of materials.

Transparent and honest communication, backed by credible data, is what we’re about.

This report covers the domestic operations and activities of T Mobile US, Inc. for the calendar year 2022 (January 1 to December 31), unless otherwise stated.

It has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

It is also aligned to the disclosure requirements of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for our industry.

Information integrity T Mobile management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the information reported for calendar year 2022.

Through a system of internal controls, including a comprehensive verification process involving internal subject matter experts, we believe this information accurately represents our domestic responsibility activities and performance results for the calendar year.

We continued to improve our data collection process by utilizing a centralized ESG collection system which allows the internal subject matter experts to collaborate, collect data, and streamline our extensive review and approval process.

Reasonable assurance over specified GHG and energy metrics was provided by Apex Companies, LLC.

This report contains certain forward looking statements based on T Mobile management’s current assumptions and expectations, including statements regarding our ESG targets, goals, commitments and programs and other business plans, initiatives and objectives.

These statements are typically accompanied by the words aim, hope, believe, estimate, plan, aspire or similar words.

All such statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Our actual future results, including the achievement of our targets, goals or commitments, could differ materially from our projected results as the result of changes in circumstances, assumptions not being realized, or other risks, uncertainties, and factors.

Such risks, uncertainties, and factors include the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10 Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), as well as, with respect to our ESG targets, goals and commitments outlined in this reporting or elsewhere, the challenges, assumptions and elsewhere.

We urge you to consider all of the risks, uncertainties, and factors identified above or discussed in such reports carefully in evaluating the forward looking statements in this report.

T Mobile cannot assure you that the results reflected or implied by any forward looking statement will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that those results will have the forecasted or expected consequences and effects.

The forward looking statements in our reporting are made as of the date in which this report is published and we undertake no obligation to update these forward looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

All data in this section represents information as of December 31 for each year noted.

Managing risks and creating systems of prevention and recovery to deal with potential threats to a company, i.e.

Structures in charge of managing, overseeing, and directing a company and integrating ESG across the business.

Ensuring the workers across the value chain work in safe conditions where their safety, health, and mental wellbeing are prioritized.

Protecting and conserving natural resources, such as water, trees, wildlife, and land.

Equal access and opportunity to connectivity, including affordability of services, accessibility no matter ability, income or location, and digital education to bridge digital literacy divides.

Providing a secured network for a safe and secure online experience, including the protection of personal information and consumer data.

Attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent through education, learning, training, and fair recruitment and compensation practices.

The fair, transparent, and moral code of conduct to the strategic and operational management of a business.

Making a positive contribution to national and local economies.

For instance, through jobs created, taxes paid, economic value added.

Diversity of our workforce and equal opportunity for employees of different backgrounds.

Using energy more efficiently and opting for renewable energy sources where possible.

Taking clear action to reduce our impact on the climate and reducing emissions, like carbon, generated from business activities.

Developing innovative technologies that promote long term sustainability.

A commitment to respect and promote human rights and social principles in every place a company operates, including its business partners and supply chain.

Protecting and committing to open internet access where all data is treated equally with respect to content, application, and service.

Supporting, developing, and enhancing the wellbeing and livelihoods of communities.

Minimizing environmental and social impacts during the product lifecycle (i.e.

Promoting and advancing sustainability across the telecom industry through advocacy, participation in industry associations, external partnerships, and cross industry collaboration.

The responsible and transparent communication, promotion and or selling of products to consumers.

Ensuring customers are using products and services responsibly and that their digital well being is protected.

Transparent supply chain management and responsible supplier engagement that protects environmental, social, and governance (ESG) values.

Reducing the amount of waste generated across operations and responsibly disposing and recycling all waste streams.

These definitions are used in our third party materiality assessment, which is intended to identify and prioritize ESG issues relevant to our business.

Please refer to the materiality matrix for more information.

The table below includes our responses to relevant GRI disclosures, including select material topics identified in collaboration with stakeholders as part of our materiality assessment.

Nature of ownership and legal form: T Mobile common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol TMUS.

Location of headquarters: Bellevue, WA and Overland Park, KS.

Countries of operation: T Mobile 2022 Form 10 K Part I.

T Mobile US, Inc. is referred to as T Mobile , we , or our throughout the Index and Corporate Responsibility Report.

The entities included in sustainability ESG reporting align with those included in our annual 10 K and quarterly financial reports.

For more information, please visit our financial reporting pages.

Reporting Period: January 1 December 31, 2022 unless otherwise stated, which is aligned to our financial reporting.

Frequency: T Mobile issues its Corporate Responsibility report on an annual basis.

There are no restatements made from previous reporting periods.

Third party reasonable (Scope 1 and Scope 2) and limited (Scope 3) assurance was provided for T Mobile’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use data for calendar year 2022.

See T Mobile’s Assurance Statement on our ESG Reporting Hub for more information.

Our Procurement and Supply organization spends billions of dollars on products, goods, and services annually, procuring everything our company needs to run our business, from hardware and network equipment to software, spectrum assets, and transportation.

Engaging with small, medium, and large suppliers across the globe, we work to provide access and opportunities for all our suppliers and grow a robust supply chain that reflects our diversity and values.

We are a company committed to conducting our business in a socially, environmentally, and economically responsible manner.

This commitment extends to our supply chain partners and the goods and services they provide.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct and Responsible Sourcing Policy outline the policies and guidelines that govern our supply chain partnerships, and sustainability performance is a contributing factor to how we award contracts.

In 2020, we began working with EcoVadis to better evaluate our supply chain across four key areas: environmental, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

At the end of 2022, we received assessments from suppliers representing approximately 48% of our sourceable spend.

For more information on emissions reporting across our supply chain, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

T Mobile is not able to provide this data, as it is proprietary and confidential.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and Audit Committee Charter on our website.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and Audit Committee Charter on our website.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee provides oversight of the company’s environmental, social, and governance initiatives, progress, and reporting.

See our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, Code of Business Conduct, and our Supplier Code of Conduct on our website.

For additional information see T Mobile’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Audit Committee Charter, Code of Business Conduct (page 6), Speak Up Policy, and Supplier Code of Conduct.

T Mobile provides orientation to our directors to give them familiarity with the company’s business, industry, and corporate governance practices and policies.

Additionally, we make available to the directors continuing education programs that enable them to update and gain new skills in areas including important ESG topics, such as cybersecurity, and the evolving regulatory landscape.

For additional information, see our Code of Business Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct.

For additional information, see our Code of Business Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct.

For additional information, see our Code of Business Conduct, Speak Up Policy, and Supplier Code of Conduct.

For additional information, see our Integrity Line website, Speak Up Policy, and Code of Business Conduct.

For more information, see the Litigation and Regulatory Matters section starting on page 109 of the 2022 T Mobile SEC Form 10 K and the Litigation and Regulatory Matters section of the 2022 Annual Report.

T Mobile is committed to recognizing employees’ rights to organize, or to refrain from organizing.

We abide by both the letter and the spirit of the U.S. National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), under which employees have the right to decide whether to support or not support a union.

We train our supervisors on the NLRA, which stipulates the respect for union rights.

Total fuel consumption within the organization from non renewable sources: 814,257 GJ Fleet diesel: 5,132 GJ Fleet gasoline: 395,120 GJ Other fleet fuel: 20,290 GJ Stationary diesel: 183,161 GJ Propane: 18,223 GJ Natural gas: 192,331 GJ Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources: 0 GJ.

In joules, watt hours or multiples, the total:  Heating consumption: 0 MWh Cooling consumption: 0 MWh Steam consumption: 0 MWh In joules, watt hours or multiples, the total: Electricity sold: 0 MWh Heating sold: 0 MWh Cooling sold: 0 MWh Steam sold: 0 MWh.

Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples: 30,881,596 GJ: Total fuel consumption: 814,256 GJ Electricity: 30,067,340 GJ Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used:.

Energy consumption data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All energy consumption data is verified annually by an independent third party to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) standard.

All energy consumption that is designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control is included.

Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

Estimation methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available.

Publicly available conversion factors from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (gallons or mmBTU) to MWh.

Standard and recognizable conversion factors are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x 3.600).

Conversions: U.S. EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership: Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories , (2020) IPCC: 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories , (2006) For more information, please refer to our latest CDP Climate Change Questionnaire and our third party Assurance Statement on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Downstream customer energy consumption data is estimated based on device specific LCA data and in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard.

Standard and recognizable conversion factors are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x 3.600).

Organization specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio: Total petabytes (PB) of network traffic for calendar year 2022.

Types of energy included in the intensity ratio whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all: All energy in MWh.

Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both: Within the organization.

For more information, please refer to our latest CDP Climate Change Questionnaire on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The energy consumption in the year prior to the implementation of the conservation and efficiency initiatives is used as the baseline.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Energy reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the most recent CDP Climate Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3).

For more information, please refer to our latest CDP Climate Change Questionnaire on our ESG Reporting Hub.

For direct operations, T Mobile uses domestic water in data centers, call centers, offices, stores, switches, warehouses.

Some network sites are required to maintain lawn irrigation in the premises.

Water withdrawal and discharge occurs through the different municipal systems in the United States.

We are collaborating with industry groups to identify any commodities, materials, components, products, services, and activities in our value chain that impact water quality and supply, and conduct due diligence on the source, supply chain, and geographic locations to take necessary action based in the latest science.

As outlined by our Responsible Sourcing Policy, we understand that rising water consumption, climate change, and water pollution are increasing stresses on global water quality and supply.

Companies are expected to identify any commodities, materials, components, products, services, and activities that impact water quality and supply and conduct due diligence on the source, supply chain, and geographic locations.

In addition, companies shall understand how they impact and depend on water and take the necessary action for sustainable water use.

Suppliers are encouraged to look to the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN), Alliance for Water Stewardship, and CEO Water Mandate for guidance.

As part of the Science Based Target Network (SBTN) Corporate Engagement Program, we collaborate with other organizations on developing methods and tools to set science based targets for nature, including water use targets.

We are following the steps of 1) assessing impacts, 2) interpretation of data and prioritization of locations, 3) baseline and data collection, target setting, and disclosure, 4) action to meet targets, and 5) monitoring, verifying, and reporting progress over time.

Water discharge occurs through the different municipal systems in the United States.

We follow all local municipal waste water treatment protocols for domestic water discharge from our facilities.

In 2022, T Mobile used 862,142 cubic meters (m3) or 862.142 megaliters (ML) of water.

This includes the municipal water withdrawal that we are directly billed for in our buildings (call centers, offices, retail stores, switches, warehouses), and some network sites with irrigation.

Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 97,080 MT CO2e Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 0 MT CO2e Base year for the calculation: 2020 The rationale for choosing it: 2020 is the year of the T Mobile and Sprint merger and is the base year of the combined company’s Science Based Targets.

Emissions in the base year: 53,180 MT CO2e The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions: No recalculations have occurred.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (gallons, mmBTU, or MWh) to MT CO2e.

Emission factors: U.S. EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership: Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories , (2022) 100 year Global Warming Potential values IPCC: Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) , (2014) Consolidation approach for emissions: Operational control.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Scope 1 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All Scope 1 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

All Scope 1 emissions from sources designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control are included.

All data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

For more information, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Gross location based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 2,971,861 MT CO2e Gross market based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 0 MT CO2e Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O Base year for the calculation: 2020 The rationale for choosing it: 2020 is the year of the T Mobile and Sprint merger and is the base year of the combined company’s Science Based Targets.

Emissions in the base year: Location Based: 2,755,796 MT CO2e, Market Based: 1,858,206 MT CO2e The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions: No recalculations have occurred.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (MWh) to MT CO2e.

Emission factors: U.S. EPA: Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) Summary Tables 2020 , (2022) 100 year Global Warming Potential values: IPCC: Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) , (2014) Consolidation approach for emissions: Operational control.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Scope 2 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All Scope 2 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

All Scope 2 emissions from sources designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control are included.

Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

Estimation methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available.

For more information, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 7,168,946 MT CO2e Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 0 MT CO2e Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation: Purchased goods and services Capital goods Fuel and energy related activities Upstream transportation and distribution Waste generated in operations Business travel Employee commuting Downstream transportation and distribution Use of sold products End of life treatment of sold products Base year for the calculation: 2020 The rationale for choosing it: 2020 is the year of the T Mobile and Sprint merger and is the base year of the combined company’s Science Based Targets.

Emissions in the base year: 7,033,821 MT CO2e The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions: No recalculations have occurred.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: A mix of publicly available and internal emission factors are used to convert from the various native units of measure to MT CO2e.

Supplier specific emission factors are collected on a unit volume and revenue basis and are used whenever possible.

Emission Factors: U.S. EPA: Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) Summary Tables 2020 , (2022) Ecoinvent: Version 3 , (2013 2020).

CDP Supply Chain: Supplier specific emission factors, (2021).

Apple: Product Environmental Report Various Models, (2018 2022).

Green Design Institute: US 2002 Benchmark Model purchaser price , (2010).

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Scope 3 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All Scope 3 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

Most Scope 3 data is historical in nature and based and based on primary data or expenditure data.

Estimation methodologies based on internal studies and data are used for some Scope 3 calculations where primary data is not available.

For more information, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio: Scope 1, Scope 2 (market based), Scope 3 Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH , N O, HFCs For more information, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 1,106,327 MT CO2e Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The GHG emissions in the year prior to the implementation of the reduction initiatives is used as the baseline.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: GHG emissions reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and the most recent CDP Climate Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3).

For more information, please refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our ESG Reporting Hub.

T Mobile manages its operational waste in an environmentally responsible manner, including MSW, regulated waste, shred paper, and electronic waste.

We manage impacts related to waste generated in our own activities.

Please see our Environmental Policy for additional information.

Universal Regulated Waste: T Mobile works with a single national vendor to provide universal regulated waste collection across the company.

This includes collection for dry cell batteries, bulbs, ballasts, aerosol cans, and some small electronics.

All corporate owned retail stores have regulated waste collection centers on site to ensure accessible collection.

Employees and contractors at other locations can also request vendor universal regulated waste collection supplies from a T Mobile internal web portal.

Document Shredding: T Mobile provides secure document shredding at retail and commercial real estate offices.

For employees at our Overland Park, Kansas offices, shred paper collection events are held monthly at no charge to employees.

E waste: T Mobile works to responsibly manage electronic waste across our operations, which includes IT and network equipment.

We also provide opportunities for customers to responsibly dispose of their devices.

Our device recycling and reuse program aims to recover devices, such as phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots and IoT items.

Municipal Solid Waste: Trash and recycling services are provided at our buildings according to local regulations and guidelines outlined by building owners.

Hazardous waste: T Mobile works with select vendors to responsibly manage hazardous waste and dispose of it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

T Mobile works with a third party waste diversion consultant to optimize recycling best practices.

In addition, the third party waste diversion consultant audits service provided by our two national haulers to right size those services and validate they match the contracted agreement.

We receive waste reports from select vendors, including national haulers and recyclers for select waste streams.

Total waste generated: 57,651.1 metric tons (MT) Municipal Solid Waste: 12,607.1 Hazardous and Non hazardous Waste: 8.8 Compost: 4.3 Mixed Recyclables and Regulated Waste: 9,153.8 Paper Shred: 2,614.4 IT Equipment: 615.7 Network Equipment: 32,643.3 Handsets and Tablets: 3.7.

Total waste diverted from disposal: 45,031.0 metric tons (MT) Mixed recyclables and regulated waste: 9,153.8 Paper shred to be recycled: 2,614.4 IT equipment to be recycled or resold: 615.7 Network equipment to be recycled, resold or repaired: 32,643.3 Handsets and tablets to be recycled or resold: 3.7.

Total waste directed to disposal: 12,615.9 metric tons (MT) Municipal Solid Waste: 12,607.1 Hazardous and Non hazardous Waste: 8.8 T Mobile generated approximately 12,615.9 metric tons of non diverted waste, largely consisting of municipal solid waste and a limited amount (approximately 0.1%) of non hazardous and hazardous waste responsibly managed by approved vendors in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

T Mobile’s Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policies and Standards apply to all T Mobile operations and subsidiaries.

At T Mobile, we work hard to reduce workplace hazards, comply with all applicable environmental, health, and safety regulations, and implement sustainable business practices.

Underpinning our commitment to maintain a safe and healthy workplace and to minimize the impact of business operations on the environment, is our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Program.

Our EHS Program includes current EHS Policies and Standards within a Company EHS Management System that apply to all T Mobile operations and subsidiaries.

T Mobile’s EHS Management System is a set of interrelated programs and policies designed to implement, operate, monitor, and improve standards and processes that ensure ongoing compliance and to reduce workplace hazards and environmental impacts.

T Mobile’s EHS Management System is aligned to International Standard Organization (ISO) 14001 (Environmental Management Systems) and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems).

The EHS team is comprised of experienced professionals who develop, coordinate implementation, monitor, review, and maintain EHS programs to reduce workplace hazards and environmental impacts.

The EHS team is overseen by executive leadership and works closely with business units and supervisors across the company to ensure integration of EHS requirements and ongoing reporting of EHS activities.

T Mobile’s EHS program outlines hazard prevention requirements and controls, emergency response plans, medical assistance protocols, awareness and training requirements, and the process for incident reporting and investigations.

All EHS related incidents must be reported via an appropriate mechanism (e.g., the EHS email box, EHS Helpline, or the incident management system) according to the Code of Business Conduct.

For more information, please contact safety t mobile.com.

All unsafe conditions are to be immediately reported to management.

Employees can phone concerns to the 24 7 EHS Helpline at 877 604 7233 or email them to safety t mobile.com.

Work related incidents are filed in the Aurora incident reporting system with immediate distribution to EHS, Risk Management Insurance, and Site Safety.

Upon receipt of facts, an incident investigation is commenced.

The EHS team partners with line of business leadership to manage EHS risk across the enterprise and to ensure implementation of applicable EHS Enterprise Programs.

This includes program development, change management, regulatory updates, site assessments, training, incident investigation, metric development and reporting, and interfacing with regulators.

The EHS team identifies gaps and implements programs needed to ensure ongoing compliance and continuous improvement of the EHS Management System.

The EHS team also works with Safety Lead Employees, who are responsible for the implementation and management of EHS Enterprise Programs that apply to their lines of business, and Site Leads, who manage EHS processes and procedures at their sites, implement EHS Enterprise Programs, communicate EHS program information, and review EHS issues with the local Safety Committee.

Supervisors are responsible for EHS program adherence for their area of authority.

T Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for companywide access to EHS program documents.

T Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for companywide access to EHS program documents.

All T Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures.

In addition, T Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job specific EHS practices as appropriate.

In addition, safety committees are formed for any non retail facility with more than ten employees in order to provide a forum to regularly discuss and address local workplace hazards, reduce workplace EHS risks, and promote health and safety awareness.

For facilities with ten or less employees, the senior manager at the facility includes EHS issues as a recurring topic during staff meetings.

All T Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures.

In addition, T Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job specific EHS practices as appropriate, which includes: New job assignment EHS training EHS training for whenever new substances, processes, procedures, or equipment are introduced to the workplace and present a new hazard EHS training for whenever the facility is made aware of a new or previously unrecognized hazard Manager led instruction for employees under their direction that includes the safety and health hazards to which they may be exposed First aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), and bloodborne pathogen certification training for all telecommunications field workers and Other training as required to ensure that the health and welfare of employees (e.g., ladder training, fire extinguisher, etc.

T Mobile has a well defined Vendor Safety Program, which works to ensure more than 1,000 key vendors have the proper health and safety programs in place to prevent workplace incidents while doing work on behalf of T Mobile.

All such programs must be uploaded into a third party database, and key safety metrics from the past three years are entered, and then reviewed by the EHS team.

If vendors do not meet T Mobile’s criteria, they are not authorized to do work on T Mobile’s behalf.

T Mobile has an occupational safety and health management system that covers all employees in the company.

Additionally, T Mobile’s Bellevue Headquarters is certified to the ISO 45001 2018 Standard, which can be found on our ESG Reporting Hub.

For all workers who are not employees but whose work and or workplace is controlled by the organization: Such figures for non T Mobile employees are not tracked as T Mobile is not a controlling entity for onsite safety.

In addition, T Mobile employees are not authorized for high risk high consequence tasks.

All such tasks (such as tower climbing, high voltage electrical work) would be completed by a qualified third party entity that is evaluated holistically by T Mobile’s Contractor Safety Program.

Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked: 200,000 hours worked.

Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded: No exclusions of T Mobile employees.

Employees participated in over 5.8 million hours of training.

This number includes only those trackable training hours completed in a formal Learning Management System by all T Mobile full and part time employees.

Learning Development Highlights: We provided 17.3 million in tuition assistance for 5,197 employees Employees participated in over 5.8 million hours of training 17K employees took part in our 2022 Day of Learning Our 2022 CareerFest event, a chance to explore career opportunities around T Mobile, has reached more than 3,400 employees The 2022 Apprenticeship program had a 100% conversion rate for those who completed the program At T Mobile, our people come first, and we won’t stop helping employees achieve their goals.

We have a robust lineup of development programs and resources designed to build a diverse group of leaders and empower employees for career success.

We are on a mission to deliver learning and create connections across the enterprise for ALL employees to continually evolve their skills and careers so we can achieve something bigger and better together And it’s all easily accessible on our Magenta University site which is our one stop shop for all things career development and learning.

Magenta University helps employees evolve their skills and career, advance leadership expertise, and deepen commitments to DE I.

Includes only trackable training hours completed in our formal learning management system.

AMP, or Accelerate My Performance, is the Un carrier approach to performance management.

Both employees and managers can initiate AMP conversations, or SYNCs, anytime and should work together to create clarity and focus for performance and development throughout the year.

We recommend that ALL permanent employees and managers have at least 4 SYNCs each year to discuss goals, expectations, development, and investment and document those conversations.

In addition, ALL People Managers were asked to go through our Talent Review process in 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, our 14 member Board included: 4 women (28.6%) 6 people who belong to a traditionally underrepresented racial ethnic group (42.9%) Percent between 30 50 years old: 7.1% Percent above 50 years old: 92.9%.

T Mobile voluntarily publishes an annual Political Engagement Report that covers corporate political contributions, employee political action committee (PAC) contributions, lobbying, contributions to tax exempt organizations, and our trade association memberships.

This report and related governance documents can be found online on our Governance Documents page.

T Mobile does not report on all complaints concerning customer privacy or data loss.

We report this number (for both substantiated and unsubstantiated complaints) annually to the FCC in a public filing available from T Mobile or from the FCC’s website under Docket 06 36.

For 2022, that filing reported a total of 416 complaints concerning CPNI (some of which were determined not to be substantiated).

The table below references the SASB Standard for the Telecommunications industry, as defined by SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System.

Total energy consumed is calculated based on emissions sources included in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, namely diesel, gasoline, jet fuel, propane, natural gas, and electricity.

For more information, please refer to our Independent Assurance Statement on our ESG Reporting Hub.

Percentage grid electricity is calculated as total electricity consumed as purchased from the grid (and reported for Scope 2 GHG emissions) divided by total energy consumed.

Percentage renewable electricity is calculated as total renewable electricity generated on site or purchased in the form of renewable energy credits divided by total energy consumed.

The T Mobile Privacy Center houses our Privacy Notices about our privacy practices for consumers.

Here consumers can find the choices they have over the use of their personal data and our Privacy Notice describing what data we collect, how it is used, when it is shared, how we retain and protect it, and other privacy safeguards.

Please see the T Mobile Privacy Notice for how the company collects, uses, shares, and protects your personal data.

The T Mobile Privacy Center gives consumers easy to access information concerning behavioral advertising and their choices.

This includes the choices consumers have over the use of their personal data for relevant advertising and data analytics and reporting.

For more information see our articles on Analytics Reporting and Personalized Ads Offers.

For relevant ads, T Mobile will use and analyze data from your device, and usage data generated by your use of T Mobile products and services, and sometimes data from third party partners, to create inferences for our own and third party advertising until you tell us not to use it.

This data helps us understand more about user interests (e.g., sports enthusiast, loves cooking, etc.).

T Mobile has policies and practices in place for data handling and to govern the data lifecycle including the use of Privacy by Design principles and processes to evaluate new projects using Privacy Impact Assessments.

T Mobile also conducts an extensive data inventory of its systems.

We don’t knowingly collect data from or about children without the permission of their parent or guardian.

When we do collect that data, we might do it directly, like when you sign up for a service.

We might also collect it automatically if your child uses the products or services we offer.

Please see our Children’s Privacy Notice for more information.

The number of customers whose information is used for secondary purposes varies by product, and is dynamic over time, as consumers may opt out of many of these uses.

We publicly disclose information on how we use personal data in our Privacy Notice, the choices we offer with respect to those uses, and publish the number of requests we’re received to opt out of certain data uses, as well as the number of requests we’ve received from customers to access or delete their personal data.

For purposes of reporting this metric, we’ll report on regulatory fines or legal settlements for matters that have a material impact on our operations, or which we’d otherwise disclose to investors pursuant to SEC guidance.

We do not, as of this report, have any material monetary loss as the result of litigation or regulatory investigations concerning our processing of consumer data.

T Mobile discloses the number of law enforcement requests for customer information and the number of requests that were rejected, received no response, or received a written explanation of why T Mobile was unable to respond in whole or in part.

For the latest annual figures, please visit our website to view the most current annual Transparency Report.

The 2022 Transparency Report is scheduled to be published in summer 2023.

T Mobile releases customer records to third parties only when legally compelled to do so.

The Law Enforcement Relations team relies on a variety of Federal and State statutes and regulations when determining appropriate compliance.

The Law Enforcement Relations Specialists are trained to analyze legal demands and make a determination regarding appropriate compliance.

T Mobile notifies customers of third party legal demands only if required by law or contract to do so.

T Mobile does not measure the number of individual customers as noted above we track government requests which may cover more than one customer.

T Mobile does not report these figures publicly, in part as the definition of data breach varies across laws and contract terms.

We do provide public notice for those incidents where such notice is required by law.

In unusual cases, we may provide additional information about an incident and our response.

We use administrative, technical, contractual, and physical safeguards designed to protect confidential and personal data while it is under our control.

T Mobile’s data security program also includes, among other items, a threat intelligence component, a supplier risk management component, a vulnerability and patch management component, secure development practices, and investigative tools such as data loss prevention tools to identify and address data security risks.

We utilize the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework in designing that program, and follow applicable data security laws and standards in the context where they apply.

Examples of such laws and standards include the New York Dept.

T Mobile is committed to giving customers a way to responsibly dispose of their devices and extend their product life.

Through our Device Reuse and Recycling program, customers can trade in an eligible device for a credit towards a new one or they can bring in unused devices to our retail collection sites.

Devices currently included in this program include phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots and IoT items.

Our Device Reuse and Recycling program complies with federal and state laws and gives consumers a way to properly and safely recycle these items.

T Mobile requires suppliers and partners that repair and recycle these devices to be certified to the industry leading R2 standard, which provides a common set of processes, safety measures and documentation requirements.

R2 is rigorously and independently audited, emphasizing quality, safety and transparency, including any devices exported for refurbishment and recycling.

In 2022, T Mobile collected approximately 11.7 million devices through this take back program.

Approximately 81% were reused or resold to approved vendors for reuse, approximately 12% responsibly recycled by certified third party facilities, and approximately 7% remained in inventory as of 12 31 22 and are intended to be reused or recycled in 2023.

For the fiscal year 2022, T Mobile had no material losses related to litigation or to non appealable regulatory decisions involving anti competitive behavior.

T Mobile is committed to an open internet and its provision of broadband internet access services does not directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic either in exchange for consideration from a third party or to benefit an affiliated entity.

For information on T Mobile network performance characteristics (including download speeds), customer options, and network management practices, see our Open Internet information page.

Please see T Mobile’s SEC reports for our disclosures relating to the risks and opportunities associated with laws and regulations addressing net neutrality.

Information regarding network practices for T Mobile’s broadband internet access services is also available on our Open Internet information page.

T Mobile does not currently disclose the system average interruption frequency.

T Mobile does not currently disclose the customer average interruption duration.

At T Mobile, we understand the importance of reliable communications and connectivity during critical events, like natural disasters and emergency situations.

That’s why building in operational and network resilience is vital to the work we do.

As a company, we are committed to safeguarding the interests of our customers, employees, and stakeholders in the event of an emergency or significant business disruption.

We maintain an Enterprise Continuity Program designed to be best in class with proactive measures to reduce risk to enterprise operations and recovery solutions that minimize impact to customers and services during a potential business disruption.

With enterprise wide teams that work to address Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery, Network Availability, Emergency Response and Customer Support, we are relentless at keeping the interests of our customers, employees, and stakeholders at the forefront of our disaster readiness and emergency response work.

A team of dedicated, certified, and seasoned Business Continuity professionals work with all lines of business to help ensure that Business Continuity Plans are current, comprehensive, and effective.

Critical operations, processes and services across the enterprise are identified along with criticality ratings, risks, gaps, and potential impacts of a service disruption.

Process, criticality, and risk reviews are conducted on a regular basis.

T Mobile’s Executive Management receives a quarterly risk report inclusive of the efforts and status of the Enterprise Continuity Program.

The Enterprise Continuity Program is also reviewed and approved by leadership on an annual basis.

T Mobile reported 113,598,000 wireless customers at the end of 2022.

Wireless Subscribers: A customer is generally defined as a SIM number with a unique T Mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue.

We provide wireless communications services to a variety of customers needing connectivity, but focus primarily on two categories of customers: Postpaid customers generally are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables,.

Prepaid customers generally pay for wireless communications services, including High Speed Internet, in advance.

T Mobile does not have customers who contract with us for fixed line phone services as outlined by the standard.

T Mobile reported 2,646,000 High Speed Internet customers at the end of 2022.

T Mobile does not currently report this information.