We build loved brands that bring joy to our consumers’ lives with beverage choices for all occasions, tastes and lifestyles.

Our growth strategy is grounded in our core values and commitment to social and environmental responsibility.

This 2022 Business Sustainability Report is The Coca Cola Company’s fifth report to integrate overall business and sustainability performance, data and context, reflecting our continued journey toward driving sustainable business practices into our core strategy.

Except as otherwise noted, this report covers the 2022 performance of The Coca Cola Company and the Coca Cola system (our company and our bottling partners), as applicable.

As used in this report, the terms material, materiality, immaterial, substantive, significant and other similar terminology are not used, or intended to be construed, as they have been defined by or construed in accordance with the securities laws or any other laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction or as they are used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting.

For detailed information on the scope of this report, please see About This Report on page 69.

The Coca Cola Company’s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference.

We have remained true to that purpose for 137 years, and I am as encouraged today about the future of our business as I have ever been.

It’s centered around people our consumers and employees and driving sustainable solutions that build resilience into our business to respond to current and future challenges, while creating positive change for the planet.

As a total beverage company, we are committed to offering people more of the drinks they want across a range of categories and in a variety of sizes.

In 2022, we launched 246 low or no sugar beverages and continued to see double digit growth for Coca Cola Zero Sugar, which is now available in more than 170 markets.

This helped to drive our volume of low and no calorie beverage sales to 29% of total volume.

We’re driving the most significant marketing transformation in our history, focused on digital first engagement with consumers.

Coca Cola Creations: This global innovation platform lends the iconic Coca Cola brand to new expressions, driven by collaboration, creativity and cultural connection.

Launched in 2022, we introduced five limited edition drinks that drew inspiration from music, gaming and culture.

These were complemented with experimental packaging designs and various digital experiences.

Sprite Limelight: A music and cultural extension of the brand’s global platform Heat Happens, Sprite Limelight aims to unite fans from different cultures and lifestyles by bringing together different artists from around the world.

We’ve launched Jack Daniel’s Coca Cola as a ready to drink cocktail through a relationship with Brown Forman.

This is one example of our ongoing journey to bring Coke to consumers in new and dynamic ways.

We take the new responsibilities that come with our entry in this space very seriously.

As a result, we’ve embedded our Global Policy on Alcohol Responsibility into our business processes to ensure we grow our alcohol brands in a responsible and sustainable way.

Water: Water is a priority for our company because it is the first ingredient in all our beverages and is essential to the communities we serve.

As a local business operating in more than 200 countries and territories, we have a responsibility to help protect critical resources.

Our 2030 Water Security Strategy focuses on increasing water security.

We work with partners to provide access to a steady supply of clean water for people and ecosystems in the areas where we operate and source ingredients.

We recently announced a more focused effort to prioritize the most water stressed regions.

As we’ve done since 2015, we’ll continue to replenish the water we use in our finished beverages to nature and communities.

It’s centered around people our consumers and employees and driving sustainable solutions that build resilience into our business to respond to current and future challenges, while creating positive change for the planet.

Packaging: We seek to drive a circular economy for our packaging because this helps to reduce waste and carbon emissions.

We’re working to use more recycled content in our packaging, to expand our use of refillable bottles, and to collect packaging for recycling through our World Without Waste initiative.

We also partner to design new solutions for packaging.

For example, we licensed our technology for a 100% plant based plastic bottle to a company building a commercial scale facility in Germany.

This bio based plastic packaging has a lower carbon footprint than other plastics.

While we’re making progress, we know there is more work to be done.

In 2022, we collected 61% of the equivalent bottles and cans that we introduced into the market and used 15% rPET in our bottles.

To galvanize collective action, we invest in solutions and partnerships across industry, governments and society.

In 2022, we became a Strategic Partner of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.

This group includes companies within key industry sectors that can help drive the transition to a circular economy.

Climate: Our water, packaging and climate goals are interconnected.

For example, by creating a circular economy for packaging, we can lower our carbon footprint.

By approaching water stewardship from a basin perspective, we participate in initiatives that increase communities’ resilience to extreme weather events, alongside our partners.

Our approach to climate is rooted in science, and we’ve set a science based target to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by 2030, against a 2015 baseline.

As of 2022, we have reduced our emissions by 7% against this baseline.

We’re committed to creating a culture of inclusion and belonging and to driving meaningful change in our communities.

By 2030, we aspire to be 50% led by women globally.

The Coca Cola Foundation, the philanthropic arm of The Coca Cola Company, contributed 94.8 million to 301 organizations around the world in 2022 to help create a better shared future for the communities our business serves.

Our continued success would not be possible without our people.

I am grateful for the company and system employees who live our purpose every day.

Their collective passion and focus to build loved brands and make a difference in the world is how our business will continue to thrive for generations to come.

Our Board of Directors is proud of our company’s ongoing success.

As the business continues to grow and evolve, our Board also continues to evolve.

Through our Board refreshment efforts, we strive to maintain a balance of skills, tenure and diversity among our Directors.

I am extremely proud that in 2022 we achieved gender parity in the composition of our Board.

And as this report demonstrates, our actions and our business success remain grounded in our strong values and purpose: to refresh the world and make a difference.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Judd Enterprises, Inc.

Chairman and Senior Executive, IAC Inc. and Expedia Group, Inc.

Note: Board composition and committee positions reflected as of April 25, 2023.

Ms. Millhiser will join the Board on July 1, 2023 after her retirement from her current role, at which time she will join the Audit Committee.

We focus on the highest priority sustainability issues facing our company, stakeholders and communities, with the goal of maximizing collective impact.

These issues, which we review on a regular basis in collaboration with leading NGO partners, are integrated into both our business strategy and system wide operations to simultaneously build resilience and drive growth.

They also inform our ambitious sustainability goals and how we report on progress against these interconnected goals.

Align U.S. race ethnicity representation to U.S. census data across all job levels.

Water is a priority for The Coca Cola Company because it is essential to life, our beverages and the communities we serve.

That means we have a responsibility to help those who face water scarcity and to protect local water resources where we operate, especially in places with the biggest challenges.

Our 2030 Water Security Strategy is focused on accelerating the actions needed to increase water security where we operate, source ingredients and touch people’s lives.

We do that by contributing toward sustainable, clean water access that improves livelihoods and wellbeing while protecting against water related disasters.

We understand water challenges are different in each region, so we are focused on doing what matters most locally, where the challenges are greatest.

Achieve 100% regenerative water use across 175 of our facilities, identified as facing high levels of water stress by 2030.

Improve the health of 60 watersheds identified as most critical for our operations and agricultural supply chain by 2030.

Return a cumulative total of 2 trillion liters of water to nature and communities globally over the life of our strategy, between 2021 2030.

We have exceeded our 100% replenishment goal every year since 2015.

As a total beverage company, we are committed to offering people more of the drink choices they want across a range of categories and in a variety of packages.

Evolving consumer tastes and preferences help steer our business strategy and shape the lineup of beverages we bring to market.

We take a disciplined approach to product innovation and portfolio management, ensuring we develop and deliver preferred, great tasting beverages for all occasions and lifestyles.

This includes offering drinks with reduced added sugar and more brands with nutrition and wellness benefits providing small package options and clear nutrition information on packaging and in our communications and marketing our drinks responsibly.

We continue to use our marketing to drive growth of our low and no calorie portfolio.

Sugar has experienced double digit growth in five of the last six years.

In 2022, several leading low and no calorie brands in North America launched consumer campaigns with celebrity partners and sponsorship assets.

Peer reviewed methodologies were used to calculate volumetric benefits per project and operating unit for all externally assured data one exception was approved for internally validated and verified data.

The replenish benefit is typically estimated as a long term, average annual volume, but for some project activities it varies annually.

Replenish benefits fall under three categories: Watershed Protection and Restoration (233.5 BL), Water for Productive Use (40.9 BL) and Water Access and Sanitation (17.4 BL).

Due to joint venture or merger and acquisition activities between 2019 2022, certain brands may not be accounted for in this metric.

Unless otherwise stated, in this report finished beverages is based on global sales volume.

As of 2022, we reduced our absolute emissions by 7% against waste challenges facing our planet and society.

Our ambitious which are embedded in how we operate as a business, and we change is a priority for our company.

Climate change poses a 2015 baseline, making progress toward our science based strategy to drive change through a circular economy for our take a transparent approach to reporting our actions, results risks to our business and our stakeholders.

By implementing an reduction target of 25% by 2030 against the baseline.

Several of our bottling partners and suppliers have set or fundamental goals: Making 100% of our packaging recyclable deliver impact at scale.

In 2022, we avoided around half a million metric tons of virgin plastic usage through our efforts on lightweighting and use of recycled content with an incremental avoidance of over 50,000 metric tons compared to 2021.

We bring people together to support a healthy, debris free environment.

See our 2022 partnership highlights here and local communities.

We are working to reduce our carbon footprint in line with science to help avoid the worst impacts of climate change.

We do this by analyzing and prioritizing the sources of GHG emissions across our value chain and by partnering with stakeholders to drive down emissions.

Respecting human rights is one of our core values.

This complex global supply chain includes many kinds of suppliers, from multinational companies to smallholder farmers.

The PSA, introduced in 2021, take a long term perspective and reflect the most recent science, our total beverage company portfolio, and our increasingly diverse supply chain.

The PSA are designed to encourage continuous improvement in farming practices and lead to more ethical and sustainable sourcing.

Our goal is to sustainably source all our ingredients over time such as sugar cane, corn, fruit, coffee, tea and soybeans.

Sustainably sourcing our ingredients increases the resilience of our supply chain, helps to conserve nature, and empowers producers and farm workers.

In practice, we encourage and support our ingredient suppliers to drive continuous improvement in sustainable farming practices, based on our PSA.

The Coca Cola Company was among the first companies to commit to the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and we have strived to inspire and drive responsible business practices ever since.

Impact, a new vision for the company’s human rights program.

Our mission is to take actions that lead toward a better tomorrow.

We will take the lessons learned from existing programs and partnerships and seek to scale and adapt best practices across more geographies to deliver real impact to more people across our value chain.

We will work to drive progress across our company, our industry and beyond through rigorous analysis, creative partnerships and constant innovation to turn commitment into action.

To make our ambition concrete, Real IMPACT includes three signature initiatives.

Real IMPACTToward a Better TomorrowDriving meaningful and enduring change in the lives of everyone touched by the commodities at the heart of our products from smallholder farmers and their families to the communities we serve.

Empowering workers across our value chain from upstream supply chain workers and our 700,000 system employees to down stream informal waste collection workers supporting recycling around the world.IMPACT AgricultureIMPACT WorkDeveloping transformative due diligence and remediation programs through emerging technologies and creative partnerships with stakeholders and experts.

We help create a better shared future for everyone our brands and business system touches by working to provide access to equal opportunity and fostering belonging both in our workplaces and the communities we serve.

We partner with global, national and local organizations plus our network of bottling partners to improve people’s lives.

While we continued to make meaningful progress in 2022, our work is an ongoing journey in an ever changing landscape.

That’s why we continue to prioritize listening and learning executing our strategy consistently and holding ourselves accountable for continuous progress.

ASPIRE TO CREATE a workforce that mirrors the markets we serve.

ENABLE an inclusive culture where our employees thrive.

ADVANCE equity within our business, communities, and the marketplace.

The Coca Cola Foundation’s mission is to make a difference in communities where our company operates and where our employees live and work.

Coca Cola Company, The Coca Cola Foundation supports transformative ideas and institutions that address pressing and complex global challenges.

Our goal is to leave a measurable and lasting impact in local communities through a focus on the environment and society.

In 2022, The Coca Cola Foundation contributed 94.8 million to 301 organizations globally.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

Note: The percentages in each column in these charts may not sum to 100% due to rounding.

We are a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories.

We are constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing added sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market.

We seek to positively impact people’s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain.

Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide.

Finished beverages (including sparkling soft drinks water, sports, coffee tea juice, value added dairy plant based beverages and emerging beverages).

Company typically generates net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling partners.

Our bottling partners combine the concentrates and syrups with still or sparkling water and sweeteners (depending on the product), to prepare, package, distribute and sell finished beverages.

Our finished product operations consist primarily of company owned bottling and distribution operations.

Costa’s portfolio also includes ready to drink and at home coffee solutions.

The Coca Cola Company does not own, manage or control most local bottling companies.

In 2022, we combined partnerships, technology and our consumers’ passions to create unforgettable experiences in music, gaming and sports.

Coke Studio expanded into a global, digital first platform.

Seven diverse artists from seven countries teamed up on a remake of Queen’s A Kind of Magic to kick off the platform.

India, the Philippines, Africa and the Middle East.

Coca Cola Creations is a new global innovation platform that lends the iconic Coca Cola brand to new expressions, driven by collaboration, creativity and cultural connection.

Creations draws inspiration from music, gaming and culture, and is complemented with experimental packaging designs, digital experiences and more.

Seagram’s to showcase the parallels between recycling sounds and beverage bottles.

Records is an original EP created almost entirely from recycled sound samples captured during the PET bottle to bottle recycling process.

The project is a creative, culturally relevant way to celebrate the brands’ switch from green to clear PET packaging.

Nourish Every You was inspired by the insight that vitaminwater fans want to take care of themselves, but are living with fluctuating physical, emotional and spiritual needs.

Sprite Limelight launched as the music and cultural extension of Heat Happens, the brand’s global platform unveiled in 2022.

Chenyu used the hook as inspiration for their own original songs.

Biles and other accomplished athletes and coaches spanning a variety of sports.

The campaign kicked off in March 2022 during NCAA March Madness.

Note: See pages 72 74 for reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP).

The Coca Cola Company’s innovative and collaborative culture is underpinned by a robust framework of policies and processes to promote ethical behavior, accountability and transparency.

Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our governance framework as part of its risk oversight function.

Corporate Governance Guidelines, Certificate of Incorporation and Corporate By Laws can be viewed on our website.

The Committee assesses a range of issues relevant to the company’s business, our shareowners, the broader stakeholder community or the general public.

This entails evaluating and reviewing information pertaining to social, political and environmental trends, in addition to oversight of the company’s sustainability goals and human rights practices.

Committee oversees our plans and strategies on climate related issues.

For a deeper dive into our climate governance, visit the Climate section.

The Committee also oversees and reviews, at least annually, the company’s public policy agenda, its position on significant public policy matters, political contributions and lobbying activities.

The Committee reviews shareowner proposals on sustainability issues to be included in the company’s proxy statements and makes recommendations to the Board.

In addition, the Committee receives updates on priority sustainability issues, including actions and progress toward goals.

Sustainability Committee to oversee sustainability risks facing the company.

Finally, the Talent the varied and technical matters encompassed and Compensation Committee oversees the by sustainability.

The Corporate Governance company’s human capital management policies and Sustainability Committee has primary and strategies.

This includes talent management, responsibility for overseeing the company’s leadership and company culture initiatives, sustainability strategies and initiatives and such as those promoting diversity, equity and related risks that concern environmental, social, inclusion (DEI).

This Board level commitment legislative, regulatory and public policy matters, and alignment drives top down accountability toward our DEI goals and helps support a positive company culture.

Beginning in 2022, performance as it relates to diversity, packaging and water goals is reflected in our incentive programs for executives.

To reinforce the importance of meeting our sustainability goals, the Talent and Compensation Committee approved plans to link sustainability performance to our annual and long term incentive programs for executives in 2022.

States, to align race and ethnicity representation to U.S. census data.

Learn about our transparent approach to stakeholder engagement and scientific research.

The company follows all national laws regarding political engagement and discloses political contributions according to each country’s legal framework and through the relevant national regulatory authorities.

In early 2023, the company enhanced its disclosures to include links to our non U.S. political contributions.

The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors annually reviews our public policy agenda and advocacy program.

These reviews ensure that our activities align with our business interests and serve the needs of our shareowners and broader stakeholder community.

Vice President Chief of Public Affairs, Communications and Sustainability, and the Legal Department.

Political Engagement Policy, and applicable laws and regulations.

Integrity, transparency and nonpartisanship reporting process that spans many years, and underpin our approach to engagement in the we aim to provide stakeholders with complete, public policy and political process.

States and Canada, we promote public policy public communications.

Business Sustainability Report, which combines include environmental sustainability, consumer financial and sustainability performance in one publication.

We also respond to the CDP climate, preference, tax and trade, and workplace and economic inclusion.

Our advocacy often involves water and forests questionnaires and make those education, participation and thought leadership disclosures publicly available.

We recognize there is a desire for standardization across reporting frameworks, and we’re within industry, business and policy forums.

When significant to our business interests, we share our policy positions through advocacy initiatives.

Consistent with U.S. federal law, the company listening to stakeholder feedback.

Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, a globally committees, or otherwise employ its resources, recognized framework.

In addition, we provide including in kind, even when permitted by indexes for the Sustainability Accounting law.

Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), electioneering communications.

We also submit packaging political candidates, even if permitted by law.

Global Commitment, the WWF ReSource Plastic disclosure platform and the U.S. Plastics Pact.

Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability.

Accountability (CPA) aims to encourage responsible corporate political activity, protect shareholders and strengthen the integrity of the political process.

The Coca Cola Company works closely with approximately 200 bottling partners across more than 200 countries and territories to achieve our sustainability goals.

We have established internal processes and an internal control environment that help us identify and manage risks.

The company’s Compliance, Legal and Finance functions serve in an advisory role.

Our networked teams also collaborate with operating units, bottling partners, NGOs, governments, investors and people in communities all around the world to identify risks and make progress toward our sustainability goals.

For more about our approach to risk management and priority issues, see Priority Topics.

S During 2022, we undertook a comprehensive company, system and stakeholders.

Sourcing and Talent Attraction, Retention and DEI increased in importance versus the prior year.

We have implemented management initiatives strategy, conduct and evolve our business, to address these priority topics.

We also continue to evolve our strategic approach to effectively manage associated business risks and opportunities in light of the ongoing changes to both our business and the external context in which we operate.

This is detailed in the individual sections of the report.

The horizonal axis represents impact to the company and the vertical axis represents the importance to stakeholders.

The quadrants help identify where the combined views of the priority topics fall.

Prior to 2022, our last comprehensive review was conducted in 2019, with refreshes being undertaken in 2020 and 2021 to establish closer alignment between priority topics and business relevant issues and practices.

Our 2022 review included a robust analysis and broader engagement guided by ERM, a leading sustainability consultancy.

This was followed by interviews with more than 30 internal and external stakeholders and an online survey that had 90 responses from across the globe.

Stakeholders we talked to represent a diversity of views and have deep expertise across a range of issues and sectors.

The stakeholders included investors and financial institutions, NGOs, bottling partners, trade and industry associations, business peers, customers and suppliers.

Our comprehensive 2022 review process resulted in an updated priority topics matrix, which reflects adjustments to several key issues in response to feedback from both internal and external stakeholders.

As one of the world’s largest and most recognized companies, we have an opportunity to use our size and scale to help address global challenges.

While we strive to make progress on our own, we are committed to fostering partnerships that drive collective impact in areas including water stewardship, packaging circularity, climate action and many more.

Coca Cola system, which includes our approximately 200 bottling partners worldwide.

We engage with stakeholders, including governments, NGOs, communities, suppliers, investors, business partners, customers and consumers around the world and throughout our network, in many forums and formats.

Feedback from our stakeholders allows us to learn and improve, and informs our business and sustainability strategy.

In all our engagements with stakeholders, we are committed to upholding the principles of transparency, consistency, accountability and integrity.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section our stakeholder engagement and partnership work refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

Coca Cola Philippines and Indorama Ventures partnered to establish PETValue Philippines, a full operation recycling facility that is the first of its kind in the country.

The facility is helping to drive collective action toward a circular economy for PET plastic, by providing more than 800 collection points for PET bottles in the country.

PETValue’s projected capacity, or the amount of used plastic bottles it can process, is 30,000 metric tons per year, which requires around 2 billion PET bottles as input to be recycled.

In partnership with WWF Pakistan, we are working to address water scarcity and quality issues for approximately 360,000 people in.

Lahore, Pakistan who rely on the Ravi River as a freshwater source.

We partnered with the CEO Water Mandate, denkstatt and others to help build the business case for Nature Based Solutions.

Council of Beverages Associations in support of a UN Global Plastics Treaty.

Coalition is supporting the treaty negotiations around the vision of a circular economy in which plastic never becomes waste or pollution, and the value of products and materials is retained in the economy.

In 2022, as COVID 19 restrictions eased, we were able to attend several global events in person.

We used these opportunities to engage with diverse stakeholders, to listen and to explore ways to drive collective action to positively impact people, communities and our environment.

Business Coalition for a Global Plastics Treaty Launch New York, NY, U.S.

Touch the Sky , a global women's leadership platform.

In September, the 2022 Middle East edition brought together over 300 women from top companies across the region to Dubai to learn, network, share and apply best practices on leadership, success, diversity and inclusion.

The summit provided a platform for dialogue on regional inclusive development aimed at stimulating the private sector and impact investors, to shape market led solutions for the SDGs.

Coca Cola Netherlands held its fifth OPEN conversation in October involving our local bottling partner and key stakeholders to discuss topics such as packaging, water, climate, diversity, equity and inclusion and how we can all contribute to a healthier living environment.

The Coca Cola Company became a Strategic Partner of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation with the announcement shared during its annual Summit on July 5, 2022.

The Foundation’s Strategic Partners include some of the world’s largest and most influential organizations, with transformative potential to demonstrate what’s possible to accelerate the transition to a circular economy.

Water is a priority for The Coca Cola Company because it is essential to life, our beverages and the communities we serve.

It is also critical to public health, food security, biodiversity and the climate crisis.

The world is experiencing increased water insecurity, which is evident through water scarcity, with demands for safe, usable water exceeding supply in certain areas.

We have operations nearly everywhere in the world in more than 200 countries and territories.

That means we have a responsibility to accelerate our efforts to help address water stress, protect local water resources and help build community climate resilience communities’ ability to adapt to these changing conditions.

Peer reviewed methodologies were used to calculate volumetric benefits per project and operating unit for all externally assured data one exception was approved for internally validated and verified data.

The replenish benefit is typically estimated as a long term, average annual volume, but for some project activities it varies annually.

Replenish benefits fall under three categories: Watershed Protection and Restoration (233.5 BL), Water for Productive Use (40.9 BL) and Water Access and Sanitation (17.4 BL).

Due to joint venture or merger and acquisition activities between 2019 2022, certain brands may not be accounted for in this metric.

Unless otherwise stated, in this report finished beverages is based on global sales volume.

Foundation as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

Vision: Our 2030 Water Security Strategy is focused on accelerating the actions needed to increase water security where we operate, source ingredients and touch people’s lives.

We do that by contributing toward sustainable, clean water access that improves livelihoods and wellbeing while protecting against water related disasters.

We also work to preserve nature and biodiversity as well to promote advanced water management practices.

This means we will partner to build water resilience across operations and supply chains, and we will work together to achieve collective positive water impact in at least 100 vulnerable water basins by 2030.

Our 2030 strategy is grounded in the fact that water is a shared resource.

Over the last couple of years, we followed a process to segment and prioritize our operating facilities, commercial regions, sourcing regions for global priority ingredients, watersheds, and communities based on those with the highest water related risks (read more on the following page).

To achieve our goals, collective action is critical.

Achieve 100% regenerative water use across 175 of our facilities identified as facing high levels of water stress by 2030.

Improve the health of 60 watersheds identified as most critical for our operations and agricultural supply chain by 2030.

Return a total of 2 trillion liters of water to nature and communities globally between 2021 and 2030.

All three goals contribute to our commitment to maintain at least 100% global replenishment of the water used in our finished beverages.

Actions in Our Watersheds Our Communities Support nature based solutions.

Help farmers use less water and implement sustainable agriculture practices.

Help provide communities with access to safe water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH).

Advocate for good water governance and smart policies.

In 2022, we completed our analysis of water related risks in areas where we can make the greatest impact1.

Watersheds Similarly, we undertook a comprehensive process to identify priority watersheds across our system.

These include our Leadership Locations and sourcing regions for global priority ingredients, their water sources, where we source global watersheds and communities.

Communities We also began mapping priority communities, concentrate plants and bottling facilities) and based on their lack of access to water, sanitation mapped the minor river basins and sourcing and hygiene (WASH) and resilience to water basins of these facilities.

Vulnerability Assessments our site level, internal proprietary tool.

ADVANCED EFFICIENCY LOCATIONS: System facility locations in a water stressed context that will drive advanced water efficiency improvements in operations.

CONTRIBUTING LOCATIONS: System facility locations in areas with low water related risks.

Water Resource Sustainability Standard, achieving industry benchmark water efficiency and 100% compliance with wastewater discharge standards.

Regenerative water use means facilities must reduce, reuse, recycle and replenish the water used in operations in the local correlated watersheds for beneficial social, economic and or environmental uses by other stakeholders and nature.

By mapping and overlaying our priority facilities, market growth regions.

In T rkiye, we identified an operating facility located in a water stressed area as a priority facility (Leadership Location) in the city of Bursa in the north west of the country.

The facility is owned and operated by our bottling partner Coca Cola ecek.

Further, we identified the Bursa Balikesir watershed as a priority because it not only serves as a water source for our facility but also because it supports the growing of apples, peaches and nectarines that we source as ingredients in our products.

The watershed faces high levels of water scarcity and pollution of water sources from local industries, including textiles and agriculture (e.g., use of insecticides).

Water Resource Sustainability Standard compliance process and working with a third party consultancy to screen options for improving water efficiency in our operations.

Lake Manyas interventions that are relevant to the local context.

See the Sustainable Agriculture section for more details on how we are supporting farmers to improve water management in growing our ingredients in this region.

This may lead to changes in the prioritized facilities, watersheds and communities.

All our production operations will continue to implement the Coca Cola system’s Water Resource Sustainability Standard.

Better understanding of these costs will help strengthen decision making and the business case for investment in initiatives that respond to local challenges.

The purpose of this standard is to identify and reduce water quality and quantity related challenges for our operations.

In the development of new plants, we leverage our Sustainability by Design Tool to ensure that water efficient processes are implemented and that we achieve best in class water efficiency.

We have set an ambitious target to reduce our water use ratio by 20% by 2030 from a 2015 baseline for all operations across the system.

Cost of Water We have partnered with denkstatt to develop a Cost of Water tool for our teams.

Valuing Impact and a number of peer companies to better understand how projects returning water to communities and nature help create societal value.

We have a goal to achieve 100% regenerative water use in all our 175 Leadership Locations globally by 2030.

We have continued to improve the efficiency of our water use.

Valuing Water Finance Initiative to drive investor leadership on valuing water and to broaden investors’ perspective on the role that water plays in many industries’ value chains.

Within our 18 concentrate production plants, which produce the concentrates used to make many of our sparkling beverages, the company has committed to driving water efficiency improvements.

In 2022, we achieved a 7% average water efficiency improvement across all our concentrate plants compared to a 2015 baseline.

As an example, in 2022, one of our concentrate plants in Ireland reduced its water consumption by more than 13,000 cubic meters compared to the previous year by implementing circular washing in its clean in place process.

A monitor to improve mindset in our local team is also key to achieving and sustaining this level of performance.

Stewardship (AWS), we are proud to be a part of a global movement to advance good water stewardship practices.

AWS certification confirms that the highest global standard for responsible water stewardship has been met in support of social, cultural, environmental and economic benefits at both the site and catchment level.

We plan to certify all our 18 concentrate production sites against the latest AWS Standard by 2025.

It was identified as a priority watershed because it supplies water to a manufacturing facility owned by our bottling partner Corporaci n del Fuerte, which is a Leadership Location.

In addition, the watershed includes orchards from which the system sources apples.

The agricultural sector and the city of Cuauht moc are major water users.

The watershed is forecasted to face increasing water quality and quantity challenges in the coming years due to population growth and rising temperatures.

Coca Cola Mexico, our projects in this watershed have helped to improve rural communities’ access to water, mainly through rainwater harvesting systems and check dams.

The watershed stewardship plan completed in 2022 helped identify key context specific interventions to consider for future projects including, reforestation, rainwater harvesting, dams, plant nurseries, conservation of springs and community access to WASH, as well as the need to strengthen local partnerships.

These plans will also help us to track improvements in watershed health and co benefits of projects (e.g., enhanced biodiversity and carbon sequestration).

One project currently in the pipeline is working with an agri tech partner, Kilimo, to help local farmers save water by adopting technology enabled irrigation management tools.

Developing watershed stewardship plans at the catchment scale is critical to helping water users in a particular region identify and address the drivers of water risk.

Working with partners to implement solutions, stakeholders can take an effective science based approach to improve water resilience for both people and nature.

Protecting watersheds and recognizing the unique challenges and characteristics of water sources around the world has long been a focus of our work.

Watersheds supply water for drinking, agriculture and manufacturing provide habitat for plants and animals and offer opportunities for recreation.

Based on our 2030 Water Security Strategy, we are placing even greater emphasis on the holistic improvement of watershed health.

We set a goal to improve watershed health in 60 watersheds identified as most critical for our operations and agricultural supply chain by 2030.

Producing the ingredients used in our beverages accounts for an estimated 92% of our total blue water1 footprint, which is the volume of surface water and groundwater consumed in producing our finished products (evaporated or embedded in the product).

That’s why, in 2022, we expanded our analysis and prioritization to include watersheds that support our priority ingredient sourcing, in addition to our operating facilities and those necessary for key market growth.

The Coca Cola Foundation and the Coca Cola system have a long history of watershed projects.

These projects include support for nature based solutions such as reforestation, wetland and meadow restoration, as well as irrigation system improvements, invasive species removal and check dam construction.

Many of the projects work in agricultural contexts to improve availability of water for irrigation and more efficiently use water in agriculture.

We adopt a human rights based approach to water and communities.

We recognize the connection between our social license to operate and functional, resilient water infrastructure.

Insufficient access to water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) infrastructure and poor water quality are key challenges faced by communities around the world.

These challenges are being exacerbated by population growth, climate change, political conflict and forced migration.

Foundation and many nonprofits, governments, customers and other partners.

We are updating our reporting methodology for our community water programming data to align with our 2030 Water Security Strategy and upcoming external frameworks, and we will apply it to future data reporting when ready.

In 2022, our operating units began the identification of priority communities based on communities’ access to WASH and or their resilience to the impacts of climate change (e.g., floods and droughts).

Improving access to safe drinking water, sanitation and hygiene.

Enabling adaptation to water related climate change impacts.

The Co Benefits of WASH Access We’re working with WASH4Work, an initiative hosted by the CEO Water Mandate, to develop a standardized methodology of accounting for the co benefits of WASH projects (e.g., health, income, nutrition, safety and security, and education) and strengthen the business case for investments in WASH programs.

WASH programs because we know that women and girls suffer disproportionately from poor access to clean water, sanitation and hygiene.

In Latin America and the Caribbean, 25% of the population lack access to safely managed drinking water services.1 Climate change, urbanization, accelerated water usage, and inadequate infrastructure are among the leading causes.

Global Environment Technology Foundation (GETF) and local civil society organizations, designed and launched a platform called Aliados por el Agua (Aliados) to help improve access to water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) for 2 million people across 18 countries by 2030.

This Ripple Effect study found funding from The Coca Cola Foundation.

The research established that of women who utilized time savings for economic activities, 91% saw an increase in income.

In addition, Coca Cola Latin America partnered with Global Water Challenge and its women for water platform to develop the Women for Water Framework for Action which is based on the Ripple Effect Study and helps to integrate gender and women’s empowerment into the Aliados por el Agua platform by focusing projects on three key areas: income generation, health and wellbeing, and resilience.

With our partners and support from The Coca Cola Foundation, we are piloting the framework across families and communities.

Diageo, practical guidance to help companies and their implementing partners turn strategic commitments on community WASH and gender equality into integrated projects that result in better, more sustainable outcomes which are critical parts of the pathway to gender equality and women’s empowerment.

WASH, improve watershed health and empower women through water based activities.

In 2022 the Company scored an A on Water, which indicates a strong water security strategy and best in class governance, including tying executive compensation to our water replenish targets.

The shared nature of water resources requires collective action to help solve water challenges.

CEO Water Mandate, a partnership between the UN Global Compact and the Pacific Institute.

The Water Resilience Coalition, an initiative of the CEO Water Mandate.

WASH4Work, an initiative hosted by the CEO Water Mandate.

Recognizing that nature itself often offers the best mechanisms for restoring watershed health, the company, The Coca Cola Foundation and our bottling partners invest in nature based solutions (NBS), such as forest protection and floodplain management, which build on natural processes to manage water systems.

Through our work, we have learned that NBS projects often have multiple co benefits, such as better water quality, carbon sequestration, increased climate resilience, and enhanced richness and variety of life of natural habitats (biodiversity).

We worked with denkstatt to develop a methodology to help us quantify and test the co benefits of NBS projects.

In 2022, we partnered with the CEO Water Mandate, denkstatt and others to help build the business case for NBS by developing a standardized methodology to measure benefit accrual and a means to value social return on investment.

The methodology has been tested across several of our water replenishment projects in key geographies.

Our aim is to support public, private and non profit sectors in developing effective policies and programs to incentivize greater implementation of and investment in NBS because water is at the nexus of many goals, including protecting habitats, increasing biodiversity, sequestering carbon and promoting community resilience in the face of changing weather patterns.

We share resources to increase all our efforts and to generate a bigger impact.

Metro Manila, the second most populous region of the country.

Forest cover within the watershed has dramatically dropped from 85% to just 40% in recent years1 due to illegal logging and unsustainable forest practices, which has resulted in a reduction in the natural water storage capacity of the basin.

Malnutrition is also a pervasive challenge in local communities.

Since 2016, The Coca Cola Foundation and Coca Cola Foundation Philippines have worked in partnership with WWF Philippines to protect rainforests of the area, replant trees and provide livelihood opportunities.

The project has reforested 165 hectares of degraded land in the watershed and supported local communities to start household gardens to grow food.

In 2022 the project was assessed using the NBS valuation methodology.

WATER QUANTITY: The replenishment of approximately 400 million liters of water per year due to decreased runoff and improved water access for local communities.

CARBON SEQUESTRATION: Approximately 2,500 metric tons of CO2e per year from reforestation.

FOOD SUPPLY: Household gardens helped to tackle food insecurity and some of the trees planted have edible fruits (e.g., rambutan, coffee).

In 2022, fairlife became our first ever of packages.

Ever evolving consumer tastes and preferences help steer our business strategy and shape the lineup of beverages we bring to market.

We take a disciplined approach to product innovation and portfolio management, ensuring we develop and deliver preferred, great tasting beverages for all occasions and lifestyles.

This includes offering drinks with reduced added sugar and more brands with nutrition and wellness benefits providing small package options and clear nutrition information on packaging and in our communications and marketing our drinks responsibly.

United States and Canada has focused on innovation and providing consumers with high quality nutrition through a growing portfolio of value added dairy products, including ultra filtered, lactose free milks protein shakes and sports recovery drinks.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section our Portfolio work refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

We support more than 50 calorie and sugar reduction pledges globally, in collaboration with industry peers.

In 2022, we joined an updated industry wide pledge in Australia to reduce the sugar content in our portfolio by 25% by 2025.

In Kazakhstan, we are among nine members of the national beverage association to sign an industry pledge to reduce average added sugar in our drinks by 10% by the end of 2026.

Drink Industry Associations of T rkiye to reduce sugar in nonalcoholic beverages and certain food categories by 10% by 2025.

In Europe, we are leading the soft drinks industry in voluntarily committing to sugar reduction.

The European soft drinks sector is the only sector to have made an additional sugar reduction commitment under the EU Code of Conduct.

We support the recommendations of leading health authorities that individuals should consume less than 10% of their total calories from added sugar.

That’s why, from 2017 2022, we removed more than 900,000 tons of added sugar from our global portfolio through more than 1,000 beverage reformulations.

By 2025, we aim for 50% of the drinks we sell in Europe to be low and no calorie drinks (we’re currently at 45%) in support of the EU Commission’s Farm to Fork strategy to accelerate the transition to sustainable food systems.

We’re offering more low and no calorie options in more places.

We continue to use our marketing to drive growth of our low and no calorie portfolio.

Basketball Final Four tournaments in the campaign encouraging self expression and digit volume growth in five of the last six years.

United States with March Madness themed self care.

Sprite Zero Sugar teamed up with Marvel Studios’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever for the Infinite Potential.

Best Coke Ever ads showcasing the brand’s reformulated taste.

Simply and actor comedian Eugene Cordero invited consumers to Say Yes to Simple in a smartwater and global ambassador Zendaya, an acclaimed actor and performer, celebrated new campaign showcasing the brand’s fast growing lineup of juices, ades, plant based milk those who define smart on their own alternatives, smoothies and more.

Together, smartwater and Zendaya are also helping address the water crisis in communities across the world by partnering with the Global Water Challenge’s women for water platform, which focuses on mobilizing clean water access for every woman and her community.

Gold Peak ready to drink tea collaborated with Grammy and Oscar winning artist Questlove on the Tea is for Trying campaign.

One of the ways we achieve great taste without sugar is by using low and no calorie sweeteners.

When used approaches to promoting zero calorie choices as part of a healthy diet and lifestyle, we believe to younger consumers in 2022 through flavor the science shows that sugar alternatives can innovations, packaging designs and digital help meet public health recommendations to experiences.

The global Coca Cola Creations reduce added sugar.

Additionally, food additives platform introduced a series of limited edition such as non sugar sweeteners help make food offerings inspired by consumer passion points systems more sustainable by both reducing sugar of music, gaming and sports starting with the and lowering our carbon emissions.

States, a limited edition lineup of mysteriously flavored Fanta beverages was anchored by a zero sugar option.

Our recent efforts have focused on collaborating with an ecosystem of suppliers and research organizations to develop, continuously improve and commercially scale stevia and other naturally derived sugar alternatives.

Since 2008, we have invested more than 100 million in sweetener innovation and sugar reduction research.

We’re bringing teas, juices, waters, and dairy and plant based beverages to more people in more places.

Some of these beverages are enhanced by fortifying them with vitamins and minerals.

Minute Maid sparkling juice gives consumers in China a zero sugar option made with real fruit juice and refreshing bubbles, along with B3 vitamins and zinc to supplement nutritional needs.

Chun Yue launched as first ever functional soda water in China, with added vitamins and minerals.

Two zero sugar, zero calorie options offer a slightly sweet, fruity taste.

Minute Maid Honey Infused ready to drink fruit drinks in India contain added dietary fiber to support healthy digestion.

The new preservative free line is available in three delicious flavors: apple, mixed fruit and guava.

Fuze Tea launched in Pakistan in two flavors lemon and peach.

The innovative brand is a fusion of reinvigorating tea extract from 100% sustainably sourced tea leaves and fruit flavors.

It is available in North America in three flavors: chocolate, strawberry and vanilla.

People can enjoy our drinks in sizes that help control portions and added sugar intake.

We continue to expand availability of these packages and introduce newer offerings, including 150 ml mini cans and 250 ml slim cans, so people can enjoy the same great tastes in sizes that are right for them.

In addition to giving consumers an expanded array of personalized, on demand beverage choices including low and no calorie options the innovation helps reduce our carbon and packaging footprints.

Today, about 44% of our sparkling soft drink brands come in packages of 8.5 ounces or less.

In North America, 10 pack mini cans grew 39% in 2022.

We respect the role of parents and caregivers as the primary decision makers for what their children drink, and we do not market any of our products directly to children under 13, regardless of nutritional profile.

This means we will not place our marketing or advertising in any media, platform or event where more than 30% of the audience is under 13.

Our policy goes beyond media and includes packaging, in store and point of sale.

Code and its Framework for Responsible Food and Beverage Marketing Communication.

Global Responsible Marketing Policy, from employees and bottling partners to agency and media partners.

We are a founding member of the International Food Beverage Alliance (IFBA), a group of leading companies that self regulate globally on responsible marketing to children.

Additionally, we collaborate with industry peers at regional and local levels to scale collective action in responsible marketing pledge programs.

Our commitment to offering more consumer to minors below the legal purchasing age.

We run regular trainings for our people growing alcohol ready to drink (ARTD) market.

Coca Cola in Mexico, with more markets to of communications and sales.

Jack Daniel’s Coca Cola joins our growing portfolio of ARTD offerings including Lemon Dou, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Schweppes Pre Mixed Cocktails.

In 2022, we joined the International Alliance for Responsible Drinking (IARD), a consortium of leading beer, wine and spirits producers committed to reducing harmful drinking and promoting moderation through robust responsibility standards.

We take the new responsibilities that come promotes moderation by communicating with our entry in this space very seriously.

Support local responsible consumption harm in those countries.

Enable our employees and partners to be ambassadors for responsible consumption.

Our responsible alcohol marketing policy determines how we innovate and bring to market ARTD brands.

At the heart of our approach is ensuring that our alcohol brands are only directed at adults over the legal purchasing age who choose to drink, and encouraging only drinking in moderation.

We are committed to providing transparent nutrition information about all of our products, in line with local regulations, so consumers can make informed decisions.

We were the first beverage company to place calorie information on the front of nearly all our packaging worldwide.

Today, we provide nutrition information on product labels, with the exception of certain returnable bottles, fountain beverages and waters (unsweetened, unflavored).

For these beverage and packaging types, we offer nutrition information through websites and consumer hotlines.

We recognize our responsibility to help solve complex plastic waste challenges facing our planet and society.

That’s why, in 2018, we launched an ambitious strategy called World Without Waste to drive systemic change through a circular economy for our packaging.

Making 100% of our packaging recyclable globally by 2025 and using at least 50% recycled material in our packaging by 2030 (DESIGN).

Collecting and recycling a bottle or can for each one we sell by 2030 (COLLECT).

Bringing people together to support a healthy, debris free environment (PARTNER).

SECTION SCOPE: In this section, our packaging strategy refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

We are making progress against each of our objectives, which are embedded in how we operate as a business, and we are taking a transparent approach to reporting our actions, results and learnings.

Local teams are executing in ways appropriate for their markets, and we are using a networked approach to deliver impact at scale.

Our work has also shown us where the major challenges are, and some of our markets will have challenges meeting goals as quickly as others.

When we lightweight our packaging, incorporate more recycled and bio based material, invest in local recycling programs and increase our use of reusable packaging, we can reduce both waste and our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

In 2022, we avoided around half a million metric tons of virgin derived from non renewable plastic usage through our efforts on lightweighting and use of sources by a cumulative 3 million metric tons from 2020 20253 recycled content, with an incremental avoidance of over 50,000 metric tons since last year.

Zero Sugar are now offered in RGBs nationwide, eliminating more than 15 million single use glass bottles in 2022.

In the United States, a 500 ml returnable glass bottle pilot program in approximately.

Texas, generated a 75% return rate, and we are exploring expansion capabilities in 2023.

We also are working with Reuse Seattle to reduce single use plastic waste by encouraging customers to transition to reusable cups for our dispensed products, as part of a broader multi stakeholder effort on foodservice packaging across the metro region.

In South Africa, we extended the rollout of refillable 2 liter and 1.5 liter PET plastic bottles.

In Sri Lanka, we responded to the ongoing economic crisis by introducing the Large.

Returnable Glass Bottle (LRGB), nicknamed the Big Buddy Pack, to provide an affordable and returnable, mealtime focused option for families.

Coca Cola, Fanta and Sprite are offered in the 750 ml bottles, which feature paper labels and aluminum caps.

In Sweden, we are collaborating with Reitan enabling a circular economy for our packaging plastic bottles or in fountain dispensers with.

Convenience on a reusable packaging pilot in materials.

Creating a circular economy requires reusable packaging by 2030. designing out waste by using, collecting and reusing recycled materials, which have inherent value.

It also means embracing refillable and fountain dispensed packaging solutions.

In Latin America, the Let’s Be Different or purchase a reusable stainless steel tumbler.

Reusable packaging can reduce single use packaging waste.

Expanding refillable packaging options helps ensure high levels of collection of beverage containers.

PET bottle for a refillable bottle of Coca Cola Zero Sugar.

In Brazil, returnable, refillable PET bottles of Coca Cola, Fanta and Sprite can be returned, cleaned and refilled up to 25 times.

The package gives shoppers an affordable option and drives repurchase rates.

In Hong Kong, China, we have installed almost 100 Bonaqua Water Stations along hiking trails and in shopping malls and transportation hubs.

Consumers pay a small fee to fill their own bottles with hot or cold Bonaqua water.

PET bottles, to aluminum cans, to refillable packaging.

Just as we offer drink choices for a range of occasions, our packaging portfolio gives consumers multiple ways to enjoy our brands conveniently and safely.

Since glass, aluminum and PET plastic are all recyclable materials, they all can play a role in a circular economy.

Refillable packages, both glass and plastic, can have the lowest carbon footprints of our packaging options.

PET packages with recycled content can have a lower carbon footprint than aluminum and glass, which require more energy to produce, recycle and transport.

In Scotland, Costa Limited ( Costa ) carried out a 14 store pilot of an on the go reusable cup scheme, which invited consumers to rent a cup by scanning a QR code before enjoying their drink and then returning the cup for it to be washed and reused.

The effort supports Costa’s global goal for 25% of its drinks to be served in reusable or refillable packaging by 2030.

We tailor our refillable packaging approach by market, based on local conditions.

In 2023, we launched an end to end refillables operations guide to help local teams implement more effective strategies and plans.

We are pursuing this goal, which represents about 20% of our virgin plastic use, through more than 150 lightweighting projects and advancements on use of recycled and renewable materials.

Through joint ventures and long term supplier agreements, our system is making strategic investments to boost recycling capacity, unlock new supplies of recycled plastic and scale new technologies.

However, growth of plastic packaging has outpaced efforts on lightweighting and use of recycled content, so that we have not reduced our use of virgin plastic overall.

Around the world, many of our biggest brands are taking major steps to support a circular economy for plastic packaging.

More than 40 markets currently offer at least one brand in 100% rPET packaging.

In the United States and Canada, we recently began offering the majority of DASANI bottles from 20 oz.

Demand for recycled PET plastic for food grade supports the DASANI brand's pledge to remove applications currently exceeds supply, so we need the equivalent of 2 billion virgin plastic bottles to help build a sustainable pipeline of high quality from production by 2027 compared to 2021 material.

The announcement followed the launch recycling and collection collaborate with recycling of 100% rPET bottles in New York, California partners and secure rPET to help ensure material and Texas, which also included Coca Cola 20 for our bottles is used again and again.

In recent years, system partners and suppliers have announced significant investments, both oz.

Eight markets in Europe (Austria, Belgium, the global rPET infrastructure.

Many investments are coming online in the next two years and will change the rPET landscape, particularly in Asia.

Iceland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland) offer their entire locally produced portfolios in 100% rPET.

In Qatar, Coca Cola, Sprite, Fanta and Arwa water advocate for government regulations permitting were sold in 100% rPET bottles in FIFA World the use of rPET in food and beverage packaging.

Dedicated recycling bins and on site communication ensured proper collection of all bottles to be recycled and converted locally back into new ones, closing the loop and leaving behind a green legacy.

In Vietnam, we launched 100% rPET Coca Cola bottles, which is projected to avoid 2,000 metric tons of virgin plastic usage annually.

Four brands are now offered in 100% recycled PET and supported by an educational marketing campaign.

We continued to transition Sprite plastic bottles from green to clear PET to help increase the efficiency of recycling systems.

As one example, Coca Cola North America’s entire green plastic portfolio including packaging for Sprite, Fresca, Seagram’s and Mello Yello made the transition to clear PET in 2022.

As The Coca Cola Company’s second largest brand, Sprite is proud to demonstrate its commitment to circularity through our packaging by ensuring every bottle we make can be recycled and made into a new one.

We can only achieve our World Without Waste goals by creating closed loop packaging streams, and that starts with clear PET.

The KeelClip 1 packaging solution made from recyclable cardboard replaces plastic rings for recycling, are being piloted for our entire portfolio multi packs.

Following a successful rollout across on the bottle helps improve recyclability and scheduled to deliver material in 2023.

Europe, the first of its kind solution is being reduce carbon emissions.

Europe will save an estimated 9,100 tons of plastic per year by 2024.

In emerging markets, we advocate for government and civil society to create or lags that of some other materials.

While we government regulations permitting the use support closed loop systems that ensure our continue to focus on national collection rates, in of rPET in food and beverage packaging, and packages are collected and recycled or reused.

Delivering a circular economy will require we updated our collection tracking guidance to collection sector in the circular economy.

In significant and urgent improvement in waste account for material collected through system developed markets, we are working with industry management and recycling systems around the led efforts.

Company and bottler teams in peers to build collection infrastructures world.

Countries with a well designed DRS across packaging types.

Collection challenges vary, as every country has unique governments, regulatory environments and consumer behaviors.

Though some countries have high recycling rates across packaging types, our own tracking systems.

In 2023, we will start collection (approximately 95% collection for PET incorporating Coca Cola system led collection bottles in Germany).

We advocate for well designed Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) schemes, in which companies that produce packaging fund collection, sorting and recycling with the goal of increasing recycling rates.

The coalition has published guiding principles and key design parameters for optimal EPR programs.

Authority to pilot a certified skills training program for workers in the informal waste collection sector.

These workers have access to training, tools and equipment for efficient waste collection and connections to materials recovery facilities (MRF) that buy the waste that is collected.

In the United States, we’re making progress members can drop off used, clear PET bottles one community at a time, through our industry in return for incentives.

Participating retailers initiative Every Bottle Back.

As of November 2022, earn income from selling collected PET bottles the initiative has launched over 25 projects which to waste management companies and recyclers.

Similar programs are in place in Malaysia, million pounds of PET over ten years.

In Brazil, SustentaPET collection centers take in advocate for legislation that enables a circular more than 700,000 PET bottles a day to produce economy, like a recent EPR law passed in recycled resin that ultimately becomes new.

Colorado and minimum recycled content laws packaging.

In its first three years, the program passed in California, Washington and New Jersey.

PET and will expand to additional states in 2023. those of many other countries, and we know there is much more work to do.

In Egypt, we partner with BariQ, the largest bottle to bottle recycling plant in the Middle.

East, to recycle 14,000 metric tons of plastic vulnerable workers in the informal waste waste annually to food grade product compatible sector is an important pillar of our Collection with the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), efforts.

Circularity Initiative to develop human rights principles and guidelines for engaging with the informal waste collection industry.

For more information, see the Human Rights section.

In India, we’re teaming with bicycle grocery delivery service Zepto for the PET Return and.

Following a successful pilot in Mumbai, the program will expand to additional cities.

We now have five years of experience implementing the World Without Waste program.

Global Commitment in collaboration with the our World Without Waste plans.

The partnership in Tangier aims we are taking stock of our current status across and local level.

In the past couple governments and community organizations to of years, we increased our ambition and set strengthen recycling infrastructures and boost virgin plastics reduction and reusable packaging collection rates collaborating with customers, targets.

In the Philippines, we are partnering with Save Philippine Seas on a campaign to find and scale community based plastic waste solutions.

In 2021 and 2022, the partners and the local and investments in place to continue to make waste management department have collected progress.

Our experience in a handful of markets more than 3,900 metric tons of plastic waste.

The Coca Cola Foundation to advance their the vision of a World Without Waste a reality.

Strategic Partner alongside some of the world’s value chain, financial institutions and NGOs, are largest and most influential organizations, supporting the development of an ambitious, with transformative potential to demonstrate effective and legally binding UN treaty to end what’s possible in the transition to a circular plastic pollution which will set common goals, economy.

As a Strategic Partner we support rules and obligations for member states, and in the Foundation’s mission to develop and turn, for businesses.

Through a shared vision we promote a circular economy beyond our work on believe that a legally binding treaty must set the plastics and deepen our engagement globally, right enabling conditions to successfully scale regionally and locally.

The need for global coordination to tackle the plastic pollution crisis has never been more urgent.

A Business Coalition for a Global Plastics Treaty will push strongly for a framework that leaves the business as usual approach at the door and ushers us into a new era where ending plastic pollution is finally within reach.

Vice President and Head of Plastic Waste and Business, WWF a circular economy for plastic and end plastic pollution, and in doing so, will level the playing field across countries and industries.

This will help ensure all plastics users participate in the funding of collection systems and will set consistent targets for areas such as recyclability, recycled content and collection.

In 2022, we continued to strengthen existing partnerships and establish new ones to align strategically with our World Without Waste priorities and collectively drive progress toward a circular economy.

Changchun Meihe Science Technology supporting 46 startups with funding, training, mentoring and other hands on support to execute pilot projects in a partner company’s supply chain.

Within the Coca Cola system, we are pursuing six pilot projects, building on the five pilots from last year.

We have focused our investments in concepts that support a circular economy, water and climate.

And while we are early in the process, we are seeing promise.

The Ocean Cleanup against specific goals, or the full suite of targets, indicates that these goals can be met.

Package design and the use of recycled materials are areas that are ultimately in our control, but costs, quality, technology and consumer preferences are dynamic factors that affect our ability and timelines for implementation.

The key challenge for us is collection for recycling of beverage packaging, which is the key step to ensure a functioning circular economy.

We will continue to invest in innovation for the small percentage of our packaging that currently has recycling challenges, including juice pouches, opaque packaging currently used for dairy beverages, and cartons.

And, we will invest in new recycling technologies for PET plastic and other packaging materials.

We see a significant opportunity to work more proactively with global and regional customers, many of which have announced their own sustainable packaging goals that can only be achieved in collaboration with key suppliers.

Looking ahead, we will build on our longstanding relationships to make collective progress.

Taking well informed, decisive action to help address climate change is a priority for our company.

Climate change poses risks to our business and our stakeholders.

By implementing an interconnected approach across our priority sustainability issues, we are reducing the Coca Cola system’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and building resilience in our business, value chain and local communities.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section our climate emissions reduction work refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

We are working to reduce our carbon footprint in line with science to avoid the worst impacts of climate change.

We do this by analyzing and prioritizing the sources of GHG emissions across our value chain and by partnering with stakeholders to drive down those emissions.

As of 2022, we reduced our emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 7%,1 making progress toward our science based reduction target of 25% by 2030 against a 2015 baseline1.

Our ambition is to achieve net zero emissions by 2050.

Several of our bottling partners have announced their own science based targets and net zero pledges to drive climate action across the global Coca Cola system.

In 2022, our scope 1 emissions were 4.4 million metric tons, scope 2 emissions were 3.5 million metric tons2 and scope 3 emissions were 57.0 million metric tons.

We are part of a number of business networks that are supporting our journey to net zero.

Climate Business Network, we share best practices to drive collective ambition and scale action together.

Company Network has helped to identify opportunities to drive further progress toward net zero emissions.

In 2023, we are sustainable sourcing schemes to building our capabilities in life cycle quantify the impact of sustainable assessment (LCA) to further drive sourcing on emissions reduction.

We provide system guidance to improve energy efficiency and increase the generation and purchase of renewable energy.

We are continuing to replace older efficiency and the use of hybrid and equipment with hydrofluorocarbon electric vehicles across the system.

Belgium, covering approximately 40% of the country’s local delivery routes.

Committee of our Board of Directors oversees climate related issues.

The Committee assists our Board in overseeing the company’s environmental, social, legislative, regulatory and public policy matters, including progress against our science based emissions reduction target.

The committee reports regularly to the full Board on these and other matters.

To learn more about our governance structure, see the Governance section.

For exclusions, please see the criteria statement in the Independent Accountant’s Review Report.

The following are examples of how we are working on climate initiatives with partners across our value chain.

One critical strategy for reducing emissions in our system is the increased use of renewable energy in our manufacturing processes.

Renewable electricity usage, which was third party assured for the first time in 2021, increased from 12% in 2021 to 21% in 2022.

Energy Project Pipeline in 2022, where we work closely with bottling partners to increase the number of renewable energy projects throughout our system.

As the number and scope of these projects expands, we will look for opportunities to collaborate and share best practices.

Given the size of our network of bottling partners, they are critically important in making progress toward our climate ambitions.

Our bottling partners have a major influence on emissions reductions based on what they buy, make and deliver for our shared customers and consumers.

In September 2022, Arca Continental committed to setting a science based target.

This program helped us to improve the way we calculate our Scope 1 2 emissions and to calculate our Scope 3 emissions for the first time.

Last November, we committed to setting a science based emissions target.

In total, more than 160 of our suppliers have set or committed to setting SBTi approved emissions targets.

Coolers have long been a key opportunity because approximately one third of our emissions comes from cold drink equipment and dispensing.

We continue to find new ways to collaborate we conducted in 2022, we published internal and support our suppliers to collectively guidance for coolers used across our value chain.

The guidance sets specific energy usage limits, which will require increasing energy efficiency between now and 2030 and help drive the replacement of older, less efficient coolers.

We are also installing more intelligent suppliers with resources, tools and knowledge connected coolers that can transmit data to accelerate their decarbonization.

The company is directly sponsoring 56 of these helping reduce emissions.

The program is showing signs of success 10 suppliers that we sponsored, who successfully completed the program, have since set or committed to setting their own SBTi approved emissions targets.

This is an increase from 61% of coolers placed in 2016.

Our Risk Steering Committee oversees regular system wide risk assessments.

We regularly evaluate commodity specific risks and resilience associated with climate impacts on water and our supply chain.

This includes risks related to the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change.

Our management team works to mitigate these risks through, among other things, business continuity planning, setting targets that drive efficiency and making investments to improve our performance and increase resilience.

Board of Directors oversees climate related risks.

In line with the launch of the SBTi’s Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) requirements, we are working to update our current science based target in line with this methodology and a more ambitious trajectory.

This new target would consider emissions from land use change in our supply chain as part of our overall GHG footprint and would consider carbon sequestration from land based projects we implement in our supply chain.

While we already work closely with suppliers to engage on water and sustainable agriculture, accounting for land use emissions would require an even closer partnership with our agricultural suppliers.

As we incorporate more work across the agricultural supply chain, this would also help us meet evolving climate risk and data disclosure requirements.

Gathering complete and accurate data is critical to identifying a path to achieving our science based target.

We are continuously improving the scope and detail of our data collection to ensure all significant sources of emissions across our value chain are included in our inventory.

We are updating our 2015 baseline data due to recent acquisitions.

Improving our data helps us prioritize projects and programs with the greatest impact, including more detail on renewable energy usage and more data from suppliers.

One area of focus has been to validate the accuracy and completeness of our renewable understand our supply chain, drive change and energy claims.

We have done this through more accurately track emissions reductions of assuring our claims to the GHG Protocol.

This specific suppliers and commodities in key areas.

Even deeper in our supply chain, work is underway to map and understand how land, water use and farming practices in our major agricultural sourcing regions both generate emissions and have the potential to reduce emissions.

Costa began its own work in 2022, launching a Climate Smart coffee project in partnership with the Rainforest Alliance.

This study is being used to inform the design of scalable climate mitigation interventions.

Because approximately 85% of our total carbon emissions come from goods and services we buy, it is essential to engage with suppliers to accurately capture our full scope 3 emissions and ensure our suppliers join our decarbonization journey.

GHG emissions in our supply chain and information on supplier targets and initiatives to reduce emissions.

In 2022, 378 suppliers provided climate data to CDP out of 495 requested, a 12% increase from 2021.

Additionally, we are working to improve data accuracy in partnership with several major suppliers across ingredients and packaging, starting with sugar and aluminum, in order to develop supplier specific emissions factors for the commodities we procure.

Revolution technologies at scale to drive step change financial, operational and sustainability improvements by transforming factories, value chains and business models.

Investments in the facility’s IT infrastructure, advanced technologies and employee training has led to a 6.8% increase in production in three years (2019 2022) and a 29% energy reduction, which brought emissions back to 2011 levels.

The Ballina team’s learnings are being shared globally.

Our products and some of our packaging are made from a wide variety of agricultural ingredients which we source from around the world.

Our goal is to sustainably source all our ingredients over time.

We publicly report on our 12 global priority ingredients such as sugar, corn, fruit, coffee, tea and soybeans.

Sustainably sourcing our ingredients increases the resilience of our supply chain, helps to conserve nature and empowers producers and farm workers.

In practice, we encourage and support our ingredient suppliers to drive continuous improvement in sustainable farming practices, based on our Principles for Sustainable Agriculture (PSA).

SECTION SCOPE: In this section our Sustainable Agriculture work refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

Thriving farmers and farming communities are critically important for our supply chain.

Our ability to deliver quality products depends on having a sustainable and secure supply of agricultural ingredients.

LEADER: Supply volume is verified to company approved standards, with third party assurance aligned with the PSA.1 MOVER: Supply volume is sourced from farms using other agricultural farming standards, effectively identifying and addressing key sustainability issues and multinational companies to smallholder farmers.

IMPROVER: Supply volume is sourced communicate our expectations for environmental, from smallholder small scale producers participating in a support program to continuously improve their priority sustainability practices.

All of our agricultural based suppliers will demonstrate continuous improvement and will be categorized by The Coca Cola Company as either a Leader, Mover or Improver.

All of our global priority ingredient suppliers and their farm supply base will work toward achieving.

Sustainable Agriculture Guiding Principles (SAGP), take a long term perspective and reflect the most recent science, our total beverage portfolio, and our increasingly diverse supply chain.

The PSA are designed to encourage continuous improvement in farming practices and lead to more ethical and sustainable sourcing.

The PSA framework for evaluating the compliance and performance of our supply farm base recognizes the on the ground realities in sustainable farming practices across a diversity of supply chains, farm structures and risk contexts.

Based on the PSA framework, suppliers are designated as either a Leader, Mover or Improver.

We are currently analyzing against the PSA framework the volume of the 12 global priority ingredients we procure.

This mapping, which we aim to complete by the end of 2025, will help determine how we engage with suppliers to drive continuous improvement.

We currently only report our Leader level volumes publicly.

Irrigated agriculture remains the largest user of water globally, accounting for 70% of water use worldwide,3 and has significant impacts on watershed health.

Agriculture is also one of the sectors most impacted by water stress and drought.

Water use within our agriculture supply chain accounts for the vast majority of the surface water and groundwater consumed in the production of our beverages.

Therefore, we are working with our suppliers to help promote the long term sustainability of water resources through the implementation of advanced water management practices at the farm level.

In addition, we are including our priority sourcing regions as part of our water replenishment programs.

Tekirda in T rkiye, which are priority sourcing regions for apples.

This partnership has guided us with a focus on the right solutions for young farmers in highly water stressed regions of T rkiye.

Doktar Co Founder and CEO tomato growing as farmers shift from a flood based irrigation system.

We estimate the project will replenish approximately 500 million liters of water per year.

The improvements in water use efficiency are expected to help reduce costs and increase profitability for the farmers.

Over the past year, we have worked closely with major water users.

Sensors will be installed to our suppliers to map our sourcing regions for our monitor climate and soil moisture conditions and global priority ingredients.

While we recognize satellite data (Sentinel 2 and PlanetScope) will that traceability is not always perfect, and our be used to calculate levels of evapotranspiration.

All of this data will be combined to provide understand sourcing regions for our global personalized irrigation programs for participating priority ingredients that are exposed to high or farmers and help to avoid excessive watering.

Drip irrigation infrastructure will be built on on engagement with suppliers in these priority selected sites, which helps to reduce water sourcing watersheds.

Regenerative agriculture is often referred to as a system of farming that focuses on positive outcomes that ensure the long term viability of land to sustain production by working with nature rather than against it.

A number of our completed and ongoing projects promote sustainable agriculture practices (e.g., use of cover crops) and contribute to positive outcomes, including reduced soil erosion and the buildup of organic matter.

We will use key learnings from these projects to inform the design of future projects and incorporate regenerative agriculture principles and practices.

Regenerative Agriculture Framework, we are supporting the development of an industry solution for measuring outcomes of regenerative agriculture practices at the farm level.

We are also actively involved with SAI Platform’s work on the Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA), a global verification framework and benchmark reference designed to accelerate sustainable agriculture.

The latest version, FSA 3.0, includes a self assessment questionnaire and a continuous improvement module that offers guidance for developing, implementing and monitoring performance improvement plans.

Smallholder farmers play an essential role in our supply chain.

Their livelihoods can be particularly vulnerable because they lack the resources and scale of commercial farmers.

We partner with a range of nonprofits, communities, industry organizations and other companies to support smallholder farmers in becoming more efficient and productive while improving water and climate footprints, managing soil health, maintaining crop protection, and respecting the human rights of their workforce and labor contractors.

Improver category of our PSA segmentation includes smallholders who may never be able to gain formal certification but who can, with appropriate support, contribute to more sustainable and regenerative agriculture while increasing their own incomes and resilience.

We are working with partners to support smallholder farmers in Brazil’s citrus sector, which is the largest in the world.

Many smallholder farmers in Brazil have struggled, particularly during the COVID 19 pandemic.

Moreira Citrus Research Center (CCSM) of the Agronomic Institute (IAC).

With project support, this state experimental farm reached the FSA SAI gold level1.

In 2022, the project directly assisted approximately 200 orange farms.

Agriculture in Egypt faces many challenges, including water scarcity, water pollution, desertification and land degradation.

Sustainable Development (ENID) implemented a project in the Qena governorate in Upper Egypt to demonstrate the value of using a greenhouse cultivation model to produce vegetables (e.g., eggplants and tomatoes), and the recycling and use of crop residues (materials left over after a crop harvest, e.g., stalks and stems) as compost on local farms.

Local farmers and laborers received equipment and training in these improved farming techniques.

The application of compost increased the soil moisture holding capacity on farmland and reduced the need for synthetic fertilizer.

It is estimated that composting reduced the use of water for irrigation by as much as 23%.

This decreased farming costs and generated an additional revenue stream for farmers.

The project also reduced the need for burning, which is the traditional way of disposing of agricultural waste.

The Coca Cola system and The Coca Cola Foundation have a long history of supporting projects that help improve efficiency of water use in irrigation, promote advanced water management, and drive improvement in sustainable farming practices.

Many projects have multiple locations, and many projects have the same description.

Many of these projects support agricultural ingredients that are not tied directly to our supply chain.

Many of these projects have been funded by The Coca Cola Foundation.

Mexico to demonstrate the positive outcomes of regenerative agriculture practices in the production of sugarcane.

Farming practices promoted include the use of biofertilizers made from microorganisms and compost.

In 2022, the project was one of the winners of the Bonsucro Impact Fund.

They steward our beloved beverage brands, fuel our innovation agenda, drive our sustainability priorities and programs, and create a multiplier effect in local communities through partnerships with governments, nonprofits, industry peers and other stakeholders.

We remain committed to caring for the people across our value chain who contribute to our success by respecting human rights across our operations and supply chain, empowering access to equal opportunities, supporting more sustainable agriculture practices, and giving back to communities through our philanthropic initiatives.

And we use our global scale as a force for progress and for good.

Respecting human rights is one of our core values.

Rights in 2011, and we have strived to inspire and drive responsible business practices ever since, embedding respect for human rights across our business and value chain.

The foundation of our human rights program is our commitment to continuous improvement.

That’s why, in 2022, we engaged a human rights advisory firm to conduct a holistic and rigorous review of our human rights program to ensure that we remain at the vanguard of responsible business.

The process included extensive engagement with internal and external stakeholders to understand their primary human rights concerns and their expectations of an industry leading program.

We also conducted a global risk assessment to identify salient human rights risks1 across our global value chain and evaluate the strength of our governance to meet future challenges.

The aim of this extensive analysis was to establish a framework to drive meaningful human rights progress across our operations and value chain.

The result of our year long assessment is Real Impact, a new vision for the company’s human rights program.

Our mission is to take actions that lead to a better tomorrow.

We will take the lessons learned from existing programs and partnerships and seek to scale and adapt best practices across more geographies to deliver real impact to more people across our value chain.

We will work to drive progress across our company, our industry and beyond through rigorous analysis, creative partnerships and constant innovation to turn commitment into action.

The future of human rights at The Coca Cola Company is empowerment.

It is about respecting rights while working to drive progress.

We will seek to bring enduring changes to the lives of those we touch around the world.

To make our ambition concrete, Real Impact is grounded in three signature initiatives.

For more information about our vision for the future, click on the icon.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section, our Human Rights Policy and Supplier Guiding Principle audits refer to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners and our Tier 1 independent suppliers and partners.

As a part of our Real Impact framework, we are renewing and refining our Human Rights Policy.

The rights underpinning our commitment are drawn from the International Bill of Human Rights, the ILO Core Conventions, and other instruments foundational to the dignity of vulnerable stakeholders.

In line with the UN Guiding Principles, we carry out human rights due diligence across our value chain.

We regularly assess our key human rights risks to ensure that we are taking sufficient steps to identify and address them and, if needed, to support remediation of impacts.

To make our ambition concrete, Real IMPACT includes three signature initiatives.

Real IMPACTToward a Better TomorrowDriving meaningful and enduring change in the lives of everyone touched by the commodities at the heart of our products from smallholder farmers and their families to the communities we serve.

Empowering workers across our value chain from upstream supply chain workers and our 700,000 system employees to down stream informal waste collection workers supporting recycling around the world.IMPACT AgricultureIMPACT WorkDeveloping transformative due diligence and remediation programs through emerging technologies and creative partnerships with stakeholders and experts.

Forced labor is a human rights issue that plagues a key component of our long term, ongoing global supply chains and is a risk in virtually every commitment to supporting human rights.

No company can solve the same rigorous SGP protocols to audit our this systemic failure alone collaboration is the own operations as we do our bottling partners cornerstone of progress.

We have joined with and Tier 1 suppliers (packaging and ingredients).

Forum to support its Human Rights Coalition (HRC).

The Coca Cola Company has helped with our SGP protocols.

Help make Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) the norm in our industry by implementing forced labor focused HRDD systems.

Implement HRDD systems in certain targeted partners accountable, we also focus on building high risk supply chains, starting with palm oil in capacity to support respect for human rights the People Positive Palm Project and across our value chain.

Support the development of responsible training and resources such as checklists, toolkits recruitment markets through capacity building and guidelines.

In 2022, we conducted bottler and government advocacy.

This business group works closely with international organizations, trade unions, and key NGOs such as the Institute for Human Rights and Business and Verit to eliminate all worker fees in recruitment, both in law and in practice, by 2026.

See our Human Rights 2022 Overview for comprehensive disclosures of our human rights policies, governance, due diligence, as well as access to remedy and grievance mechanisms.

As part of our commitment to respect human rights, we are actively engaging on the topic of a living wage.

While further analysis is needed, we are proud to meet or exceed the BSR living wage benchmark in the vast majority of our own operations.

Where gaps exist, we will be developing a roadmap to progress toward a living wage.

The Coca Cola Company has been a leader in driving ambitious sustainable packaging through our World Without Waste program.

We have collaborated with peers across our industry, government, and civil society to tackle the issue of ocean bound plastics.

In October, The Coca Cola Company was delighted to host the 14th Annual Engaging Business Forum at our headquarters in Atlanta.

United States Council for International Business and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Forum has become one of the preeminent business and human rights conferences, where business leaders and experts from civil society, trade unions and governments hold candid discussions on business experience in respecting human rights across their operations and supply chains.

Responsible Business Conduct, with stakeholder enabling and promoting responsible sourcing practices, to advance industry understanding and progress toward living wages in global collect and sort up to 60% of plastic waste that is recycled around the world.1 They are integral to the functioning of an efficient, circular economy panels discussing subjects such as the increasing regulation of human rights, grievance mechanisms and effective remedy collaborations, and the supply chains.

They are also extremely vulnerable growth of investor benchmarks.

As a sponsor, the company has worked consistently with sport governing bodies, NGOs, governments, and unions to embed respect for human rights into the life cycle of these events.

This work includes our leadership in the Centre for Sport to human rights abuse.

The severity and complexity of human rights impacts on grassroots recyclers makes multi stakeholder collaboration essential.

We were pleased to convene the Fair human rights in the world of sport.

Olympic Committee issuing its first Strategic in late 2022.

Our company has been working with Bonsucro, a leading international NGO, as that identifies recruitment related human rights risks within well as other local and international experts to address human rights risks in the supply chains together with our partners Diginex, an impact technology company, and Reckitt, another consumer goods sugarcane supply chain in Pakistan.

Our partners include GoodWeave International, a non profit with expertise in stopping child, forced and bonded labor in global company.

The platform aims to improve respect for human supply chains, and AgNovate, a respected local organization and licensed Bonsucro rights in the hiring process through due diligence and trainer.

This two and a half year project, which runs to the end of 2024, aims to ethical recruitment.

The platform evolved to include a multilingual worker its own human rights policy and establishing chains, engaging meaningfully with waste pickers, voice tool, diginexAPPRISE, which allows companies to a dedicated human rights program.

FIFA, the Government of Qatar, and NGOs to that affect their lives.

The use of smartphone technology allows a greater number of workers to be reached and helps ensure that foreign migrant workers with low literacy levels are included in the interview process.

In November 2022, AgNovate delivered the first training session of the project to 31 participants, including managers of sugar mills.

The training was based on GoodWeave’s best practices on ending child and worker exploitation.

Gap assessments were then conducted of the six partner sugar mills and selected smallholder farmers on their compliance with the requirements of the Bonsucro Production Standard, which includes ensuring workers do not suffer from forced labor and there is no child labor.

The project will support the mills to develop their own action plans toward continuous improvement and compliance with version 5.1 of the Bonsucro Production Standard.

H We make and deliver our  products and provide services with a goal of zero work related injuries for our employees, contractors and communities.

Providing our employees with a safe workplace environment is among the company’s greatest responsibilities and is part of our commitment to employees, customers and consumers.

Our employees are our most valuable partners, sources of best practices and the implementors of our strategy to embed safe habits and strengthen our safety culture.

We have strengthened our health and safety strategy with multi year purposeful actions across our end to end supply chain.

Performance (HOP) philosophy into our operational learning processes building an environment of active employee engagement accelerating learning and improvement processes building better controls based on work in practice and supporting the right culture.

Several of our bottling partners across regions have deployed HOP operational learning into their organizations.

Organizational Performance (HOP) philosophy that focuses and onwards.

We are focused on creating culture, equipment, work systems and processes.

Management commitment and strong employee engagement are foundational to establishing this culture.

SERIOUS INCIDENT PREVENTION: We expanded our self assessments and governance audits beyond production operations to include fleet and distribution operations.

We have implemented comprehensive, preventative implementing and strengthening controls to prevent serious programs to further identify and mitigate the potential for injuries.

We also continue to build unique solutions (i.e., serious incidents to occur in our facilities.

We are integrating toolkits, guidance) to enhance the capacity and capability of operational learning while also demonstrating progress our system in identifying and mitigating risks.

TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION: We continued investing.

CULTURE: We revamped our Safety Training Academy in 2022, providing enhanced resources, tools and training which include operational safety and road safety programs.

Coca Cola system, we incorporated a new Human and organization.

We completed more than 20 technology pilots globally, which are now being implemented by many of our bottling partners.

These include AI technology camera systems to detect unsafe conditions and driver simulators to train and prepare drivers, among others.

Safe, high quality drinks people can trust, and a safe, secure workplace are an essential part of who we are at The Coca Cola Company.

Although we have seen significant improvements in our safety performance, we know there is more to be done.

By building capabilities across our system, identifying where we need to improve, leveraging industry best practices and engaging with our employees, we are working toward our vision of Zero Is Possible as it relates to serious injuries in the workplace.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section our safety and health strategy refers to actions by the company as well as our owned and independent bottling partners.

The data reported for LTIR only includes company owned facilities.

N As a purpose driven company, we help create a better shared future for everyone our brands and business system touches by working to provide access to equal opportunity and fostering belonging both in our workplaces and the communities we serve.

Together with global, national and local organizations plus our network of bottling partners we remain focused on investing to improve people’s lives, from our employees to those our business system touches to the communities we call home.

While we continued to make meaningful progress in 2022, our work is an ongoing journey in an ever changing landscape.

That’s why we continue to prioritize listening and learning executing our strategy consistently and holding ourselves accountable for continuous progress.

It’s woven into all aspects of how we do business and function as a team from talent acquisition, to supply chain, to the processes that shape our strategy and operations.

It fosters greater creativity, innovation and connection to the wider community.

This journey requires ongoing determination, and we are committed to developing lasting change through sustainable and measurable actions.

In 2022, we continued to embed our DEI priorities across our business.

Pay equity is defined as compensating employees fairly and equitably, without regard to gender (globally), or race and ethnicity (in the United States).

On an annual basis, we conduct audits to ensure our employees are paid equitably.

Additionally, we are diligent and stay aware of the changing regulatory landscape.

In 2022, we published our first ever pay gap report for Coca Cola Ireland.

We are working to embed our philosophy into our business practices and processes, and to extend our analyses beyond base pay to broader aspects of our total rewards policies.

In 2022, we added specific inclusion related questions to our annual Culture Engagement Survey.

Responses serve as a baseline for an Inclusion Index reflecting employee sentiment about belonging, fairness, respect and psychological safety, as well as conditions and behaviors that create an inclusive environment at our company.

JAPAN: We earned a Rainbow , the highest rating in the 2022 PRIDE Index, for our.

Pride of Africa, an umbrella brand born out of need for LGBTQI representation in Africa.

ITALY: As a continuation of a longstanding partnership, we were the primary sponsor of the XXXVII edition of the Special.

Turin, where athletes with intellectual disabilities competed in 20 sports.

They also create diverse sounding boards for business strategies and initiatives, capturing input on potential actions through the lens of diversity, equity and inclusion.

These regionally structured, globally connected employee groups help build affinity and allyship that enhance our ability to recruit, retain, engage and develop diverse talent.

Inclusion Networks enable associates to participate in professional and personal growth opportunities through training and education, community projects, networking events, cultural heritage month celebrations and management opportunities.

As part of our efforts to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, we are partnering with the Valuable 500’s.

This program, which kicks off in 2023, is designed to accelerate opportunities for people with disabilities to become the talented voices of tomorrow’s C Suite.

SECTION SCOPE: In this section, our DEI actions refer to actions by the company, but exclude our independent bottling partners and independent suppliers and partners.

By 2030, we aspire to be 50% led by women globally and, in the United States, to align race and ethnicity representation to U.S. census data.

While these metrics are important indicators of our progress, we are taking an iterative and holistic approach focused on continuous learning.

In 2022, our global female representation increased 1.1% overall, with increases across all levels.

In the United States, we saw an increase in Asian and Black African American representation.

Hispanic Equity Accountability Councils (EACs) to guide community engagement and investment, with an emphasis on economic equity.

EACs are designed to drive quality of life improvements in under resourced communities through economic mobility, financial stability and the well being of individuals and households.

The councils will identify initiatives that reflect diversity in communities which have direct links to our DEI strategy.

Committee approved DEI links to executive compensation as part of the annual incentive for our executive officers, which will help drive our 2030 DEI aspirations.

The links to executive compensation are based on achieving predefined qualitative and quantitative DEI components.

We share diversity metrics quarterly with senior leaders, and we externally publish our representation data annually by race ethnicity (U.S.) and gender (globally) for our overall workforce and leadership.

Opportunity Commission (EEO 1 survey results) on our website.

Bottling Investments Group (BIG), Global Ventures, fairlife and BODYARMOR.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

Note: The percentages in each column in these charts may not sum to 100% due to rounding.

In 2022, we continued to enhance our diversity hiring efforts through equitable recruitment, interviewing and onboarding processes.

Coca Cola is working to maximize procurement opportunities and proactively engaging and building partnerships with diverse owned suppliers spanning a range of industries.

We are focused on increasing the overall diversity of our suppliers and are working to spend at least 1 billion annually with diverse suppliers.

We aspire to join the Billion Dollar Roundtable the gold standard of supplier diversity, currently with only 27 member companies.

The team is exploring ways to expand our supplier diversity program internationally.

We are a founding sponsor of Rise Up Crowdfunding, an equity crowdfunding portal focused on women and minority owned businesses.

The platform connects diverse startups with investors to expand access to capital while also providing business management resources and coaching.

We share Rise Up’s mission to support businesses and underrepresented groups within the communities we serve.

This much needed resource can, in many cases, help small businesses scale up or expand their operations, open new locations and grow their brands.

Backlot Movie Experience at La Marqueta in Puerto Rico.

Attendees enjoyed Coca Cola and Latin food pairings, cooking demos, live music performances and more.

In 2022, our brands further expanded into diverse and inclusive marketing.

In the United States, smartwater and vitaminwater launched partnership extension with ESSENCE Communications, a leading media, brand ambassador partnerships with Zendaya and Lil Nas X, respectively, technology and commerce company dedicated to serving Black women and Minute Maid Aguas Frescas (a Latin inspired fruit drink innovation) and communities.

Sprite Zero Sugar teamed up with Marvel budget by 2024.

Studios’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on the Infinite Potential.

Zero Limits campaign, which highlighted underrepresented Black and track to meet this commitment.

FIFA World Cup 2022 was anchored by a multicultural music anthem recorded by female artists from the Middle East and Latin America.

Foundation, the philanthropic arm of The Coca Cola Company, contributed 94.8 million to 301 organizations around the world to help create a better shared future for the communities our business serves.

Grants funded by the Foundation complement the contributions of our company operating units and bottling partners.

Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) and other humanitarian organizations providing on the ground emergency relief to millions of people impacted by the war in Ukraine.

These grants will also provide support to displaced people and refugees in surrounding countries.

Company and its global bottling partners, committed to contributions totaling more than 20 million to support employees and humanitarian relief efforts.

SECTION SCOPE: The philanthropic giving refers to contributions from The Coca Cola Foundation.

We have a long history of supporting local communities in times of crisis a commitment we continued in 2022.

In addition to supporting local communities, the Coca Cola system’s top priority following a natural disaster is to ensure the safety of all associates and their families.

Coca Cola Foundation, bottling partners and system associates.

Atlanta where the first Coca Cola was served in 1886 is a thriving city we are proud to call home.

The Coca Cola Foundation’s mission is to make a difference in communities where our company operates and where our employees live and work.

The Foundation supports transformative ideas and institutions that address pressing and complex global challenges.

Our goal is to leave a measurable and lasting impact in local communities through a focus on the environment and society.

The Coca Cola Foundation remains committed to making a difference by addressing the complex global challenges that impact our communities around the world.

Honduras, Indonesia, Nepal and focus on ensuring sustainable access with local and national organizations the Philippines.

We continue to help enable the economic farmers that supply agricultural ingredients customers, suppliers and communities across our value chain.

This includes smallholder long history of enhancing the livelihoods of the people in the communities we proudly serve.

We embrace the Organization for Economic sugar millers to warehousing, construction engineering, transportation and facilities their lives and positively influence society.

Our management partners, IT, marketing and other underrepresented groups, to have control over enabling all people, particularly vulnerable and service providers.

Co operation and Development (OECD) definition economic empowerment efforts deliver tangible results in markets around the world, where we harness partnerships and deliver programs tailored to local needs and nuances.

Together with our public and private sector partners, including our bottling partners and The Coca Cola Foundation, we exceeded our target, enabling the economic empowerment of more than 6 million women.

Foundation, our owned and independent bottling partners and our independent suppliers and partners.

We have seen evidence that helping female entrepreneurs overcome social and economic barriers to success creates a ripple effect in local communities with both societal and commercial impacts.

Institute report, if women were to play an identical role in the global labor market to that of men, it is estimated that 28 trillion could be added to the global gross domestic product (GDP).

While women’s entrepreneurship continues to play an active role in business sustainability, we are broadening economic empowerment efforts to help create shared value and a better shared future through training, networking and mentoring programs aimed at working with underrepresented groups.

These programs focus on building financial and digital literacy and enabling access to opportunities through our supplier diversity work.

Economic empowerment is one of The Coca Cola Foundation’s six new priority giving pillars.

The Coca Cola Foundation envisions inclusive economies around the world with expanded opportunities for shared prosperity, especially for the communities that face the greatest barriers to advancing their well being.

The Belesteri ( Stepping Stones ) program has empowered more than 50,000 aspiring help over 1,000 small scale women entrepreneurs business owners in rural areas over the last from three provinces grow their retail businesses.

Training and Access to Resources (STAR) program featuring entrepreneurship training, access to financial resources and online business development tools.

The collaboration grants to women entrepreneurs to launch or expand their enterprises.

The program, which is supported by The Coca Cola Foundation, has helped create more than 300 jobs and has provided life changing income streams for hundreds of families.

Coca Cola Philippines’ broader economic through business and financial skills training empowerment strategy to break the cycle of programs in Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, generational poverty.

Coca Cola Beverages Africa recently expanded its approach to promoting economic inclusion across its value chain to include under served women, youth and persons with disabilities.

Our networked organization is comprised of nine operating units that are focused on regional and local execution and sit under four geographic operating segments Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East Africa Latin America and North America plus Global Ventures and Bottling Investments Group.

This structure is supported by our Platform Services organization and center functions, which collectively provide global services and expertise across a range of critical capabilities.

The following pages offer a look at our operations, their business results and some key activities from 2022.

In 2022, the company gained value share in total nonalcoholic ready to drink beverages, led by share gains in India, Australia,.

We made significant progress on World Without Waste initiatives in the.

Extended Producer Responsibility regulation embracing circularity.

With funding from The Coca Cola Foundation, we supported Planet.

Water Foundation in scaling the deployment of AquaTower community water filtration systems in Cambodia, providing communities in need with clean water access and hygiene education.

Our Unnati Grapes initiative in India trained over 3,000 smallholder farmers to increase the quality and yield of grape cultivation, and supported an all women farmer producer company.

Coca Cola Australia and Coca Cola Europacific Partners Australia pledged to reduce the sugar content in their nonalcoholic beverage portfolio by 25% by 2025, as part of an updated industry wide pledge announced by the Australian Beverages Council.

Coca Cola Japan Company has taken steps to transform their offices and concentrate plant to renewable energy sources for their electricity use.

The headquarters in Shibuya has been running on renewable electricity since May 2021.

Note: See pages 72 74 for reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under U.S. GAAP.

For the year, the company gained value share in total nonalcoholic ready to drink beverages, led by share gains in France, Spain and Poland.

The Coca Cola Foundation funded a partnership between the Water.

Water Directorate to improve water access and quality and to reduce water losses in Iraq.

We launched the Coca Cola Believing is Magic global campaign for.

FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022 by creating end to end, digitally driven experiences.

Our digital platform, the Coca Cola Fan Zone, was activated in 41 markets and featured social experiences for soccer fans.

In Eswatini, The Coca Cola Foundation supported the Ministry of Health’s.

Project Last Mile to strengthen the government’s capacity to store ultra cold chain COVID 19 vaccines.

Coca Cola Europacific Partners is supporting the hospitality industry across Spain to measure their emissions, identify emissions reduction opportunities and offset emissions to help reach carbon neutrality through the Hosteleria PorElClima campaign.

We worked with WWF Pakistan to develop a watershed stewardship plan for the Ravi River watershed, a sub basin of the Indus River Basin, and a priority watershed because it is a key ingredient sourcing (sugarcane) and market growth region.

The river extends through both India and Pakistan and supports approximately 38 million people.

Our analysis found that the river faces increasing water scarcity and quality challenges.

The plan addresses infrastructure and ecosystems, community well being, information management, policy and regulations, finance and planning.

One project already underway is a partnership with WWF Pakistan to address the identified water issues for approximately 360,000 people in Lahore.

Between 2022 2023, the project will install household rainwater harvesting systems, recharge wells to replenish a groundwater aquifer, reforest urban areas and construct floating treatment wetlands.

The treatment wetlands will allow wastewater to be reused for agriculture purposes and remove pollutants and excess nutrients from village ponds.

Note: See pages 72 74 for reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under U.S. GAAP.

Coca Cola Brazil joined the Yes to Racial Equality program run by the.

Identities of Brazil Institute to help generate opportunities for 3 million people in the coming years, and 10,000 new leadership positions for black people by 2030.

Coca Cola Argentina and four bottling partners launched Ruta.

Verde or the Green Road , a recycling project that aims to increase the recovery of materials at collection points.

This new project connects 28 municipalities across three provinces and helps more than 590,000 people access public places to recycle plastic, paper, cardboard, glass and cans.

In the face of the 2022 water shortage in Nuevo Leon, Mexico, Coca Cola and its bottling partners responded quickly to implement additional measures including rehabilitating 15 public water wells, with the goal of expanding water access to families throughout the city of Monterrey and its more than 5 million inhabitants.

We also continued to provide clean drinking water, at all times, free of charge, to local families through an outdoor faucet at the Topo Chico bottling plant.

Funded by The Coca Cola Foundation, the Safe Water project in.

Pucusana, Peru, focused on providing running water systems for the soup kitchens in the district, guaranteeing adequate hygienic conditions for meal preparation.

The project installed elevated water tanks and piping for each community kitchen, allowing proper washing of the ingredients.

Safe Water for Pucusana has installed 19 running water systems, guaranteeing safe meal preparation for more than 1,600 neighbors and users of the community kitchens.

Giants or Peque os Gigantes campaign in Latin America to encourage consumers to buy from their local store or market.

The project demonstrates the importance of these mini markets in every neighborhood and the role of consumers and companies to contribute to their growth.

Rica, Guatemala, the Dominican Republic and other countries in Latin America as part of our efforts to promote the economic development and empowerment of the traditional trade.

Note: See pages 72 74 for reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under U.S. GAAP.

The company gained value share in total nonalcoholic ready to drink beverages for the year, driven by the continued recovery in away from home channels along with strong performance in at home channels for sparkling soft drinks and value added dairy beverages.

In 2022, Sprite began shifting all of its plastic packaging from green to clear, which helps with the recycling process and increases the material’s likelihood of being remade into new beverage bottles.

Coca Cola North America’s entire green plastic portfolio including packaging for Fresca, Seagram’s and Mello Yello is also making the transition to clear PET.

The Coca Cola Company donated 2 million to support the Smithsonian’s landmark new National Museum of the American Latino and Molina.

The museum will showcase Latino achievements and stories in U.S. art, history, culture and science, and will be built over a 10 year period.

Minute Maid launched Aguas Frescas, a Latin American inspired, noncarbonated beverage made with real fruit juices and natural flavors.

The juice drinks deliver a bold, refreshing AF sensorial experience tailored to Gen Z tastes.

In Canada, this innovation spans all DASANI bottles.

Note: See pages 72 74 for reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under U.S. GAAP.

Global Ventures includes Costa Limited (Costa), Monster beverages, innocent, and do adan tea.

The majority of Global Ventures’ revenue consists of Costa and innocent, which together account for approximately 90% of total Global Ventures’ revenue.

To celebrate the Christmas spirit, Costa launched.

Costa Expressions, a unique platform that celebrates and nurtures young artists in India.

Coffee Shop in the UK for the 12th consecutive year, according to a World Coffee Portal survey.

In 2022, innocent launched its Revitalise super smoothie, the lowest sugar smoothie recipe it has ever launched.

It has 11% less sugar than the brand’s other super smoothies.

In 2022, innocent launched the Big Rewild, its first pan European campaign to give nature a helping hand.

Together with 11 NGOs and local organizations, innocent is aiming to protect and restore 2 million hectares of land by 2025.

In 2022, do adan made all packaging for its tea products plastic free and added a plant based.

In January 2006, our company owned bottling operations were brought together to form the Bottling Investments Group, or BIG.

BIG ensures these operations receive the appropriate investments and expertise to foster long term success.

Our current footprint of bottlers exists in Southeast and Southwest Asia, the Middle East, and parts of Africa.

We continue to drive strong performance within BIG while maximizing returns on our investments.

Strengthened supply chain resilience and operational efficiency.

This 2022 Business Sustainability Report is The Coca Cola Company’s fifth report to integrate overall business and sustainability performance, data and context, reflecting our continued journey toward driving sustainable business practices into our core strategy.

This report has been prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option.

In addition, we provide indices for the standards set by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and the United Nations Guiding Principles Reporting Framework (UNGPRF).

Limited assurance under attestation standards American Institute of Certified Public Accountants over select sustainability metrics was obtained from Ernst Young LLP (as indicated in the Independent Accountant’s Review Report).

Except as otherwise noted, this report covers the 2022 performance of The Coca Cola Company and the Coca Cola system (our company and our owned and independent bottling partners), as applicable.

Therefore, references to currently, to date or similar expressions reflect data and information as of December 31, 2022.

Some initiatives that were launched in early 2023 are included to provide the most relevant information to stakeholders.

In this report, any use of the terms material, materiality, immaterial, substantive, significant and other similar terminology refers to topics that reflect important economic, environmental and social impacts of The Coca Cola Company or the Coca Cola system or to topics or standards designated as material or substantive under the GHG Protocol, GRI or SASB standards.

These terms as used in this report are not used, or intended to be construed, as they have been defined by or construed in accordance with the securities laws or any other laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, or as these terms are used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting.

The data presented in this report is collected using accepted and relevant scientific and industry accepted methodologies, which in some instances, are based on assumptions and estimates.

Although our data has been internally vetted, there are inherent uncertainties and limitations in the collection and presentation of our data.

For example, certain information in this report regarding the Coca Cola system’s progress against our sustainability goals comes from third party sources and operations outside of our control.

While we believe such information is reasonably accurate and is based on generally accepted principles and methodology, the collection of this data is beyond our direct influence.

In addition, the achievement of certain of our sustainability goals and targets that are discussed in this report are dependent on the actions of our bottling partners, suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control.

Historical performance data may be revised due to reasons such as new data availability industry driven changes to methodologies improvement in data collection and measuring systems or activities such as joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions or divestitures.

In cases where historical information is revised, we will footnote the change with a clear explanation.

Statements about future developments and past occurrences are based on information and assumptions available as of the date of publication.

While we are committed to providing timely updates, the company holds no obligation to update information or statements.

The Coca Cola Company common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, traded under the ticker symbol KO.

The company has been one of the 30 companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since 1987.

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 4.33 billion shares outstanding and 188,068 shareowners of record.

At its February 2023 meeting, the Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend 4.5% to 0.46 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of 1.84, up from 1.76 in 2022.

The company has increased its dividend per share in each of the last 61 years.

Dividends are normally paid four times a year, usually in April, July, October and December.

The company has paid 407 consecutive dividends, beginning in 1920.

Computershare Trust Company, N.A., sponsors and administers a direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan for common stock of The Coca Cola Company.

The Computershare Investment Plan allows investors to directly purchase and sell shares of company common stock and reinvest dividends.

To view or request plan materials please log on to www.computershare.

For account access via the internet, please log on to www.computershare.com investor.

Once registered, shareowners can view account history and complete transactions online.

If you are a shareowner of record, you have an opportunity to help the environment by signing up to receive your shareowner communications, including proxy materials, account statements and tax forms, electronically.

To enroll in e delivery, please log on to your account at www.computershare.com investor and click on View and update your profile and then click on Communication Preferences.

As a thank you, the company will have a tree planted on your behalf through American Forests.

This report may contain statements, estimates or projections that constitute forward looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws.

Generally, the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, project, will and similar expressions identify forward looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature.

Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause The Coca Cola Company’s actual results to differ materially from its historical experience and our present expectations or projections.

These risks include, but are not limited to, unfavorable economic and geopolitical conditions, including the direct or indirect negative impacts of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine increased competition an inability to be successful in our innovation activities changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers an inability to expand our business in emerging and developing markets an inability to successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives an inability to attract or retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce disruption of our supply chain, including increased commodity, raw material, packaging, energy, transportation and other input costs the negative impacts of, and continuing uncertainties associated with the scope, severity and duration of the global COVID 19 pandemic and the substance and pace of the post pandemic economic recovery an inability to successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations or an inability realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures or strategic relationships failure by our third party service providers and business partners to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities an inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages, labor shortages or labor unrest obesity and other health related concerns evolving consumer product and shopping preferences product safety and quality concerns perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients, such as non nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging materials failure to digitalize the Coca Cola system damage to our brand image, corporate reputation and social license to operate from negative publicity, whether or not warranted, concerning product safety or quality, workplace and human rights, obesity or other issues an inability to successfully manage new product launches an inability to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners deterioration in our bottling partners’ financial condition an inability to successfully manage our refranchising activities increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax matters, including the outcome of our ongoing tax dispute or any related disputes with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) the possibility that the assumptions used to calculate our estimated aggregate incremental tax and interest liability related to the potential unfavorable outcome of the ongoing tax dispute with the IRS could significantly change increased or new indirect taxes changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products litigation or legal proceedings conducting business in markets with high risk legal compliance environments failure to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, formulas and other intellectual property rights changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates interest rate increases an inability to achieve our overall long term growth objectives default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions impairment charges an inability to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or cybersecurity incidents failure to comply with privacy and data protection laws failure to achieve our sustainability goals and targets or accurately report our progress due to operational, financial, legal and other risks, many of which are outside our control and are dependent on the actions of our bottling partners and other third parties increasing concerns about the environmental impact of plastic bottles and other packaging materials water scarcity and poor quality increased demand for food products, decreased agricultural productivity and increased regulation of ingredient sourcing due diligence climate change and legal or regulatory responses thereto adverse weather conditions and other risks discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which filing is available from the SEC.

You should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements.

To respond to stakeholder interest and provide greater disclosure and transparency, we have prepared this Data Appendix.

It provides additional financial and sustainability data, including performance data for our sustainability goals as well as other important topics.

Some data provided is for The Coca Cola Company, while some is for the Coca Cola system.

Coca Cola FEMSA operates in Mexico and nine other countries in Central America and South America.

Coca Cola Europacific Partners Coca Cola Europacific Partners is the second largest independent Coca Cola bottler by volume and the largest independent bottler by revenues, operating in 29 countries in Europe and the South Pacific serving a population of more than 600 million people.

Coca Cola HBC AG (Coca Cola Hellenic) Coca Cola Hellenic is the third largest independent Coca Cola bottler by volume, operating in 29 countries across three continents serving a population of more than 715 million people.

Coca Cola Icecek A.S. Coca Cola Icecek is one of the largest independent Coca Cola bottlers, with operations in 11 countries across Eurasia and the Middle East serving a population of more than 430 million people.

In 2017, Coca Cola West Co., Ltd. and Coca Cola East Japan Co., Ltd. integrated their businesses to establish Coca Cola Bottlers Japan, the largest Coca Cola bottler in Japan, serving a population of more than 100 million people.

The company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP or referred to herein as reported ).

However, management believes that certain non GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends.

Management also uses these non GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating, compensation and planning decisions and in evaluating the company’s performance.

Non GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Our non GAAP financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting.

For additional details regarding the reconciliation of GAAP and non GAAP financial measures below, see the company’s Current Reports on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on Feb. 14, 2023, Feb. 10, 2022, Feb. 10, 2021 and Jan. 30, 2020.

This information is also available in the Investors section of the company’s website, www.coca colacompany.com.

Note: Certain columns may not add due to rounding.

The company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP or referred to herein as reported ).

However, management believes that certain non GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends.

Management also uses these non GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating, compensation and planning decisions and in evaluating the company’s performance.

Non GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Our non GAAP financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting.

For additional details regarding the reconciliation of GAAP and non GAAP financial measures below, see the company’s Current Reports on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on Feb. 14, 2023, Feb. 10, 2022, Feb. 10, 2021 and Jan. 30, 2020.

This information is also available in the Investors section of the company’s website, www.coca colacompany.com.

Cash flow conversion ratio is calculated by dividing net cash provided by operating activities by net income attributable to shareowners of The Coca Cola Company.

The company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP or referred to herein as reported ).

However, management believes that certain non GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends.

Management also uses these non GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating, compensation and planning decisions and in evaluating the company’s performance.

Non GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Our non GAAP financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting.

For additional details regarding the reconciliation of GAAP and non GAAP financial measures below, see the company’s Current Reports on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on Feb. 14, 2023, Feb. 10, 2022, Feb. 10, 2021 and Jan. 30, 2020.

This information is also available in the Investors section of the company’s website, www.coca colacompany.com.

Note: Certain columns may not add due to rounding.

Front of Package Labeling Provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of all of our packages.

This is the focused scope of Primary Consumer Packaging (PET, Glass, Cans, Cartons).

These changes are designed to integrate a more accurate dataset, including primary data where it is available.

Moving forward, we expect that these numbers will continue to evolve as data sources improve, at the same time that we work to increase rates of recycled material use.

With better data available, we expanded the metric to encompass all of our packaging types, including beverage cartons, juice boxes and pouches, etc.

Collection rates are determined by country for each packaging type based on either national studies (approximately 82%), plant standards (approximately 17%), and internal estimates (approximately 1%).

Substantially all replenish data is internally validated and verified the equivalent volume for 100% Replenish rate (182.9 Billion litres BL) is externally assured.

Peer reviewed methodologies were used to calculate volumetric benefits per project and operating unit for all externally assured data one exception was approved for internally validated and verified data.

The replenish benefit is typically estimated as a long term, average annual volume, but for some project activities it varies annually.

Replenish benefits fall under three categories: Watershed Protection and Restoration (233.5 BL), Water for Productive Use (40.9 BL) and Water Access and Sanitation (17.4 BL).

Due to joint venture or merger and acquisition activities in 2019 2022, certain brands may not be accounted for in this metric.

Unless otherwise stated, in this report finished beverages is based on global sales volume.

Note: Due to joint venture or merger and acquisition activities, certain brands may not be accounted for in The Coca Cola Company specific metrics included on this page.

The direct, Scope 1 and indirect Scope 1 manufacturing emissions results shown in this section exclude fugitive emissions and flavor manufacturing plants.

However, for the system wide GHG results reported, these emissions sources are included.

Our CDP reporting is aligned with an operational control approach as defined by the GHG Protocol, which includes only emissions from activities within The Coca Cola Company’s operational control as Scope 1 and 2 emissions, while manufacturing emissions from franchise bottlers are categorized as Scope 3 Franchises .

Note: Due to joint venture or merger and acquisition activities, certain brands may not be accounted for in The Coca Cola Company specific metrics included on this page.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

Bottling Investments is an operating segment with employees located in two of our four geographic operating segments.

Numbers are approximate and as of December 31, 2022.

This data excludes Bottling Investments, Costa, fairlife and BODYARMOR employees.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

For exclusions, please view the criteria statement in the Independent Accountants’ Review Report.

Includes reports and allegations raised through The Coca Cola Company’s Human Rights Policy reporting process.

Therefore, the reported figure includes only those allegations that required investigations only as opposed to generalized questions raised to Employee Relations.

Please note, however, that all questions presented to Employee Relations were answered even if the question did not warrant an investigation.

While we previously reported on all cases and questions raised through our case management tool, we no longer capture that data.

This helps us to ensure that we have more accurate visibility to annual Human Rights cases.

This change accounts for the 2019 variance when compared to previous years.

Data reported for 2022 represents key ingredients that are sustainably sourced to our Leader standard in line with our PSA.

How a company contributes to or engages with efforts in favor of or against policies and laws.

This involves lobbying on issues such as taxes, trade policies, and regulation, including on sustainability issues.

It also encompasses corporate stances and actions on social issues and world events.

How a company implements policies and procedures surrounding compliant and lawful corporate conduct and competition in the marketplace.

Includes the systems and channels in place to collect, process, and address complaints regarding suspected violations.

How a company monitors risks and opportunities derived from emerging policies and laws and interacts with governments and political bodies to shape or respond to them.

How a company implements policies to sustainably manage, preserve, and restore the variety of living organisms on earth for the benefit of human beings, the planet, and climate.

Involves the effects of the production of agricultural raw materials used in a company’s system and value chain on biodiversity.

How a company implements policies and standards that determine how it operates, including its business strategy and goals, risk management, and sustainability integration.

Includes the processes for ensuring the knowledge, skills, experience and diversity of board members.

How a company discloses robust and credible sustainability data based on globally accepted metrics in the face of increasing calls for sustainability data and assurance.

How a company manages the digital landscape, evolving shopping preferences and patterns, incorporating technology into business processes, and the enhanced capacity to conduct operations online.

Also involves measures to ensure the necessary skills transformation of their workers and those in their value chain.

How a company responds to and aligns with evolving consumer preferences and concerns, including health, wellness, and nutrition considerations, expectations of transparency, as well as increased demand for sustainable products.

How a company manages potential disruptions to business operations, including the workforce and supply chains, caused by geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions, social issues, including rising inequality or refugee migration, demographic changes, or economic crises.

Also involves anticipating and adapting to changing environments to ensure the necessary skills transformation of their workers and those in their value chain.

How a company protects and remediates information systems and networks from accidental or illegal breaches.

Also includes how information is collected, used and transferred and respecting a data subject's privacy rights.

How a company is able to continually transform business operations and develop products in response to increasing competitive pressure in the marketplace.

How a company manages the impact its products have on the health and nutrition of consumers, not only in relation to the product offering, but also in relation to education, information, and research.

How a company respects the rights of employees, workers in the supply chain, consumers, and communities the company interacts with.

Includes alignment with human rights due diligence principles in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Labor Rights Relations How a company upholds worker's rights, including stipulations of employment, working conditions, and freedom of association.

How a company implements policies, practices, and training in place to mitigate risks and uphold workplace health and safety.

How a company manages the physical impacts and risks of climate change due to changes in weather patterns and increased frequency and severity of natural disasters, which could decrease agricultural productivity, exacerbate water scarcity, impair production capabilities, disrupt the supply chain, and impact demand for products.

Also incorporates transition risks and the ability to manage and adapt to new policies and markets connected to the low carbon economy transition.

How a company manages its direct and indirect emissions of greenhouse gases throughout the value chain, and mitigates contributions to climate change in line with net zero methodologies.

Examples of this include transition to renewable energy, use of alternative fuels, and energy efficiency through new equipment and processes, such as HFC free equipment, as well as through reducing the environmental footprint of buildings and facilities across their life cycles.

How a company supports a circular economy, such as reusable recyclable materials, collection and recycling, partnerships and innovation.

Involves integrating sustainability considerations in the production and consumption of products and services across a company, system and value chain.

How a company manages the waste and effluents generated from operations that are not able to be reused or recycled, and the associated management practices.

Product Quality Safety How a company meets industry and consumer standards for quality and safety.

This includes both fulfilling consumers' needs and complying with food safety, considering ingredients and their effects on health, and relevant certifications that verify environmental or social aspects of products.

How a company responsibly and accurately sells and markets products and communicates with consumers.

Includes compliance with marketing regulations and restrictions (e.g., not marketing to children under 13).

How a company manages water resources in order to meet business and community needs.

Includes a company's processes for water withdrawal, water use rights, mitigating water risk, and replenishing water used in a system and value chain.

How a company markets alcohol products, engages in alcohol responsibility programs, and shares information with consumers about alcohol so that they can make informed decisions.

Also includes responsible guidelines for associates and partners.

How a company ensures there is diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workforce and throughout the value chain.

It also includes how business operations approach diversity, equity and inclusion through marketing, sales and corporate citizenship.

How a company sets policies, controls and market incentives in place to procure goods and raw materials that have been produced respecting the environment, workers and communities.

Includes efforts to have a positive impact and ensure alignment by suppliers and distributors with sustainability policies.

How a company recruits, engages, and maintains employees in the face of increasing competition for talent and the evolving expectations from workers on the future of work and generational mindsets.

It also includes the strategies in place to maintain a diverse workforce.

How a company implements policies and procedures in its agricultural supply chain to have a net positive impact in an attempt to mitigate the impacts of climate change.

Involves an approach to farming that aims to improve soil health and preserve biodiversity.

How a company implements practices and policies surrounding the physical and emotional treatment of animals involved in business operations along the value chain.

How a company identifies, involves, and communicates with certain groups of people who may impact or be impacted by business activities, and building trust based relationships.

How a company manages business and sustainability partnerships with The Coca Cola Company’s bottling partners (e.g., independent entities responsible for manufacturing and or distributing Coca Cola packaged beverage products).

How a company manages business and sustainability partnerships, opportunities and challenges.

This includes ensuring compliance with anti corruption provisions, and relevant business and sustainability policies and regulations.

How a company positively or negatively impacts communities with which it interacts through its operations and business transactions, including in the value chain, as well as voluntary community initiatives.

In a separate PDF document available soon, we index the contents of this report to several reporting frameworks and standards.

GRI provides a globally recognized framework for companies to measure and communicate their environmental, economic, social and governance performance.

We prepared this report in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option.

This is the twelfth consecutive year that these reporting principles have informed our reporting process, and we regularly assess our progress against these guidelines.

For all other indicators, the scope is identified in the referenced documents.

Beyond reporting on performance indicators required by the GRI, we report on additional indicators important to our broad range of stakeholders.

This report also meets the requirements of the UNGC Advanced Communication on Progress and aligns with the UNGPRF, which addresses reporting on human rights.

We review our reporting regularly and aim to be as responsive as possible to our stakeholders’ feedback.