ALL IN ALL IN
ALL IN
ALL IN 

OUR RELENTLESS
PURSUIT OF
PROGRESS

IN

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report
T-Mobile US, Inc.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

WHAT’S INSIDE

26

Celebrating our people at T-Mobile

Connect with T-Mobile

This report is aligned to the world’s most widely used standard  
for sustainability reporting—the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards, as well as Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) Standards for our industry. It covers the operations and 
activities of T-Mobile US, Inc. for the calendar year 2021 (January 1  
to December 31) unless otherwise noted. Find out more about  
the numbers and small print.

4 

3 Our Company
CEO Statement
3 
About T-Mobile
ESG Approach
ESG and Industry Trends
5G Innovation

10 

11 

6 

28 

26 Our People
 2021 Highlights
27 
 Our Culture
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
 Employee Engagement, Learning,  
and Development
 Health, Safety, and Wellness

38 

35 

29 

13 Our Governance
2021 Highlights
14 
Ethical Business Practices

15 
18  Corporate Governance
19  Business Continuity
20  Data Privacy
22  Cybersecurity
23  Responsible Supply Chain

40 Our Communities
2021 Highlights
41 
42  Digital Equity
47  Philanthropy
50  Disaster Relief

52 The Environment
2021 Highlights
53 
54  Climate Change
56  Energy Management
58  Waste and Recycling
59  Product Lifecycle Management
61  Natural Resources Management

404040

Giving bag backck tck t tooo    
GivinGiving ba
mmunityyy
the communit
the communit
the co

63 The Numbers and Small Print
65  Notes About This Report
66  ESG Data

T-Mobile Material Topic Definitions

70 
71  GRI Index
88  SASB Index

52

Caring for our 
environment

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

CEO Statement

A WORD FROM OUR CEO, MIKE

T-Mobile’s mission is to be the best in the
world at connecting customers to their
world. It is at the heart of who we are, driving
our obsession to enable more people in more
places to have access to the connectivity
shaping virtually all aspects of modern life
—and making it our priority to not leave
anyone behind.

It goes without saying that the last few years have been 
challenging—for our customers, our employees, and 
society as a whole. And, when I look ahead, I see 
economic, political, and societal tides that will continue 
to test our resolve and spirit as a company, country, and 
as human beings living together in our shared world. 
But it’s also during these times that I’m more convinced 
about our mission than ever—because it’s our need for 
connection—to one another and to our community—
that makes us human. And that’s what T-Mobile is all 
about—we connect people. 

That’s why we are investing so heavily to further 
extend our unrivaled 5G leadership with our 
transformative network. It’s also why we are so proud 
of, and committed to, Project 10Million, our landmark 
five-year initiative to provide free or heavily subsidized 
connectivity to under-connected households with 
school-aged children across the U.S. 

3

However, none of this comes to life without our 
employees, the heart and soul of our company and the 
key to our success. They are the passionate champions 
for our customers. They are diverse and engaged 
representatives of our communities. And it’s our 
employees who are the foundation of our iconic and 
vibrant Magenta culture. 

Two years after our historic merger with Sprint, we 
continue to invest in the growth and well-being of our 
employees and the health of our culture. Foundational 
to this work is our long-standing commitment to 
diversity, equity, and inclusion. I am proud of the open, 
diverse, and “be you” culture that we foster at 
T-Mobile. And we are constantly striving to do more.
This work remains a focus as we continue on our path
to lead by example, put people first, and provide the
best opportunities, within the best culture, to
everyone that works at T-Mobile.

Finally, being in the business of connecting people 
comes with great responsibility. We are resolute in our 
commitment to operate responsibly, with integrity, and 
with a focus on the well-being of our communities and 
planet. I’m immensely proud that T-Mobile sources 
renewable energy equivalent to 100% of our electricity 
usage—a first for our industry. And in 2021 alone, 
we invested over $1.8B in order to strengthen our 
communities through funding and in-kind support. 

As we enter a new era of Un-carrier, we’re committed 
to being an even greater force for good in wireless and 
the world in which we live. We know that we can’t be 
the best at connecting customers to their world 
without being prepared to change our industry, and 
the world, for the better. We didn’t earn our Un-carrier 
stripes by shying away from doing the right thing, and 
it’s why T-Mobile has pledged to use our expanded 
network, scale, and resources to deliver 5G for All and 
create a connected world where everyone can thrive. 

MIKE SIEVERT
CEO
T-Mobile US, Inc.
@MikeSievert

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

About T-Mobile

UNSTOPPABLE UN-CARRIER

Today, we’re leading the U.S. wireless 
industry with America’s ONLY nationwide 
stand-alone 5G network, unmatched value, 
and unwavering customer love. As we enter  
a new era of Un-carrier, we are continuing 
to focus on doing what’s right for our 
customers and building a more sustainable, 
inclusive future for all. 

To learn more about T-Mobile’s economic 
contribution and business strategy, view 
our Annual Report.

108.7M 
customers
Including 646,000 High 
Speed Internet customers 
(as of December 31, 2021)

America’s 
Largest 5G 
Network
Our Extended Range 5G 
covers 310 million people or 
94% of the U.S. population 
(as of December 31, 2021)

America’s 
Fastest 5G 
Network*
Delivering speeds faster 
than Wi-Fi to more people 
than any other wireless 
provider**

Providing services,  
devices, and accessories 
across our flagship brand 
T-Mobile
and prepaid brand 
Metro  
by T-Mobile

Headquartered 
in Bellevue, 
WA & Overland 
Park, KS
with corporate offices in 
Frisco, TX; Atlanta, GA; Reston, 
VA; and other locations

4

* 
 Fastest based on median, overall combined 5G speeds according to analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data 5G download speeds for Q4 2021. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.
**   Based on analysis by T-Mobile of Speedtest Intelligence® data from Ookla® U.S. median 5G T-Mobile speed tests from cities with 2.5GHz compared to mobile Wi-Fi results for Q4 2021. Ookla® trademarks used under license

and reprinted with permission.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

About T-Mobile Continued

WHAT MAKES 
US  DIFFERENT?

OUR MISSION

BE BEST IN THE WORLD

 AT CONNECTING CUSTOMERS TO THEIR WORLD

OUR VISION

#1

5

IN CUSTOMER CHOICE
IN CUSTOMERS’ HEARTS

OUR VALUES

Love Our 
Customers

One Team, 
Together

We don’t just do customer service. 
We do customer love. Simply put, 
their “happy” is our “happy.”

Do It the 
Right Way, 
Always

We celebrate each other. Listen to 
and empower each other. INCLUDE 
each other. We value what each 
person brings. That’s how we win.

We do the right thing. For our 
customers, our shareholders, 
society and each other. Every time.

Dream 
BIG and 
Deliver

We 
Won’t 
STOP

We aim high. We step out. Take smart 
risks, and own our results. We act like 
owners because we ARE owners.

We are relentless. Striving. Never 
complacent. We find a way, busting 
down barriers. We don’t wait for 
change, we make it.

THE  ENVIRONMENTTHE NUMBERS AND SMALL PRINTOUR GOVERNANCEOUR COMMUNITIESOUR PEOPLE2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Approach

How We  
Drive Impact 

Our business has a big impact on the  
way society lives, works, learns, and  
engages with the world. That’s why our 
environmental, social, and governance  
(ESG) approach is guided by a simple  
yet bold aspiration to create a connected 
world where everyone can thrive. 

That means responsibly operating our business  
to create long-term value for our most important 
stakeholders, while never losing sight of our 
opportunity to leverage our size, scale, technology,  
and the power of our brand to be a force for good.

We actively manage and address a range of ESG 
matters—from providing equitable access to 
connectivity, to championing diversity, equity,  
and inclusion in our workforce and society, and 
sustainably managing our environmental footprint  
as we continue to grow our business. Fundamental  
to this work is our ongoing commitment to responsible 
business practices that promote accountability, 
transparency, and ethical conduct.

6

THE ELEMENTS OF 
OUR ESG APPROACH

Equitable 
Opportunities
We are loud and proud champions and 
advocates of diversity, equity, and inclusion 
—within our walls and out in the world.  
We are a stronger company when every 
employee feels valued for who they are  
and equipped to constantly innovate  
and offer the best for our customers.  
That’s why we’re committed to providing 
equitable opportunities for all.

Digital 
Empowerment
We connect people. It’s our mission and our 
passion, because we fundamentally believe 
that access to connectivity and the digital skills 
to navigate our world have become two of the 
most important differentiators of societal 
equity today. That’s why we’re empowering 
people with essential connections, tools, 
and skills needed to succeed in today’s 
digital world. 

Thriving 
Planet
We recognize that our innovative products and 
services that provide connectivity to our 
customers also have an impact on the 
environment. By taking bold steps now to reduce 
our environmental footprint, we can help create 
a more sustainable future for everyone.  
That’s why we’re mobilizing our resources, 
people, and partnerships to support 
a thriving planet.

  For more information visit p.26

  For more information visit p.39

  For more information visit p.52

Responsible Business

Underpinning our strategic areas of focus is our commitment to doing things the right way, 
always. That means being uncompromising in our ethical code and upholding strong 
corporate governance policies and practices that help us earn and keep the trust of our 
customers, employees, and the communities we serve. Winning is important to us—but 
how we get there matters.

 For more information visit p.13

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Approach Continued

ESG Oversight

Oversight of our progress on ESG issues 
that are important to our business and 
our stakeholders occurs at the highest 
levels of our company. This encourages 
stronger consideration of ESG matters 
when making decisions and improves 
cross-functional collaboration.

7

OUR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
T-Mobile Board of Directors 
Oversees and reviews management activities and advises on long-term and strategic issues,  
with a view to enhancing the long-term value of T-Mobile. Outside of the regular cadence  
of briefings, periodically receives additional updates on enterprise risk, cybersecurity,  
and other notable ESG matters from management and Board committees.

Audit Committee 

Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee 

Assists the Board in oversight of T-Mobile’s risk assessment, 
risk management policies, and compliance with T-Mobile’s 
Code of Ethics. Receives enterprise risk updates four times 
a year, including on risks relating to network resilience and 
business continuity, cybersecurity, and data privacy.  
Receives an annual fraud risk assessment.

Provides oversight of T-Mobile’s compliance and ethics program, 
cybersecurity, data privacy, sustainability, and corporate social 
responsibility initiatives. Receives quarterly briefings on key ESG 
topics, emerging trends, and progress, including cybersecurity 
and infrastructure security. Receives an annual update on 
political contributions and charitable spending.

Executive Management 
T-Mobile executives provide oversight of critical ESG issues, risks, and progress on initiatives. 
Key executives provide updates to the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee. Executives co-lead and serve on internal cross-functional committees to drive enterprise-
wide alignment and to provide strategic guidance and effective oversight of key issues.

Key Cross-Functional Executive Management Committees

Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee • Information Security and Privacy Council

Equity In Action Leadership Task Force • Sustainability Steering Committee • Charitable Giving 

Steering Committee • Data Privacy Steering Committee and Security Steering Committee

DE&I Internal Oversight Committee

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Approach Continued

Stakeholder 
Engagement

As the Un-carrier, we changed the 
wireless industry by listening and 
responding to our customers. 
We take the same approach  
to inform our ESG strategy by 
understanding what is important to 
our key stakeholders—customers, 
employees, community partners, 
suppliers, and shareholders.

By gathering input through a variety of 
formal and informal channels, we can 
better understand what our stakeholders 
care about and where they see us having 
the greatest impact and influence. This 
helps better align our actions with the 
priorities most relevant for our industry 
and our business.

ESG MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
One of the most important tools we use to listen 
to our stakeholders is a third-party ESG materiality 
assessment. Conducted every couple of years, this 
assessment directly asks our leaders, employees, 
customers, and other key stakeholders to rank  
the ESG issues they care about and tell us what  
topics they think are most important for T-Mobile 
to address.

  See our most recent ESG materiality assessment.

SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
T-Mobile believes in frequent, consistent, and 
transparent communication with shareholders.  
Our senior management and investor relations team 
engage extensively and regularly with shareholders  
on topics that include ESG matters. Engagement takes 
place through one-on-one conversations and group 
meetings, major industry conferences, quarterly 
earnings, and through T-Mobile’s first Analyst Day, which 
we hosted in March 2021.

8

EXTERNAL DIVERSITY AND 
INCLUSION COUNCIL
T-Mobile partners with our External Diversity and 
Inclusion Council to help guide and support our Equity 
In Action (EIA) objectives. The Council includes leaders 
from the National Urban League, League of United 
Latin American Citizens, National Action Network, 
Unidos U.S., OCA-Asian-Pacific American Advocates, 
Asian Americans Advancing Justice, Human Rights 
Campaign, National Organization on Disability, National 
Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 
National Diversity Coalition, and Multicultural Media, 
Telecom and Internet Council.

EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS 
AND LOCAL DE&I CHAPTERS
The passionate and dedicated volunteer leaders of our 
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) identify diversity, 
equity, and inclusion (DE&I) opportunities where our 
company can make the biggest impact. T-Mobile has six 
ERGs with four sub-affinity groups and 50+ local DE&I 
Chapters around the country. In addition to hosting 
events, these groups provide a forum for ongoing 
dialogue and feedback on important issues to ensure 
that diverse voices across the company are heard.

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
Community engagement and feedback is important to 
our business. That’s why we work to foster strong 
relations with local communities and external partners 
so that we’re informed of critical issues impacting our 
customers, company, and industry. By consulting with 
local officials, community partners, and industry 
associations about our business and potential impact, we 
can incorporate feedback into key initiatives and 
champion change where it’s needed most. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Approach Continued

ESG Materiality 
Assessment

T-Mobile’s most recent ESG materiality 
assessment took place in 2021 after our 
merger with Sprint to ensure a timely and 
full picture of the evolving ESG landscape. 

The assessment included an analysis of emerging  
ESG trends and standards, survey responses from 
employees and customers, and in-depth interviews 
with internal and external stakeholders, including 
investors, suppliers, community partners, and 
advocacy organizations. This allowed us to identify 
and prioritize the most significant ESG issues for our 
business and stakeholders.

Governance topics such as digital privacy and 
security and ethical business practices scored high. 
Critical areas of social impact, like digital equity, 
employee diversity and inclusion, human rights, and 
health, safety, and wellness, rose to the top. Finally, 
climate change and waste and recycling were among 
the top environmental issues. 

9

The Key Findings
The ESG topics identified as most significant in the assessment are 
listed below in order of their relevance in the materiality matrixi.

Details of these topics are 
covered in the following sections:

GOVERNANCE

1.  Digital security and privacy

2.  Ethical business practices

3.  Human rights

4.  Open internet and 

competitive behavior

SOCIAL

5.  Business continuity and 
network resilience

6.  Sustainable and responsible 

supply chain

7.  Responsible marketing

8.  Corporate governance

9.  Economic contribution

10. Partnerships and collaboration

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

1.  Health, wellness, and safety

4.  Responsible use of products 

2.  Digital equity

3.  Employee diversity 

(equity and inclusion)

ENVIRONMENTAL

and services

5.  Philanthropy and community 

engagement

1.  Greenhouse gas emissions and 

3.  Natural resources management 

climate change

and conservation

2.  Waste and recycling

4.  Energy management

5.  Product lifecycle management

 See our complete list of ESG topics and definitions.

The information disclosed on these ESG topics in this report should not be 
considered a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of such 
topics. For more information, please see Notes About This Report. 

EQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIES

DIGITAL EMPOWERMENT

THRIVING PLANET

i  T-Mobile, 2020. 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report. T-Mobile, p.51.

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OOUURR  
CCOMOMPPAANYNY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG and Industry Trends

Anticipating 
Change in a  
Fast-Moving 
World

Both our industry and our world are 
moving and changing quickly. T-Mobile  
is positioned at the forefront of 
technologies driving change, including 
the transformational capabilities of 5G. 
Through innovation, investment, and a 
constant eye on emerging trends, we can 
better deliver on both the current and 
future needs of our customers, while 
never losing sight of our commitment 
to responsible business practices.

These are some of the key ESG and 
industry trends on our radar and how 
we are tackling them.

10

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IS 
GROWING EVER MORE IMPORTANT

EVOLVING EMPLOYEE EXPECTATIONS  
REDEFINE PRIORITIES FOR COMPANIES

5G INNOVATION IS OPENING  
UP NEW ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES

In an era of 24/7 connectivity, delivering on customer 
expectations is more important than ever. That’s why 
the customer-obsessed heroes who make up Team 
Magenta are our most powerful differentiator. Because 
of their dedication to our customer-first approach, 
T-Mobile is consistently recognized for providing 
amazing customer service across our flagship brand, 
T-Mobile, and our prepaid brand, Metro by T-Mobile. 

  Find out more about what makes Team Magenta 
and our culture different in our Culture section.

IT TAKES PUBLIC AND PRIVATE 
SUPPORT TO ADEQUATELY ADDRESS 
THE DIGITAL DIVIDE

Internet infrastructure is an essential part of a digitally 
inclusive society, but it’s just one piece of the puzzle. 
Affordability, access, and digital proficiency are all 
important factors that require action from both the 
private sector and government. As the U.S. takes steps 
to close the digital divide, including a $65 billion 
investment to improve broadband infrastructure 
through the American Jobs Plan, at T-Mobile, we’re 
continuing our critical efforts to support digital equity 
through our five-year $10.7B Project 10Million 
commitment.

 Find out more about how T-Mobile is supporting 
digital inclusion and empowerment and connecting 
millions of students who lack home internet through 
Project 10Million. 

Not surprisingly, the last two years have had a profound 
impact on employee health, well-being, and 
engagement. Navigating the pandemic and resulting 
personal, family, and professional stressors have 
impacted everything from employee health and 
wellness to workplace expectations. At T-Mobile we’ve 
always prioritized our employees and take the time to 
listen to their feedback on a range of topics, including 
workplace flexibility, health and safety, and career 
development. We have doubled-down on opportunities 
for career growth and increased mental health 
offerings, among other investments.

 Find out more about how we enable Team 
Magenta to thrive through DE&I initiatives and 
learning and career development.

TELECOMMUNICATION COMPANIES 
PRIORITIZING MORE EFFICIENT AND 
SUSTAINABLE ENERGY

Telcos in the U.S. and overseas are accelerating their 
actions on climate and sustainability. An important area of 
focus is around sustainable energy management, which 
includes shifting to renewable sources of power, adopting 
energy-efficient measures and new technology available 
for 5G networks, and developing services that allow 
customers to reduce their carbon footprint, such as Work 
From Anywhere and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions, 
fleet management, and device recycling.

 Find out more about our sustainable energy 

management and device recycling work.

5G’s faster speeds and greater bandwidth are 
powering incredible innovation potential and 
economic gains. In fact, it is forecasted that 5G’s 
impact on the global economy will count for more 
than $1.3 trillion by 2030ii. Not only can the power  
of 5G help companies grow their businesses,  
but it can also fundamentally change the way  
some industries operate. We can expect to see 
transformations fueled by 5G in manufacturing, 
healthcare, financial services, utilities, and of course, 
consumer and media applications. 

 Find out more about how T-Mobile is responding 

and contributing to 5G-powered innovation in the 
next section.

BUILDING RESPONSIBLE, 
TRANSPARENT SUPPLY CHAINS

Recent years have continued to underscore the 
importance of responsible supply chain management. 
Our suppliers are key partners in our business and we 
actively engage with them to establish clear 
expectations and understand where we can better 
collaborate to improve the environmental and social 
impact of our supply chain. We are committed to 
developing a supplier base that reflects our core values, 
demonstrates strong ethical business, and represents 
the diverse customers and communities we serve. 

 Find out more about how T-Mobile manages a 

responsible supply chain and supports diverse 
suppliers.

ii  PwC, 2020. The global economic impact of 5G.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

5G Innovation

Change Agent 
and Innovation 
Catalyst

We are just beginning to see the 
possibilities unleashed by 5G. 
Speed, reliability, and greater 
capacity are driving innovation that 
can help meet the evolving needs 
of our customers and the planet―
and make our lives run more 
efficiently. T-Mobile is at the center 
of this transformation, leveraging 
the power of our 5G network to fuel 
change across education, farming, 
healthcare, retail, transportation, 
and more. 

11

TAKING WAR MEMORIALS TO 
HEROES WHO CAN’T BE THERE

Many veterans may not have the opportunity of seeing Washington, D.C.’s 
famed military memorials in person. But with 5G-enabled virtual reality 
(VR), our veterans can do that without ever leaving their home. 
In partnership with mixed reality company Healium and Honor Flight 
Network, T-Mobile created a VR experience that virtually transports 
veterans to Washington D.C.—just as if they were there in person.

In the virtual tours, veterans can hear the sound of the Rainbow Pool, watch 
the Changing of the Guard at Arlington National Cemetery, and visit the 
World War II Memorial, Korean War Veterans Memorial, Vietnam Veterans 
Memorial, and the Women in Military Service for America Memorial. It’s a 
great example of 5G’s ability to enable VR applications that transport us to 
new places and better connect people to their worlds.

For more information read the full story.

BRINGING ANATOMY ALIVE 
FOR PRE-MED STUDENTS

Fisk University, located in Nashville, TN, is one of the top-ranked 
historically Black universities in the country. In 2021, they teamed up with 
T-Mobile, HTC VIVE, and VictoryXR to launch a first-of-its-kind interactive 
5G-powered VR human cadaver lab for students in pre-med and biology-
related majors.

The virtual lab combines the in-person classroom experience with 
5G-powered VR technology, enabling students to explore the complete 
skeletal structure, muscle structure, and the 11 human organ systems 
while engaging in-person with their classmates and instructors. This is 
just a taste of the learning experiences 5G is bringing to educational 
institutions everywhere. 

For more information read the full story.

 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

5G Innovation Continued

HELPING YOUNG LEADERS 
SEE DIFFERENT FUTURES

Many young people leave school without a clear 
picture of their career path or future ambitions.  
What if we could help them envision their future  
with the aid of 5G-powered VR? Using two mobile 
trailers equipped with T-Mobile 5G, the Oculus  
Quest, and HTC VIVE Pro 2 headsets, Future Leaders 
Outreach Network travels to schools and other 
community locations. There, they conduct  
a VR program that encourages young students to 
explore potential future occupations via 25 different 
career path simulations developed by VictoryXR, 
CareerLabsVR, and others.

The career path simulations include industrial  
robot technicians, first responders, electricians,  
and more—all of which empower young people  
with a clearer picture of careers they can pursue  
to become future leaders and entrepreneurs. 

 For more information read the full story.

12

We’re 
Supercharging  
5G Innovation

T-Mobile created an ecosystem to meet innovators 
where they are—anywhere from ideation to 
incubation, prototyping and beyond.

As a co-founder of the 5G Open Innovation Lab, 
we’ve helped establish a global applied innovation 
ecosystem of developers, corporate enterprises, 
academia, and government institutions, working 
together with early- and mid-stage ventures to fuel 
the development of transformative new capabilities. 

Through the T-Mobile Accelerator, an immersive 
technology program, we’re supporting start-ups and 
spurring the development of new, transformative 
applications. Early in 2022, we also launched the 
Tech Experience 5G Hub in Bellevue, WA that 
provides a 24,000 square foot collaborative 
workspace and lab for innovators to develop new 
products and services for our 5G network. 

And with the T-Mobile Ventures investment fund, 
we help fuel early and emerging growth companies 
in the development of groundbreaking 5G products 
and services for our network.

With our leading 5G network as the foundation, we’re 
continuing to expand our 5G facilities and programs 
to drive further innovation.

GROWING APPLES 
WITH 50% LESS WATER

Swan’s Trail Orchard not only grows some of the 
tastiest apples in Washington state, it has also 
become a smart farming pioneer in collaboration 
with T-Mobile, 5G Open Innovation Lab (an industry 
partnership set up to inspire innovation), and  
Innov8.ag (an agricultural technology start-up).

With new 5G-enabled sensors that measure soil levels 
to a depth of 24 inches, apple trees can communicate 
water needs to farmers, enabling a more precise and 
sustainable approach to water management. 

Through this technology, Swan’s Trail discovered  
it had been running its irrigation system too 
frequently and could get the same or better results 
with 50% less water. Imagine the power of such  
a system in areas suffering from water shortages 
where large farms require millions of gallons to 
irrigate their crops.

For more information read the full story.

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

OUR GOVERNANCE

RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS

13

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Our Governance
Winning is important, but how  
we get there matters just as much. 
Our success relies on the trust of our 
customers, suppliers, business partners, 
and one another. We don’t take this trust 
for granted; we seek to earn it every 
day—through uncompromising ethical 
conduct, socially and environmentally 
responsible business practices, 
and good governance.

14

2021 Highlights

Created a Cyber 
Transformation Office 
reporting to the CEO 

$

.
3

spen
h
t wit
suppliers

7B
2

 di

verse 

2

1B

ls identified 

sca
m cal
or blocked
by T-Mobile Scam Shield™

50%

Board Diversity
Half of our Board of Directors 
self-identify as women and/or 
members of traditionally 
underrepresented 
racial/ethnic groups

Achieved target of 98%+ 
enterprise completion rate
for T-Mobile’s Integrity365 Code 
of Business Conduct training

100% placement rate
for 2021 NextTech Diversity 
Program graduates into  
full-time employment

Lead Independent 
Board Director
Independent Chair of the 
Audit, Compensation, and 
Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committees

38% of suppliers*
completed environmental 
and social assessments 
through EcoVadis
* Based on sourceable spend

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Ethical Business Practices

Delivering 
Through  
High Ethical 
Standards

Our Code emphasizes fair competition. We do not 
conspire with our competitors to rig prices, fix bids, 
divvy up sales territories, or boycott particular suppliers 
or customers. 

Required Training
We take a continuous learning approach so that  
T-Mobile’s Code of Business Conduct is integrated 
into our everyday business. Training takes place  
multiple times throughout the year and is required  
of all employees and officers of the company.

There’s no room for compromise when 
it comes to doing business the right way.  
We conduct our business with high  
ethical standards to deliver the results  
our customers, stakeholders, and  
employees expect and deserve. 

This training covers topics such as Data Safety  
and Privacy, Anti-Corruption, Health and Safety, 
Harassment and Discrimination, and our Non-Retaliation 
policy, and enables everyone to understand our  
Code standards and commitment to ethical business 
practices. Additional ethical conduct policies are  
included in our company governance documents.

Our Code of Business Conduct provides clear 
expectations on how we do it the right way at T-Mobile.  
It outlines the workplace conduct standards and  
legal guidelines we follow as part of our commitment  
to ethical business practices. 

We’re fair and honest in our business dealings. We don’t 
try to gain an unfair advantage over competitors, 
suppliers, or customers by deceiving anyone, taking 
advantage of confidential information, or fudging the 
facts. This includes compliance with U.S. and foreign 
laws barring corruption and bribery, conducting 
ourselves fairly and honestly in all business dealings, 
and abiding by antitrust rules and regulations. 

All employees and officers of the company are 
required to complete T-Mobile’s Code of Business 
Conduct training each year.

We regularly survey employees to help identify 
opportunities to strengthen our ethics culture and also 
have a centralized process for disclosing and addressing 
potential conflicts of interest. 

Governance and Oversight
The Chief Compliance Officer provides an annual  
report to the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee on the effectiveness of our compliance and 
ethics programs, using data analysis, key performance 
indicators, and external benchmarks to measure 
performance. 

15

To underscore our ongoing commitment to developing, 
evolving, and refining our business practices, we 
periodically conduct anti-corruption compliance risk 
assessments. Through these assessments, we identify key 
opportunities to further strengthen our training program 
and other aspects of our compliance and ethics programs. 

DOING RIGHT FOR 
OUR CUSTOMERS

For almost a decade, our Un-carrier revolution has 
been about doing the right thing for our customers. 
It began with ending annual service contracts, data 
limits and overages, and international data charges, 
while providing more value for the money, 
revolutionizing customer care, and bringing a sense 
of humanity and fun to the wireless industry.

Today, we keep giving more of what customers love 
without asking for more—from Price Lock, Internet 
Freedom, and Coverage Beyond to free mobile 
entertainment and free scam-blocking protection—
all to help customers save money while enjoying a 
superior experience in both wireless and high-speed 
internet service. 

We treat customers honestly and fairly. That means 
giving customers complete and transparent 
information about our products and services. It 
means delivering what we promise. And it means we 
don’t charge customers for things they haven’t 
authorized. Additionally, T-Mobile abides by the 
practices outlined in the Consumer Code for 
Wireless Service from CTIA, the trade association 
representing the wireless industry. By marketing and 
selling responsibly, we help our customers avoid bill 
shock and confusing account balance information.

How We Operate, According to 
Our Code of Business Conduct

 We Do It the Right Way. 
Always.

 We Take Care of  
Our Customers

 We Respect Each Other 
and Our Environment

 We Demonstrate  
Integrity 24/7

 We Do 
Business Right

 We Protect T-Mobile 
Information and Assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Feature Story: Ethical Business Practices 

BRINGING OUR CODE TO  LIFE

“Do It the Right Way. Always.” This is one 
of our core values and foundational to our 
Code of Business Conduct. That’s why we 
work so hard to enable all our employees to 
understand what the Code means and how 
it translates to their jobs. 

As part of the onboarding process, we also provide our 
new hires with a tailored edition of i365 to empower 
them to start off doing it the right way—always. They are 
required to complete the training during their first four 
weeks on the job. 

All employees are required to complete each episode of 
i365 or other Code training, and quarterly completion 

reports for all lines of business are submitted to the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
This engaging and thorough approach to training helps 
embed our commitment to ethical business standards 
into our culture and stay in compliance with federal and 
state laws and regulations, as well as our own policies. 

Integrity365 (i365) is our innovative professional 
standards training curriculum that brings our Code  
to life for all employees. Featuring members of Team 
Magenta, including executives, the TV show format  
delivers T-Mobile’s annual required compliance  
and ethics training through refreshers and practical, 
interactive examples of what it means to do the right 
thing every single day across a variety of situations. 

A typical i365 episode includes video-based stories 
addressing different Code topics through realistic, 
at-work situations that help employees identify concerns 
through multiple choice responses to the ethical conduct 
questions. This training is especially effective because  
it allows employees to participate in making the right 
decisions based on the values and principles of the Code. 

We also created a Manager Edition specifically for 
people managers which provides supplemental  
training to equip them to engage their teams on the  
core principles of T-Mobile’s Code. People managers  
can access an i365 dashboard to track and drive their  
team’s training completion. 

16

VIDEO TRAINING ON EVERY ETHICS TOPIC 

i365 training occurs throughout the year and covers 
the core topics of our Code of Business Conduct, 
including the following: 

■	  Doing Business Right—Awareness of anti-
corruption and antitrust rules, government  
ethics rules and ethical marketing practices 

■	  We Respect Each Other—Standards of professional 
conduct for T-Mobile employees when interacting 
with each other 

■	  Addressing Harassment & Discrimination— 

How to recognize discrimination and harassment  
in the workplace and what to do if you are a victim  
or an observer 

■	  Protecting Information the Right Way— 

Importance of and best practices for protecting 
T-Mobile assets and information, including 
customers’ personal data 

■	  Demonstrate Integrity—How to comply with 

equities trading regulations, conflicts of interest, 
and giving and receiving gifts 

■	  Social Media the Right Way—The dos and don’ts  
of using social media while employed by T-Mobile 

■	  Speaking Up at T-Mobile—Why speaking up is 

important, when to speak up, and how to speak up 

At the end of each course, employees are asked to  
give feedback on the training. Our Compliance team 
regularly tracks this feedback, along with completion 
and engagement rates, to assess overall satisfaction 
with the training, relevance to everyday job duties,  
and impact on behavior. This enables T-Mobile to 
continuously incorporate feedback and learnings  
into new iterations of i365. 

IN CONVERSATION WITH DAVID WERBLOW, 
T-MOBILE’S CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER 

David talks about keeping ethical business conduct  
at the forefront for employees and evolving  
the program to address ongoing feedback. 

  Our compliance and ethics programs aspire  
first and foremost to empower employees to  

do it the right way through clear policies and effective 
training. Even with effective training, we understand 
that the best way to handle an ethical issue in a 
particular situation is not always clear so we invite and 
encourage employees to reach out when they have a 
question about how they should respond the right way. 

We have an Integrity Line and work diligently to ensure 
our employees know it exists, know how to access it, 
and feel confident that their concerns can be reported 
anonymously, if that’s their preference. Our Speak Up 
Policy protects employees who raise good faith 
concerns from retaliation. 

We also continuously evaluate our performance to 
help us ensure our programs are effective. We really 
dive into the data. We conduct surveys and scrutinize 
the results to make sure we have an accurate 
assessment of how we are executing on compliance. 
Through careful analysis of reported concerns and 
outcomes, we identify trends in a timely manner and 
then are thoughtful, strategic, and holistic about  
next steps. 

While I’m happy to say we get great and candid 
feedback from employees, we are never satisfied  
with the status quo and are always striving for 
continuous improvement. To tap into another  
core T-Mobile value: We Won’t Stop!”

 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Ethical Business Practices Continued

Encouraging Employees to Speak Up 
In our Code of Business Conduct, and through our Speak 
Up Policy, we encourage anyone to report a concern, 
a possible violation of our policies, or to seek advice 
on how to implement the organization’s policies and 
practices for responsible business conduct. We provide 
employees with means to speak up anonymously and 
without fear of retaliation through our third-party 
Integrity Line (online or by phone), by emailing our 
Compliance & Ethics team, or contacting our Chief 
Compliance Officer or the Chair of the Audit Committee 
directly. Our Speak Up Policy outlines how people are 
protected from retaliation whenever they raise or report 
suspected misconduct or a potential violation of the law 
in good faith. 

Our Commitment to Human Rights 
T-Mobile is deeply committed to human rights.  
We believe we have a responsibility to manage our 
business in a manner consistent with this commitment, 
and we expect the same of our affiliates, business 
partners, and their stakeholders. Our Human Rights 
Statement covers such areas as discrimination, working 
conditions, and freedom of expression. It is informed 
by a number of international instruments, including 
the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business  
and Human Rights, the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights, and the International 
Labour Organization’s 1998 Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work. 

17

Consistent with our commitment to open dialogue and 
engagement, we consult with relevant stakeholders 
to understand human rights-related concerns, issues, 
and opportunities in order to assess and escalate them 
as appropriate. The leaders of our Human Resources, 
Corporate Social Responsibility, and Legal Affairs  
teams are responsible for overseeing the commitments  
outlined in our Human Rights Statement. 

Political Engagement 
Public policy shapes our business landscape every day. 
Engaging in the political process is an important part  
of how T-Mobile advocates for our business and our 
customers. We do so transparently and responsibly 
through corporate political contributions, contributions 
from an employee-funded political action committee 
(PAC), lobbying, and contributions to tax-exempt 
organizations. Through these efforts we work to support 
candidates who share T-Mobile’s views on important 
issues directly related to our business. 

We annually publish a Political Engagement Report, 
which chronicles our contributions and lists our trade 
association memberships. Through these activities, 
we leverage our powerful brand and scale to deliver 
more for our shareholders, consumers, and employees. 

A few bedrock commitments guide our political 
activities: strict compliance with local, state, and federal 
laws; bipartisan contributions; and strict adherence  
to our Code of Business Conduct and our Political 
Activities and Lobbying policy. Our General Counsel 
provides an annual report to the Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee on our political 
contributions and engagement.

 
 
 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Corporate Governance 

Fostering  
Good Corporate 
Governance 

Doing it the right way and building public 
trust in our company takes good leadership. 
Two important bodies of T-Mobile’s 
governance and management structure are 
our Board of Directors and our Senior 
Leadership Team. 

Our Board of Directors is made up of dynamic and 
experienced leaders from across industries who provide 
counsel and direction to promote our long-term success. 
The full Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight 
and is supported by key committees with delegated risk 
oversight responsibility for certain topics. 

We provide orientation to our directors to give them 
familiarity with the company’s business, industry, and 
corporate governance practices and policies. 
Additionally, we make available to the directors 
continuing education programs that enable them to 
update and gain new skills in areas including important 
ESG topics, such as cybersecurity, and the evolving 
regulatory landscape. 

Our Board of Directors has adopted our Code of Business 
Conduct as well as our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial 
Officers, which is applicable to our CEO, Chief Financial 
Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, and 
Controller. 
18

Board Independence and ESG Oversight 
Since Deutsche Telekom controls more than a majority of 
the outstanding shares of our common stock, we are 
deemed a “controlled company” under the NASDAQ 
Stock Market LLC rules. These rules exempt “controlled 
companies,” like us, from certain corporate governance 
requirements, including certain Board and committee 
independence requirements. 

The Audit Committee receives quarterly enterprise-wide 
risk assessment reporting, which includes risks relating 
to cybersecurity and privacy, business continuity, annual 
fraud risk assessment, and SOX and Internal Audit 
reporting or assessments from management and our 
internal audit lead. The Audit Committee is also apprised 
of any significant issues identified as a result of our 
Enterprise Risk and Compliance assessments. 

T-Mobile Board
Governance Highlights

Separation of Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer Roles 

Nevertheless, each of the Audit Committee, the 
Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee of the Board is chaired by 
independent directors, with the Audit Committee consisting 
of all independent directors. The Compensation Committee 
has also retained Mercer (a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh 
& McLennan Companies, Inc.), a well-recognized employee 
benefits and compensation consulting firm, as its 
independent compensation consultant. In addition, our 
Board has chosen to appoint a lead independent director. 

To promote oversight of critical ESG issues, risks, 
compliance, and progress on initiatives, T-Mobile 
executives report updates to the Audit Committee and 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

BOARD 
DIVERSIT  * 
50% 

Y

identify as women and/or members 
of traditionally underrepresented 
racial/ethnic groups 

28.6%  identify as women
28.6%  identify as members of a 

traditionally underrepresented 
racial/ethnic group 

Stockholder Right to Call Special Meeting 
and Act by Written Consent 

Lead Independent Director 

Independent Chairs of the Audit, 
Compensation, and Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committees 

Executive Compensation Driven by 
Pay for Performance

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
receives quarterly briefings on progress, updates, and 
initiatives related to key ESG topics such as 
cybersecurity and data privacy, political contributions, 
philanthropic giving, and environmental sustainability. 

 See our Governance Documents for more information. 

Board Diversity 
We understand diversity, inclusive of gender, race, and 
experience, is a critical attribute of a well-functioning 
Board of Directors and a measure of sound corporate 
governance. Our director selection guidelines define 
diversity broadly to include factors such as gender and 
race, as well as age, ethnicity, geographic, cultural, and 
professional diversity. 

The composition of the Board has continued to evolve. 
As of December 31, 2021, 50% (7 out of 14) of our Board 
of Directors identify as women and/or members of 
traditionally underrepresented racial/ethnic groups. 

In addition to our Board of Directors, we have an 
experienced Senior Leadership Team. As of December 31, 
2021, our leadership consisted of 17 executives with 41% 
identifying as women or members of traditionally 
underrepresented racial/ethnic groups. 

 Learn more about our executives and directors. 

*All data points relating to the T-Mobile Board of Directors are as of December 31, 2021. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Business Continuity 

Being Prepared 
and Building 
Resiliency 

Business disruptions come in all shapes and 
sizes—from natural disasters and pandemics 
to staffing issues and equipment or 
application failures. When a disruption does 
occur, preparedness planning can make all 
the difference. Our Enterprise Continuity 
Program considers the full range of natural 
and man-made events that could impact our 
customers, employees, operations, and 
assets across the country and develops risk 
mitigation and business continuity 
strategies to keep our teams prepared  
and our customers connected. 

19

Planning with an “All Hazards” Mindset 
At T-Mobile, we develop business 
continuity and emergency preparedness 
plans with an “all hazards” mindset, 
meaning we have plans in place for a wide 
range of business disruptions and 
proactively find ways to eliminate any 
single points of failure. Our enterprise 
continuity team works with every team in 
the company to conduct annual reviews 
and update our Business Continuity Plans, 
ensuring they are current, comprehensive, 
and effective so the company is ready to 
coordinate and respond to any new event. 

The enterprise continuity team utilizes 
tools such as a Business Impact Analysis to examine each 
part of our business and network to determine the 
impact and severity of different disruptions on our 
customers, employees, and infrastructure. This helps us 
prioritize recovery tasks and identify interdependencies,  
ensuring that our contingency plans are resilient  
and all-encompassing. 

We know how much our customers rely on their 
connectivity and we invest heavily in the resiliency of  
our network through network design and operational 
redundancies that significantly reduce the chance  
of network failure. As a result of a multi-year network 
hardening investment we added thousands of backup 
generators and advanced relief and recovery tools to 
better equip network switches, data centers, and other 
critical sites in hurricane-prone areas. 

Climate Risk and Oversight 
As the frequency and severity of extreme weather  
events increase, evaluating climate-related risks and 
preparing for natural disasters and regional power 
outages has become increasingly critical to our business. 

T-Mobile’s President of Technology oversees the 
company’s network resilience strategy, which includes 
evaluating technology disruptions and climate-related 
impacts to develop and continually update risk mitigation 
plans. Our Enterprise Risk Management team also 
partners with groups across the company to track 
progress on network resiliency, such as the effectiveness 
of power backup systems in data centers and the network 
hardening efforts in at-risk areas. As part of the risk 
assessment process, our network sites are evaluated 
for vulnerabilities to environmental change. 

To help ensure business-critical risks are overseen  
and communicated at the Board level, the Senior  
Vice President of Internal Audit & Risk Management 
serves as the Chief Audit Executive and has a direct 
communication channel to the Audit Committee  
for purposes of reporting or discussing concerns.  
The Chief Audit Executive receives quarterly status 
reports on the Enterprise Continuity Program and 
provides a quarterly enterprise-wide risk assessment 
report to the Audit Committee. 

Each year we evaluate our Enterprise Continuity 
Program and review our risk management procedures 
and evolve them as needed to help mitigate against 
evolving threats. 

Ready to Respond 
When an emergency does occur, we quickly implement 
our preparedness plans to keep our employees safe  
and customers connected. Our Enterprise Incident 
Management team manages a virtual Emergency 
Operations Center to oversee and coordinate the 
company’s response throughout the event. This enables 
us to work effectively with stakeholders inside and 
outside of our business, from emergency engineering 
and community support teams on the ground, to retail 
staff, local authorities, meteorologists, and political 
leaders. It’s this approach that enables us to move quickly. 

Beyond working to maintain connectivity and services, 
we’re also proud of the humanitarian assistance we 
provide to affected communities through our disaster 
relief efforts. For more information, see the Natural 
Disaster and Community Support section. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Data Privacy 

Keeping Our 
Customer Data 
Safe and Secure 

We love our customers. Earning and 
keeping their trust by respecting and 
protecting their data is central to how we 
operate. This is vital to our business, and 
it’s the right thing to do for our customers. 

Early in 2021, we launched an updated Privacy Center 
to give customers a clear and simple explanation of 
how their data is used and how they can manage it. 
There, customers can find the T-Mobile Privacy Notice, 
Children’s Privacy Notice, and other important privacy 
information, including educational content for 
consumers on how to better protect themselves and 
their data. This is how we help cut through the 
complexity of data privacy and security for our 
customers and make it easy to learn about the 
information we collect, how we use it, and the 
measures in place to protect it. 

20

Our Pillars of Privacy 
At T-Mobile, data privacy is built around five principles: trust, 
transparency, control, education, and protection. Together these 
principles drive what privacy looks like across our company. 

Trust 
We value the privacy of the data that is entrusted 
to us. We believe that every customer deserves core 
privacy protection practices and to only have their 
data used for legitimate business purposes. That 
includes not using it to send unwanted marketing 
communications and preventing harmful biases 
in our algorithms. 

Control 
We put our customers in control when it comes to 
their data and their preferences. With simple, clear 
data choices, customers can easily access and 
delete their data and set marketing preferences. 
We offer all U.S. customers choices to opt out of 
targeted advertising, even in states where it’s not 
legally required. Our Customer Care teams are 
equipped to assist customers with questions about 
the data controls available. 

Transparency 
We’re open and honest about our privacy practices 
and the way we process personal data. We inform 
customers of important updates to our Privacy Notice 
and how they can exercise privacy choices and set 
preferences by using simple, clear language and 
easy-to-find information. Our annual Transparency 
Report provides additional information and data on 
how we deal with law enforcement and national 
security requests for customer data. 

Education 
We help customers understand privacy  
and data use so they can make the right 
choices. One way we do this is by providing 
educational resources and video guides for 
customers on a range of topics across data 
transparency, data-sharing, and marketing 
choices, and security and controls for the 
whole family. 

Protection 
T-Mobile works to protect the customer data we 
collect. For products that use personal data, it’s 
our policy to collect only what’s necessary, retain 
it as outlined in our retention policy, and delete it 
after use. We work with our suppliers and partners 
so that they are also applying reasonable 
safeguards. 

T-Mobile was the first U.S. wireless provider to 
implement number verification in 2019. We also 
led the industry in 2020 in implementing STIR/ 
SHAKEN with all major U.S. network providers  
to fight number spoofing and further protect 
customers from scammers and unwanted 
robocalls. Scam Shield™ adds further protections 
from spammers and scammers. For more details, 
see the Cybersecurity section. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Data Privacy Continued

Empowering Employees to be Data Privacy Champions 
We want everyone at T-Mobile to be a data privacy 
champion. We provide annual data privacy training 
through i365 and year-round awareness programs  
so that employees know how to keep customer data 
confidential in different scenarios, with additional 
training for roles that involve handling personal 
information. All employees are required to uphold the 
privacy and security obligations outlined in our internal 
corporate policies, including our Code of Business 
Conduct, Information Security Policy, Records 
Management Policy, Information Handling Policy, 

Information Handling Procedure, Information 
Classification Standard, and Acceptable Use Policy. 

We work to further weave a culture of privacy and 
security throughout the business by engaging our 
Security and Privacy Ambassador Network (SPAN), 
which acts as an extension of our Privacy Office. 
Members of SPAN are embedded across the  
company and equipped with enhanced privacy 
knowledge to raise awareness, oversee adoption  
of privacy and security practices, and proactively  
elevate important matters to the Privacy Office. 

SAFER CHOICES 
FOR FAMILIES 

Digital connectivity allows us to keep connected to 
loved ones, but it also opens up a world that can be 
tricky to navigate, especially for families with children. 
Parenting in the digital age isn’t always easy, but 
T-Mobile is giving parents and guardians better options 
for managing their children’s online activities and screen 
time so they can feel confident about the way their 
family interacts with digital technology. 

With T-Mobile, parents and guardians can choose  
what’s right for their family through both free and paid 
services. Our free Web Guard service lets customers 
apply different filter levels to restrict adult content  
from being seen or accessed by family members. 
FamilyMode® can be selected for a cost for those who 
want to keep track of their family members’ locations  
in real time, set content filters, and monitor screen 
time to help develop good digital habits. 

21

Parents can even use the FamilyMode® app to give extra 
screen time as a reward or to pause the internet when a 
break is called for. 

We’re always looking for new ways to safeguard children 
and protect their privacy through the products and 
services we offer. We piloted our Kid’s Line in 2021 for 
our postpaid customers, with plans to expand access  
to all of our customers. This feature enables parents and 
guardians to designate any line on their account as a 
Kid’s Line if it’s being used by a child under the age of 16. 
Once designated a Kid’s Line, we won’t use that line’s 
data for advertising, and we’ll opt the line out of our 
marketing communications.

 To learn more, check out our Children’s Privacy 
Notice. 

Our Privacy Office routinely evaluates our corporate 
policies, procedures, and training programs to provide 
employees with evolving data privacy and security 
requirements and ensure they have the resources they 
need to protect customer privacy. 

Data Privacy Oversight and Controls 
T-Mobile has an established governance and controls 
process in place to help ensure that our data privacy 
policies and practices are effectively implemented. The 
highest level of oversight comes from our Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of 
Directors. 

In addition to Board level oversight, T-Mobile’s data 
privacy team and cybersecurity team jointly report to 
the Information Security and Privacy Council, which 
includes members of the Senior Leadership Team. 
Together, these groups monitor the effectiveness of 
T-Mobile’s data privacy programs. 

GIVING CUSTOMERS CONTROL  
OF HOW THEIR DATA IS USED 

We use some information, like adult age range and 
apps installed on a customer’s device, for advertising 
purposes. This information is attributed to 
Advertising IDs, which are pooled to create audience 
segments based on customer interests, like sports or 
entertainment. When we share data, we only share 
the audience segment name, like “business traveler.” 
We do not share underlying customer broadband or 
device usage data with third parties for advertising 
purposes. And we never share information for 
advertising purposes that directly identifies 
customers, such as name, address, email, or precise 
location information. 

This enables the delivery of offers and ads for 
products and services based on customer interests. 
As always, our goal is to deliver the best experience 
to our customers. Through their My T-Mobile 
account, customers can opt out or change their 
advertising preferences at any time.

  For more information about customers’ choices, 
please visit our Privacy Notice.

Safety through Innovation: T-Mobile’s 
SyncUP KIDS Watch helps parents protect 
their children by enabling a safe entry into 
the digital world. Parents are able to track 
their kid’s location in real time and get alerts 
when they enter or exit a virtual boundary. 
The watch also allows the child to alert their 
contacts if they need help or hit a button to 
call 911 in an emergency. 

 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Cybersecurity 

Focusing on 
Cybersecurity 

Our customers depend on us to keep them 
connected. With bad actors around the 
world constantly attacking the security 
of corporate systems, we continue to 
accelerate our focus on protecting our 
customers and enhancing our cybersecurity 
measures. Keeping our network and 
systems secure and earning the trust 
of our customers is paramount to us. 

Transforming Our Cybersecurity Approach 
In 2021, we established the Cyber Transformation Office 
led by a Chief Cyber Transformation Officer. Reporting 
directly to the CEO, this department is focused on 
embedding cybersecurity competencies and a security-
first mindset across our culture. Our Cybersecurity Trust 
and Protection organization has also been integrated into 
this new office to foster greater collaboration across the 
teams and the business. These leaders work 
collaboratively with other senior leaders on the 
Information Security and Privacy Council, with the 
mission to define, organize, and continuously 
communicate the strategic direction of cybersecurity 
and privacy for the company. 

The Cyber Transformation Office spearheads our holistic 
approach to cybersecurity management and includes 
state-of-the-art cybersecurity technology, stringent 
security protocols, rigorous monitoring and response 

22

operations, and compliance consistent with global 
industry standards. 

We combine strong oversight and governance controls 
with technical and physical safeguards, while 
incorporating core functions from the widely recognized 
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 
Cybersecurity Framework. 

Our Chief Cyber Transformation Officer and Chief 
Security Officer provide reports four times a year to 
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  
on T-Mobile’s data information and infrastructure 
security programs. 

Countering All Forms of Fraud 
Fraud continues to be an industry-wide problem that 
we are constantly working to deter. We offer customers 
a variety of safeguards against these criminal attacks 
to help them protect their personal information. Our 
award-winning support teams work with customers 
directly to address concerns about potential fraud or 
to discuss security measures available to them. We 
maintain security incident response plans to investigate 
and remediate incidents involving unauthorized access 
to personal data, and we are continually maturing our 
safeguards to respond to new risks. We recognize we’ll 
always have work to do in this ever-evolving space. 

Security-First Mindset 
Our holistic approach involves every employee— 
because we all have a part to play in keeping T-Mobile 
secure. We train employees throughout the year via i365 
and other targeted cybersecurity trainings, which enlist 
everyone to help identify and remediate potential threats 
and provide engaging scenario-based training covering 
phishing attacks, good password hygiene, proper 
handling of customers’ privacy choices, and other topics. 

We’re committed to addressing every aspect of data 
security. While we have processes to identify and protect 
our systems, detect and respond to threats, and recover 
if attacks are successful, security incidents can still 
occur. We invest in internal expertise and work with top 
security experts from around the globe, leveraging their 
expertise to strengthen our capabilities and further 
protect T-Mobile and our customers. We have invested 
in strategic partnerships with Accenture, KPMG, and 
Mandiant—industry leaders in cybersecurity technology 
and services. 

SCAM SHIELD™ 

In 2020, T-Mobile launched Scam Shield™,  
making the Un-carrier the first major wireless 
provider to help protect every customer  
against robocallers, scammers, and fraudsters.  
No special device, app, or plan is required. 

Unlike a third-party app or other passive monitoring 
solutions, Scam Shield™ is built into our network, 
leveraging the power of T-Mobile’s entire network  
to keep our customers protected. Using AI,  
machine learning, and patented technologies, we 
analyze call behavior to protect customers around 
the clock, responding to new threats and updating 
protections every six minutes. 

In 2021, we added new features including improved 
Scam Reporting and eSIM support, as well as new 
patented network tools to further identify and block 
likely scam attempts. 

The spammers and scammers keep trying, but  
we’ve got their number: by December 2021,  
Scam Shield™ identified or blocked over 21 billion 
scam calls. That’s 700 calls intercepted per second. 

21 billion

scam calls identified or blocked

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Responsible Supply Chain 

Optimizing 
Supply Chains 
for People and 
the Planet 

The success of our business depends on the 
strong relationships we build with our wide 
and diverse network of global suppliers.  
We develop long-lasting, trusting, and 
mutually beneficial relationships with 
suppliers that share our strong values  
and operate in a responsible and sustainable 
way. T-Mobile suppliers are expected  
to share our commitment to doing things  
the right way while conducting business 
either with or on behalf of T-Mobile. 

23

Governing Our Supply Chain in the Right Way 
Our Supplier Code of Conduct governs our supply chain 
and sets out expectations for supplier conduct in areas 
ranging from customer care and integrity to reducing 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and water use, 
responsibly sourcing materials, and protecting 
human rights. We expect suppliers to promptly 
report concerns about violations of the Code to the 
T-Mobile Integrity Line. 

We also provide detailed Responsible Sourcing Guidelines 
which recognize the human rights and environmental 
risks associated with extracting, transporting, and 
trading certain natural resources such as conflict minerals 
and paper fiber. For more information, see the Natural 
Resources Management section. 

Our Human Rights Statement and Environmental Policy 
also apply to our suppliers. While our suppliers have the 
responsibility to undertake their own work to address 
human rights and environmental issues, we are 
committed to supporting their efforts. 

Monitoring Risks with Third-Party Risk Management 
Even before suppliers are selected, a centralized 
Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) process screens 
for anti-corruption, global sanctions and human rights 
violations, and financial, security, reputational, and 
environmental risks. Supplier risk assessments are 
performed on an ongoing basis depending on the risk 
profile of the supplier, with the goal of ensuring we are 
not conducting business with any supplier that could 
pose a risk to our operations or reputation. Our TPRM 
process also continually monitors current suppliers for 
policy violations and risks through automated, real-time 
workflows that look for any adverse news or changes  
in supplier risk profiles.

Additionally, Supplier Code of Conduct compliance is 
affirmed through standard supplier contract terms, 
TPRM assessment questionnaires, and Procurement’s 
vendor onboarding forms.

Events or issues detected by TPRM monitoring are 
escalated to the enterprise Legal, Compliance, and 
business teams for review and recommended handling. 

Science-Based Targets for Suppliers 
Setting science-based emissions reduction targets has 
helped us dramatically reduce our GHG emissions. 
That’s why we encourage our suppliers to set their own 
science-based reduction targets by working with the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and to bring them 
in line with the world’s ambition to limit global warming 
to 1.5°C. 

The more companies we can influence toward setting 
and achieving science-based targets, the bigger 
emissions reductions we can achieve together,  
and the better off our planet will be. 

INCREASED VISIBILITY INTO  
SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY 

EcoVadis is a leading provider of business 
sustainability ratings, helping businesses to better 
evaluate the environmental, social, and ethical 
performance of their own operations and those in 
their supply chain. 

In 2020, we  began using their supplier assessment to 
better evaluate our supply chain across four key areas: 
environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and 
sustainable procurement. Each supplier who 
participates is evaluated with a rigorous evidence-
based scorecard that identifies strengths and areas of 
opportunity. This gives us a chance to better engage 
with our suppliers on key issues in the four categories 
and drive improvements that benefit us all. 

In 2021, we strengthened our practices around 
supplier scoring and officially integrated the 
EcoVadis evaluation into our TPRM process. 
Going forward, we are continuing to increase 
the number of suppliers assessed. 

38%

of sourceable spend assessed  
by EcoVadis in 2021

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Responsible Supply Chain Continued

Building  
a Diverse  
Supply Chain 

We’re continuing to strengthen the diversity 
of our suppliers to ensure a more 
representative, resilient, and economically 
inclusive supply chain that spurs positive 
change in industries beyond our own. 

To drive diversity in our supply chain, we’re educating 
employees on how to promote our supplier diversity 
efforts and are rewarding their progress. We’re also  
taking steps to directly invest in initiatives that train 
underrepresented groups for jobs critical to our  
supply chain. 

Identifying Opportunities for Progress 
In 2021, we implemented our Supplier Diversity Category 
Management Strategy for our network technology 
procurement organization, covering all T-Mobile’s  
spend outside of wireless devices. This strategy enables 
category managers to identify the supplier diversity spend 
more easily in the areas they oversee, which helps them  
to identify opportunities and develop actionable targets 
that lead to progress. We also implemented a reward  
and recognition program to recognize Procurement 
Sourcing Managers who actively work with traditionally 
underrepresented, disadvantaged, and/or small business 
owners and award new contracts to these businesses. 

24

Recognition for Supporting 
Supplier Diversity in 2021 

Recognized 
by Military Friendly®  
for supplier diversity 

Best of the Best 
top 50 corporations for inclusion— 
National Business Inclusion Consortium 

Corporation of the Year 
Asian Business Association of Los Angeles 
(ABALA) 

Diversity & Inclusion  
of the Year Award 
Greater Los Angeles African American  
Chamber of Commerce (GLAAACC) 

Industry Change  
Agent of the Year 
Learning Alliance Corporation

Driving Inclusive and Equitable Programs 
To invest in a more diverse supply chain, we launched the 
NextTech Diversity Program to provide career training 
and job placement for hundreds of candidates from 
traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, helping 
them take on meaningful employment within the 
telecommunications industry. We also co-launched 
Diversity in Clean Energy (DiCE) in 2021, to drive 
inclusive and equitable practices in sourcing and  
supplier selection across the clean energy value chain. 

Programs like these are having an impact. In 2021,  
we spent $3.27 billion with suppliers from traditionally 
underrepresented backgrounds, putting us on track  
to achieve our goal of joining the Billion Dollar 
Roundtable for supply chain diversity excellence by 
2025. The Billion Dollar Roundtable was created in 2001 
to recognize corporations that annually spend at least 
$1 billion with minority and women-owned suppliers. 

$3.27 billion

spent with suppliers from traditionally  
underrepresented backgrounds 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Responsible Supply Chain Continued

Training the NextTech Generation 

Equipping People of Color for Opportunities in 5G 
Transporting and building 5G infrastructure across all 
wireless providers will require an estimated 20,000 
field technicians and trained tower crew workers .  
But people of color comprise a disproportionately  
small percentage of workers in the field. T-Mobile 
established the NextTech Diversity Program to change 
that—connecting an industry need for skilled workers 
with a group that’s underrepresented in this part  
of the workforce. 

iii 

As part of our Equity In Action efforts, the program 
began in January 2021 with seed funding to train and 
graduate everyone who participates. The program also 
guarantees job placements for those who graduate with 
a technician’s certificate or commercial driving license. 

A Successful Year One 
The program celebrated its first anniversary in  
February 2022, boasting a 100% graduation and career 
placement rate for the 70 participants in the inaugural 
network technician and equipment driver classes.  

“I am so proud to be managing an exciting T-Mobile 
program aimed at supporting women and men of color 
within underrepresented communities,” says Joyce 
Christanio, senior program manager of NextTech for 
T-Mobile. “I can personally identify with and whole-
heartedly embrace this program because, as a youth,  
I too lived in an underrepresented community. Being 
privy to unfortunate situations occurring in inner-city 
communities, such as drug deals, neighbors with 
addictions, robberies, and losing a brother to 
senseless gun violence, I understand the importance 
of lending a hand to others to improve their lifestyles. 
While not everyone can’t afford a college education, 
this program provides individuals a hand to exceed 
a minimum wage salary, resulting in sustainable 
careers.” 

The NextTech Diversity Program started with an 
initial cohort to train future network technicians through 
the Learning Alliance Corporation, and added the 
Equipment Driver Program in the fall of 2021 through 
the New Reflections Technical Institute. Plans to expand 
don’t stop there. 

In 2022, T-Mobile doubled the NextTech Diversity’s 
Technician Program class from 50 students in 2021 to 
100 students in 2022 and grew the Equipment Driver 
Program from 20 students to 50. 

A team of inner-city youth are climbing a cellular mast 
for the first time in helmets and safety gear. This isn’t a 
real mast. It’s a training structure for future technicians. 
Once their training is done, many of them will be up in 
the sky for real and on a new career track as part of the 
skilled workforce making the 5G revolution possible. 

The training exercise is part of the NextTech Diversity 
Program, which is designed to connect women and  
men of color with the skills, training, and opportunities 
to become network technicians. For many, it’s a 
life-changing experience. 

Not a lot of people look like me in the industry,”  
says Mike Penn, who graduated from the 
program to become a certified 5G tower 
technician. “The NextTech industry is paving 
the way. I love my job and I can definitely see 
myself doing this for a long time.” 

100%

of the 2021 program graduates have  
been placed in full-time employment 

iii  T-Mobile.com, Investing in communities and people to build wireless networks. 

25

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
OUR 
PEOPLE
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

OUR  PEOPL E 

QU ITABLE 
E 
OPPORTUNITIES

26

EQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIESEQUITABLE OPPORTUNITIES2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Our People 
Our people are the heart and soul of  
the Un-carrier. We all win when we  
each bring our full selves to work each 
day. So, we embed DE&I in all we do, 
from hiring and employee development, 
to our award-winning culture and Equity 
In Action plan—to keep breaking down 
barriers and rewriting the rules. Together, 
we are unstoppable! 

2021 Highlights 

50% of Equity In Action 
Promises achieved 

Reached 
69% of our goal  
to hire 10,000 
veterans and military 
spouses by 2023 

60%

loyees 

emp 
of color 

41

%

loy 
emp 
as women 

ees identify 

Released 2021 
Federal EEO-1 
Report 

~$20.2M

in tuition assistance  
invested in 5,500+ 
employees 

1st

in U.S. wireless industry to 
earn WELL Health-Safety 
certification 

100% 

on the Human Rights 
Campaign’s Corporate 
Equality Index & Disability:IN’s 
Disability Equality Index 

iv 
All employees
eligible for health 
benefits on day one  
of their employment 
iv Excluding interns 

27

.
5

4

M+

rs o 

hou 
mployee 
f e 
training completed

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Our Culture 

Famous for  
Our Culture 

Our culture begins and ends with our 
employees. We are a celebratory, inclusive, 
magenta-loving team of people united in 
our commitment to change our industry  
for the better. 

Due to the pandemic and political and social unrest, 
the last two years have been difficult for people and 
companies everywhere. T-Mobile is no exception as we 
prioritized the health and safety of our employees while 
simultaneously integrating two companies into one 
unified culture. 

But if there is one constant that stayed true, it’s that 
Team Magenta is resilient, strong, proud, and unwavering 
in our commitment to our customers and to one another. 
And that’s why we have been so focused on getting it 
right. We are one team, together. 

The Future Is Magenta 
Our culture is something we never take for granted.  
It’s what unifies us in our mission to be the best in the 
world at connecting customers to their world, and what 
motivates us each and every day to be a part of 
something bigger. We work hard to stay connected  
to Team Magenta and have a variety of tools and forums 
to do that. 

One of the most important ways that we measure the 
health of our culture is through our confidential Our Voice 
surveys, which go out multiple times each year to all 

28

employees. The survey helps us to gauge how employees 
feel about our company, what they love about their jobs 
and what they don’t. It’s a big part of how we continue  
to evolve and grow. 

In October 2021, approximately 39,000 employees  
took the survey and relayed the following sentiment: 

■	  87% of employees say their team clearly prioritizes the 

customer experience in its work 

■	  86% of employees say their own team creates an 
inclusive work environment “for me to be myself” 

■	  80% of employees would recommend T-Mobile  

as a great place to work 

AN AWARD-WINNING 
PLACE TO WORK 

T-Mobile has once again been recognized as a great 
place to work by leading national workplace awards 
and surveys. The following 2021 rankings are based 
on survey responses from the real experts: our 
employees. 

■	  America’s Best Employers list by Forbes 

■	  Comparably’s Best Global Culture list 

■	  Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For 

■	  Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work list 

We attribute our success to our unique culture 
and values. They’ve ensured we’ve grown closer 
through challenging times and success alike—and 
they’ll guide us through an exciting new era of 
Un-carrier, too. 

Our Culture is: 

Fun and celebratory 
We have a sense of humor and  
celebrate successes and one other 

Proud 
We love our T-Mobile branded gear.  
Like, a lot 

Inclusive 
We ALL belong 

Action-oriented 
We are relentless in our commitment  
to deliver results 

Customer-obsessed 
We fight on behalf of all customers

Employee Forums 
In addition to Our Voice surveys and roundtable 
discussions with our directors and VP’s, our CEO and 
leadership team hosts quarterly All-Employee Meetings 
where they share the latest company news, celebrate 
wins, and discuss challenges ahead. These always 
feature an open Q&A session, the highest rated portion 
of the meeting, where everyone has a chance to engage 
on what’s top of mind. Past All-Employee Meetings have 
included a discussion of new service offerings, how the 
company is navigating the pandemic, and how—through 
our values—we can have a bigger, better, and more 
meaningful impact together. 

Building and maintaining a culture we can be famous  
for requires care and commitment. It’s something  
we take seriously and is work that’s constantly evolving. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

Committed  
to DE&I 

Our diverse workforce reflects the 
communities we serve and positions us to 
deliver incredible experiences for our 
customers. It’s not enough to say we support 
DE&I—we have a responsibility to put our 
words into action every day. Following our 
merger with Sprint, we deepened our 
commitment by launching our five-year 
Equity In Action (EIA) plan. This bold plan 
puts DE&I at the center of everything we 
do for our employees, our customers, and 
our communities. 

We built EIA by listening to our employees. Their 
feedback offered a wealth of insight that helped map  
out a plan to address where we needed to evolve, 
shift, and align as an organization. This led to three 
focus areas that anchor our EIA plan. 

The Three Pillars of Equity In Action 
TALENT 
We will recruit, retain, and develop the best team in 
the history of our industry and increase the diversity 
in our leadership at every level of our company. 
Strengthening the pipeline of diverse talent up to 
the executive level makes us a stronger, smarter, 
and better company. 

CULTURE 
We will maintain a company culture of respect and 
inclusion, where each individual can contribute and 
innovate to deliver the best customer experience. 

BRAND 
We seek to remain steadfast in advocating for all 
communities by doing our part to eradicate the 
homework gap for students and helping enable 
everyone to have access to connectivity. We also 
support educational and upskilling opportunities that 
will help make the 5G era, and the digital economy, 
more equitable. 

IN CONVERSATION WITH HOLLI MARTINEZ, VICE PRESIDENT OF DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION 

Q. How do you help ensure DE&I continues  
to be rooted in T-Mobile’s culture? 

Embedding DE&I into our culture involves 
grounding and customizing DE&I initiatives 
into each line of business strategy. Our Equity In Action 
pillars of Talent, Culture, and Brand objectives and key 
results are aligned to business goals, ERG strategy, 
and throughout our local DE&I Chapters. This allows 
us to streamline DE&I behaviors and practices while 
addressing the unique business and local needs. 

We continue to focus on creating a more diverse and 
inclusive workplace by investing in efforts that give  
all our employees the opportunity to become involved— 
from building greater diversity into leadership functions 
across the company to empowering ERGs to focus  
on the dimensions of inclusion most relevant to our 
employees and their communities. 

Q. What have been some of the most successful  
ways your team has engaged and partnered  
with stakeholders on DE&I initiatives? 

Engagement and advocacy start with listening. 
Whether it’s business, people, or customer pain 

points, the best solutions come from these perspectives. 
We are proud of ensuring our employees are heard and 
act to make sure their needs are met and exceeded. 

Our Inclusion Council leaders are advocates for 
employee pain points and DE&I initiatives, elevating 
employee voices and employee engagement. 

Q. What are some of the key challenges  
to advancing DE&I efforts and how do  
you see T-Mobile addressing them? 

The biggest challenge DE&I faces is polarized 
discourse in our society. We must focus on what 
unites us rather than what divides us in order to create 
the culture of respect required to unlock the creativity 
and innovation born from our differences. At T-Mobile, 
we have never been afraid to have hard conversations. 
Whether it’s Talking with Trailblazers, team discussions, 
or open forums, we face real issues head on. We are 
Team Magenta, One Team passionate about connecting 
people to their world. 

Q. Tell us about a recent achievement 
in this space that you are most proud of. 

I am most proud of the accomplishments through 
the advocacy of our ERGs. When our Women  

and Allies Network pointed out gaps in our benefits for 
family planning and conception, we addressed those 
pain points with increased benefits. When our Veterans 
and Allies group identified a pain point with military 
spouses, we fixed it. When our Pride and Allies group 
called out a need for enhanced surrogacy benefits,  
we increased them. 

What I am most proud of is that DE&I is not a campaign,  
a slogan, or a window dressing. DE&I is authentic 
advocacy for equity for our employees, customers, 
suppliers, and communities.

29

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Continued

 27  On track with 27 out of 54 DE&I 

Promises achieved so far 

Delivering on Our DE&I Promises 
As part of our EIA plan, we made 54 DE&I Promises that 
span the investments we make in our employees, the 
products and services we offer, the suppliers we do 
business with, and the communities we advocate for. 
We’re proud to have achieved 27 Promises so far and are 
on track with several actions and efforts to deliver on the 
remaining 27. 

Some examples of the promises we’ve delivered on 
include: 

■	 Established an External Diversity & Inclusion Council 

and a California Council 

■	 Added diverse representation to T-Mobile’s Board 

of Directors 

■	 Expanded access to wireless service through 

organizations serving underserved communities 

■	 Established partnerships with minority-owned banks 

■	

Increased procurement activities with diverse 
businesses 

Establishing Key Partnerships 
Our commitment to embed DE&I into every aspect of  
our company is ambitious, and we know that we can’t  
do it alone, which is why we leverage partners inside  
and outside of T-Mobile to help us achieve our goals. 

Our External Diversity & Inclusion Council is one of our 
most important allies and partners in our DE&I journey. 
Made up of leading thinkers and advocates in the space, 
the Council helps us identify ways to support our goals 

30

and provides important context and feedback as we 
implement our EIA plan. 

Internally, we have an Inclusion Council comprised 
of leaders from across T-Mobile working to drive 
awareness, spark conversation, host community events, 
and encourage all employees to be exactly who or what 
they want to be. We also have a Leadership Task Force 
and an Internal Oversight Committee that provide 
strategic input and connect actions across the company 
that help drive our EIA plan. 

Programs Driving Progress 
Creating impactful programs for our employees and 
communities is central to our EIA plan. 

Our award-winning Talking with Trailblazers 
speaker series fosters courageous conversations with 
employees on topics impacting society by elevating the 
voices of diverse leaders from both inside and outside 
our company. 

In 2021, we hosted 11 conversations that included Black 
history and Black excellence with artist and activist 
Common, authenticity in the face of discrimination with 
former NFL Coach Katie Sowers, taking a stand on racism 
with actor and producer Daniel Dae Kim, prioritizing 
mental health with psychiatrist Dr. Jess Clemons, 
and elevating LGBTQ+ voices and experiences with 
Laverne Cox, to name a few. In total, more than 24,000 
employees engaged with our Talking with Trailblazers 
series throughout the year. 

We also launched an enterprise-wide training called  
the One Team, Together Learning Journey which takes 
employees through an expansive, multi-year experience 
to help them form more inclusive habits in the workplace. 
The training was developed with the NeuroLeadership 
Institute and infuses DE&I into how we work at T-Mobile. 

2021 DE&I Distinction 

Ranked in Forbes/Statista’s America’s 
Best Employers for Diversity list 

Recognized by Reuters Responsible 
Business Awards for DE&I 

100% 
score received on the Human Rights 
Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index  
for issues relating to LGBTQ+ employees, 
for the ninth year running

It’s designed to strengthen the habits and behaviors we 
need to empower each other, build connections and 
belonging, and inspire winning, together. 

Last but not least, we launched our Magenta Scholars 
program in 2021 in partnership with the Thurgood 
Marshall College Fund (TMCF) to provide educational 
opportunities to students attending historically Black 
colleges and universities (HBCUs). This collaboration, 
which started with an investment of $500,000 for 
18 scholarships, has grown to $3 million in support from 
T-Mobile, spanning both scholarships and the new 
National Black Talent Bank program. TMCF’s Magenta 
Scholars have an impressive 85% graduation rate— 
more than double the national graduation rate for Black 
students overall. Scholarship recipients will also have 
an opportunity to join the Un-carrier’s signature 
summer internship program and receive mentorship 
and professional development opportunities. 

500%

increased investment in Magenta Scholars 
from $500K to $3M 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Continued

Commitment to Pay Equity
T-Mobile is committed to being an equitable and 
inclusive company in which we provide the best 
experience and opportunities for all our employees. 
Part of this commitment is to ensure that across all our 
business operations, our employees are paid equitably 
based on their work, regardless of gender, race/ethnicity, 
or other aspects of an employee’s identity not relevant to 
their work performance. 

Putting people first and treating them right is core to our 
values and how we operate. That’s why we embed 
principles and practices of equity in compensation 
packages (base salaries, bonuses, PTO, etc.) from the 
outset while considering factors such as market data, 
employee’s role and experience, job location, and 
performance.

T-Mobile evaluates and benchmarks our compensation 
program on an annual basis specific to regions in which 
we do business. Knowledge and best practices gained 
from these inputs are used to ensure that as we continue 
to evolve, all practices related to compensation will be in 
alignment with our broader commitments around 
putting diversity, equity, and inclusion at the center of 
everything we do for our employees, our customers, and 
our communities.

31

T-Mobile ERGs

Accessibility Community  
at T-Mobile

Multicultural 
Alliance

Multigenerational 
Network

PRIDE

Veterans & 
Allies Network

Women & 
Allies Network

Asia Pacific &  
Allies Network

Black Empowerment 
Network

Indigenous Peoples 
Network

Magenta Latinx 
Network

Employee-Led Diversity
T-Mobile’s ERGs started as a grassroots movement.
Now, they’re an important element of our culture with 
nearly 40% of employees participating in one or more 
ERG. Our six ERGs and four sub-affinity groups drive 
actions to solve business and employee pain points, 
amplify and celebrate the rich diversity of our 
employees’ culture, heritage, and experience. They help 
foster a sense of belonging by sparking conversations, 
provide formal and informal opportunities to practice 
and develop leadership skills, and play a consultant
role to the business. The members of our ERGs are 
dedicated to using their knowledge, experience,
passion, and compassion to make a difference in 
themselves, the community, and our company. 

Celebrating Our Freedoms 
Starting in 2021, T-Mobile recognized Juneteenth as 
an annual company holiday. We are proud to officially 
recognize this truly momentous American milestone, 
and feedback from our Black Empowerment Network 
ERG helped to bring about this change. 

50+

DE&I Chapters. This is where DE&I comes to life: 
where local advocates address business and people 
pain points, driving initiatives that are personal and 
applicable to their local teams and communities.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Continued

Joining Forces on a  
Military Hiring Mission
We’re inspired every month of the year 
by the dedication and sacrifice of those 
in uniform. And we honor the families 
who support them, relocate with them, 
and serve alongside them. With their 
unique perspectives and powerful skill 
sets, our military team members are 
high performers and strong leaders. 
They understand the values that make 
us unstoppable together.

It’s why we made a promise to hire 
10,000 veterans and military spouses 
by 2023. At the end of 2021, we reached 
69% of our goal and were once again 
designated by Military Friendly® as a top Military 
Friendly Employer and Military Spouse Friendly 
employer.

PROGRESS 

0

2021

69%

2023

10,000

Military Hires

To continue advancing toward this goal, we’re reaching 
out at hundreds of job fairs and Veterans Affairs offices 
across the country. We’re also partnering with not-for-
profit organizations such as Hiring our Heroes, FourBlock, 
and Warriors4Wireless to help fund career readiness 
programs and community support initiatives.

T-Mobile also expanded our successful TechX Returnship 
Program to include veterans. TechX Returnship is a 
partnership with reacHIRE and helps facilitate paths 
to leadership roles for women—and now veterans—
returning to the workforce in technology roles.
The program provides opportunities to those with 
tech-centric resumes who’ve taken a long professional 
career break to care for family members, raise children, 
or to serve in the military. 

32

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Continued

DE&I by the 
Numbers

Transparency drives accountability and we 
are committed to being transparent with 
our employee diversity metrics and holding 
ourselves accountable for improving as we 
progress on our DE&I journey. Additionally, 
for the first time, we published our Federal 
EEO-1 Report.

We’re proud of the progress we’ve made so far, while 
acknowledging that we still have room to improve as we 
press forward to create a more diversified and inclusive 
workforce that supports equal opportunities regardless 
of age, race, gender, ethnicity, color, sexual orientation, 
gender identity or expression, national origin, veteran  
or disability status.

33

American 
Indian or 
Alaska 
Native

Black or 
African 
American

Hispanic  
or Latino

Asian

Native 
Hawaiian 
or Other 
Pacific 
Islander

Two or 
More 
Races

Undeclared White

T-Mobile U.S. Race/Ethnicity by Position

Executive

People Manager

Individual Contributor

0.3%

0.6%

0.5%

11.4%

4.8%

5.5%

0.2%

2.3%

0.2%

8.3%

14.6%

22.0%

0.6%

3.5%

0.1%

9.7%

18.7%

27.6%

0.4%

4.6%

0.2%

75.3%

50.3%

38.2%

2021 T-Mobile U.S. Workforce 
Demographics

3,260

veterans*

4,283

individuals with 
disabilities*

2,292

LGBTQ+*

Grand Total

0.5%

9.6%

18.0%

26.6%

0.5%

4.4% 0.2%

40.3%

T-Mobile Total U.S. Workforce—Gender

T-Mobile U.S. Gender by Position

Executive

People Manager

Individual Contributor

Grand Total

Female

Male

Undeclared

33.8%

35.8%

41.7%

40.9%

66.1%

64.2%

58.2%

59.1%

0.1%

0.0%

0.1%

0.1%

All data is as of December 31, 2021; percentages by category may not add up to 100% due to rounding. 

40.9%

59.1%

Male
Female

T-Mobile Total U.S. Workforce—Race/Ethnicity

40.3%

White
People of color

*As self-identified as of 12/31/2021.

59.5%

 
 
 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE 
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Continued

“Second Best” 
Experiences 
Aren’t Good 
Enough

Ensuring everyone enjoys equal access  
to our products, services, and mobile 
experiences is paramount to our DE&I 
commitments. And that’s as true for  
our employees as it is for our customers.

Our dedicated Accessibility Resource Center (ARC) 
focuses on removing barriers in the digital space. In 
partnership with our DE&I team, they have continued 
to address enterprise-wide digital systems and tools to 
help improve the online experience for our customers 
and employees with disabilities. It’s our priority to ensure 
that nothing is “second best” when it comes to ensuring 
that our digital experience meets the needs of all our 
employees and customers.

In tandem with this work, nearly 30,000 Customer  
Care employees have undergone Accessibility  
Cultural Awareness training to help them  
better assist our customers with disabilities.

34

Additionally, T-Mobile offers accessibility options for 
customers such as alternate billing for individuals with 
visual impairments, free credits toward 411 directory 
services, RTT (real-time text), and easy-to-use handsets. 

T-Mobile is also the nation’s largest provider of 
Telecommunications Relay Services, enabling those 
with speech disabilities and hearing loss to communicate 
over the phone by using a specialized text telephone 
and operator service to convert voice communication 
into text. 

From store designs to office layouts and user experience 
(UX) design, our teams aim to create environments, 
products, and services that empower and engage 
employees and customers, creating the opportunity  
to thrive regardless of their needs or abilities.

All Access for All Employees
As an inclusive employer, we want every employee to 
have an equally rich experience at T-Mobile and be able 
to fully participate in our suite of programs, resources, 
and events. From staff meetings and all-employee 
events, to participating in our first-ever Accessibility 
Summit, optional wellness webinars, and ERGs, we 
believe everyone should be equally able to follow 
proceedings and contribute. We provide reasonable 
accommodations such as American Sign Language 
interpreters, captioning, and audio descriptions for every 
employee or candidate who indicates they need them. 

Listening Helps Us Learn
In 2021 we started hosting listening sessions in 
collaboration with our ERGs, inviting employees with 
disabilities to have an open discussion about current 
initiatives. These sessions provide an important space for 
productive dialogue and feedback and allow us to unlock 
wisdom and ideas from across our employee base.  

Partnering on Our Accessibility Journey 

Our external partnerships help us keep up with  
evolving accessibility trends and resources. Along with 
industry peers, we participate in working groups run by 
Disability:IN, a non-profit resource for business disability 
inclusion worldwide. This gives us the opportunity to 
work directly with subject matter experts and further 
enhance our own skills and programs. 

We also partner with the American Association for 
People with Disabilities (AAPD), a U.S.-based non-profit 
that advocates for Americans with disabilities. In 2021, 
we served for the first time as host company for one  
of their interns. And, we were recognized as a Leading 
Disability Employer by the National Organization  
on Disability.

2021 Accessibility at a Glance

100%
T-Mobile’s score on Disability:IN’s
Disability Equality Index for the
fifth year running

~30,000
Customer Care employees have taken our 
Accessibility Cultural Awareness training

50%
increase in American Sign Language 
interpreting staff* support 
*measured by FTE

Leading Disability Employer
designation from the National Organization 
on Disability

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Employee Engagement, Learning, and Development

We Won’t  
Stop Learning

T-Mobile is known as a great place
to advance and grow your career.
That’s thanks in part to the robust training
and career exploration opportunities
we offer to all levels and functions
throughout the company.

35

2021 Learning and Development Highlights

Our CareerFest event, a chance to 
explore career opportunities around 
T-Mobile, reached more than
8,700 employees

The Apprenticeship program had a
100% conversion rate
into non-apprentice T-Mobile roles for 
those who completed the program

Our lineup of development programs and resources 
was created to build a diverse group of leaders and 
empower our people to succeed through every step 
of their career. And it’s all easily accessible on our 
Magenta University site, which is our one-stop shop 
for all things career development and learning. 
The online learning portal is designed to put 
employees in the driver’s seat and give them  
access to mentoring, training, videos, books,  
job search and interview tips, and much more.

Employees participated in over
5.4 million hours 
of training* 

* Only includes trackable training hours completed 
in our formal Learning Management System by 
full-time and part-time employees.

15,700 employees
took part in our Day of Learning 
(and rated it 4.3 out of 5 stars)

Lead Magenta Next 
awarded the
i4cp Next 
Practice Award

Named in the 
2021 LinkedIn Top 
Companies list for best
workplaces to grow your career

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE 
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Employee Engagement, Learning, and Development Continued

By strategically investing in four key areas of career 
development and learning, we’re building a diverse 
group of strong leaders now and for the future. 

Evolving Skills and Careers

We’re champions of constant, lifelong improvement 
―regardless of career stage. For instance, our new 
Apprenticeship Program creates pathways for those 
without advanced degrees or experience. In 2021, the  
first cohort of apprentices began a 12-month journey  
to build their skills through classroom instruction,  
hands-on experience, and mentorship. The program 
offered apprenticeships in four roles—Associate 
Trainer, Analyst Business Support, Associate Expert, 
and Associate Systems Administrator. All the 
apprentices who completed the program went on 
to take jobs with us.

Championing DE&I

Apprentice Francia Mesa said:

I wouldn’t have qualified for a Sr. Business 
Analyst role if it wasn’t for the apprenticeship 
program. This program provided me the 
opportunity to learn new skills like Excel, SQL, and 
project management. The apprenticeship program 
equipped me with the knowledge I needed to be 
successful in my role and the ability to better 
support the frontline teams.”

For T-Mobile employees, we have an enterprise 
rotational program called CareerTrax to provide 
opportunities to gain experience in different parts of the 
business.

DE&I is central to the design of our career development 
and learning opportunities. Programs like our One 
Team, Together Learning Journey promote inclusive 
habits and behaviors at every level of the organization, 
while targeted programs like Lead Magenta Next 
help develop underrepresented talent and strengthen 
diversity at the leadership level.

In 2021 we partnered with McKinsey to deliver 
two programs that enhance the capabilities of 
underrepresented leaders. The McKinsey Manager 
Accelerator focuses on enhancing leadership 
mindsets and behaviors and deepens participant 
understanding of nine business topics. The McKinsey 
Executive Leadership Program equips future leaders

 with the peer network and sponsorship that helps 
them achieve their aspirations as well as develop new 
capabilities, mindsets, and behaviors.

India Boulton, Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs, 
T-Mobile, said:

The transition into the executive space 
specifically as a person of color wasn’t 
something that was taught to me in law school 

or during my corporate experience. This program lifted 
the veil on additional skills that I needed to navigate 
my career trajectory and provided me a network of 
leaders who looked like me and had overcome similar 
obstacles in organizational management and their 
pursuit of leadership opportunities.” 

Performance and Development

Feedback is foundational to performance improvement 
and career development. However, it’s most effective 
when conversations happen all year long. Programs like 
Accelerate My Performance (AMP) equip employees 
and managers with resources to have productive, 
ongoing development conversations. Employees also 
create Individual Development Plans (IDP) to help 
them assess and develop identified Values in Action and 
other behaviors with their manager’s support. 

Making connections that count can also help employees 
develop their skills so we added Mentor Match and 
Executive Sponsorship to our development programs in 
2021. Mentor Match connects employees to a mentor 
for career guidance, to diversify their network, and gain 
new knowledge and skills. The Executive Sponsorship 
program helps select Directors and Sr. Directors 
establish a formal sponsorship relationship with a 
VP or SVP in another line of business with the goal of 
accelerating their careers, expanding their network, and 
giving executives broader visibility of our diverse talent 
across T-Mobile.

36

Advancing Leadership Expertise

We want to develop and inspire great leaders across 
the company by helping employees unlock their 
potential and build critical skills to thrive as their 
responsibilities grow. 

We also launched Magenta Manager, which provides  
people managers with learning experience options  
to enhance their effectiveness and skills and foster  
a community and culture of leadership.

In 2021, we enhanced our leadership development 
programs to further empower existing and future 
leaders to grow in their careers through confidence. We 
added LeaderShift, a leadership development program 
for employees who want to SHIFT to the next level. 
This program was designed to grow the employee’s 
confidence and foster career growth through supported, 
personalized leadership development that helps them 
make an impact on their teams and the business. 

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Feature Story: Learning and Development

DEVELOPING NEW PATHWAYS 
FOR DIVERSE LEADERSHIP

We are so lucky to have had the 
opportunity to participate in Lead 

Magenta Next and present our concept to 
leaders… Not only did they understand the 
vision, but they incorporated it into their 
already amazing roadmap and expanded our 
concept even further. Can’t wait to see what 
new ideas and concepts come from the next 
generation of LMN leaders!”

In this new era of Un-carrier, we’re doubling 
down on our commitment to cultivate  
a culture of belonging. We do this by 
listening to our employees, creating career 
development programs centered on DE&I, 
and by addressing barriers underrepresented 
talent face at critical points in their careers. 
At T-Mobile, it’s important we open new 
pathways for development and increase 
leadership diversity across the company.

More Than Mentorship
Our Lead Magenta Next (LMN) leadership development 
program is aimed at putting underrepresented talent  
at the intersection of sponsorship, readiness, and 
opportunity. Sponsored by T-Mobile’s ERGs and 
designed with their guidance, LMN participants can  
be nominated by anyone in the company, including 
themselves, a feature that helps mitigate potential bias. 
The program also prioritizes sponsorship to help women 
and people of color build a network of advocates.  
By nurturing these relationships, LMN opens avenues  
for new partnerships across the enterprise, connects 

program participants to new opportunities, and brings 
together diverse groups of employees for innovative, 
authentic growth.

A Support Team Around Each Participant
The level of support provided to the 25-person cohorts  
is one reason the program has been so successful.  
A Personal Advisory Board is built around each 
participant and includes an internal mentor to guide 
them through the stretch assignment, an external 
mentor to assist with individual development planning, 
an executive sponsor to open networks and advocate,  
an internal executive recruiter to provide insight into 
hiring, and the participant’s manager to support 
engagement in the program.

“You get an external executive coach, and to me that  
was unique,” said Monic Payne, who participated in  
the program and is now a Director Product, Portfolio & 
Sourcing at T-Mobile. “Having this outside perspective 
really helped me to grow and look at things from a 
different view. Through this journey with Lead Magenta 
Next, I had the opportunity to apply for a director 
position. I called my internal executive sponsor and 
received guidance from my external executive coach 
during the process.”

37

Launched in 2020, this program is already seeing results 
with 28% of the participants being promoted within two 
months of completing the program. Sponsorship was 
reported as a key factor in gaining their promotions. 

Lawrence Garcia
Sr. Business Development Manager,  
Rural Consumer Group, MCA 2020 

28%

of the first Lead Magenta Next cohort were promoted 
within two months of completing the program

LMN was recognized by the Institute for Corporate 
Productivity (i4cp), a leading global human capital 
research firm, and named the i4cp Next Practice winner 
in 2021. i4cp Next Practice Awards recognize companies 
that are leading the way in HR, talent, and workforce 
innovation. This recognition is a testament to the impact 
the program is already having on driving development 
opportunities and diversity in our leadership.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Health, Safety, and Wellness

Benefits  
Tailored to  
Our Employees

Our employees take care of our customers, 
and we want to take care of them! All of  
our part-time and full-time employees—
from frontline to executives to back-office 
employees—have access to the same 
offerings, including health benefits . v

In 2021, we enhanced a range of benefits across the 
company to meet the diverse needs of our employees 
—from mental health benefits to higher hourly wages 
and family planning and reproductive health services. 

A Focus on Our Frontline 
It takes mastery and commitment to be part of the  
best customer care and retail team in the history of 
wireless. Today, T-Mobile frontline staff support not only 
our wireless, wireline, and accessibility businesses, but  
also emerging products and services divisions. 

To reflect the growing expectations and experience 
required of our frontline teams, we implemented a 
nationwide minimum pay of at least $20 per hour. 
This applies to every single employee regardless of 
role, or full-time or part-time status. And with total 
compensation—such as 401K matching and generous 
stock options—factored in, our starting hourly rate  
for all employees effectively rose to over $22 per hour. 
Specific to our care team, this represents an increase in 
total compensation up to 19% for over 12,000 members.

Helping resolve customer pain points is hard work!  
So we added 15-minute paid wellness breaks to the  
daily schedule of all customer experience center staff  
in 2021. Coupled with programs like our Parent Forums 
and financial literacy courses, our wellness initiatives 
help ensure our employees feel supported and equipped 
to tackle challenges inside and outside of the workplace. 

Helping People Stay Safe Through the Pandemic 
We continue to navigate the pandemic together— 
as One Team—and have implemented various measures 
to keep our T-Mobile community—our employees,  
our families, and our customers—safe. It’s been a 
journey, to say the least, and we’ve been inspired  
by our employees’ resilience, commitment, and  
passion in these truly unprecedented times. 

Information about health and safety resources and policy 
changes is communicated to all employees regularly 
through multiple channels, including our Stay Healthy 
Together internal website. This centralized hub provides 
the latest updates related to COVID-19, resources to 
support employees, and guidance to help us all work 
toward a new, better normal. 

We also continued our educational series, COVID 
Connect, with Dr. Vin Gupta, a Critical Care 
Pulmonologist and Assistant Professor of Health Metrics 
Sciences at the University of Washington. The series 
fosters ongoing conversations with a credentialed health 
expert and our employees on key COVID-related topics. 
T-Mobile also works closely with Dr. Gupta on options 
and critical decisions for our business to keep our 
employees, customers, and communities safe. 

38

v  Excludes interns who are classified as temporary employees.

2021 Employee Benefits 
Highlights

Increased free mental health visits from 5 to 10  
on a per incident (not per year) basis

Rolled out new benefits in response to employee 
requests, including up to three weeks paid leave  
to care for a family member

Launched a diabetes program that includes 
personal diabetes coaching and free equipment  
in response to worsening diabetes through  
the pandemic

Improved our short-term disability coverage  
and bonding periods related to childbirth

Offered benefits that address a wide range of 
family planning and reproductive health services

Made big changes to our prescription benefits, 
including adding an innovative program that 
provides specialty medications at no cost to the 
employee, which are often prohibitively expensive

Partnered with healthcare providers to roll out a 
broader set of services via virtual care, at lower 
cost to employees 

Enabled employees to purchase long-term care 
plans in case they need it later in life

Included in Comparably’s Best Perks and Benefits 
list for four consecutive years  

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Health, Safety, and Wellness Continued

Rethinking a Renovation in Real Time 

Removing Barriers
T-Mobile is committed to removing barriers for 
employees to access our benefits whenever possible. 
For example, we pay tuition expenses up front for 
employees wishing to further their education, making it 
easier to attend school on a part-time basis by not having 
to worry about fronting out-of-pocket costs. It’s also why 
we’re constantly evolving current benefits to better meet 
the needs of our employee base.

~$20.2M

paid in tuition assistance for  
more than 5,500 employees

39

In January 2022, we enhanced our employee assistance 
program even further to ensure the clinicians taking  
calls better represent the demographics of ALL of  
our employees.

COMPANY OWNERSHIP  
CREATES A DIFFERENT MINDSET

Every member of our team is given the opportunity 
to be an owner of the company. Since 2014, we  
have awarded annual restricted stock unit grants  
to eligible employees at every level of the company 
so that everyone can truly share in T-Mobile’s 
performance. We also offer an employee stock 
purchase program, where employees can  
purchase TMUS stock at a 15% discount  
through payroll deduction.

When COVID-19 began sweeping the world, T-Mobile 
had to pivot its ambitious renovation plans for 
our headquarters in Bellevue, WA and Overland 
Park, KS to incorporate the enhanced safety 
measures we knew would become commonplace  
in a post-pandemic world. 

Darcey Estes, Vice President, Corporate Real Estate, and 
her team got to work searching for ways to mesh her goal 
of creating inspiring spaces with a heightened emphasis 
on creating the safest environments possible during 
a pandemic. Heating, ventilation and air-conditioning 
(HVAC) systems were upgraded to maximize filtration 
in all buildings and MERV 13 filters were installed in all 
buildings (where mechanically feasible). 

Incredible new co-working spaces, high-tech 
conference rooms, creative social spaces, and 

top-of-the line amenities were enhanced 
to integrate COVID-19 health and safety 
features like social distancing signage,  
capacity limits, sanitation stations,  
and contactless building features.

Not only did Estes’ team pivot mid- 
stride to rethink headquarter office 
renovations, they also worked to get all 
regional corporate office locations and 
24 customer experience centers, in 
addition to the Bellevue and Overland 
Park headquarters, certified through the 
WELL Health-Safety rating, a first for our 
industry. The rating was created by the 
International WELL Building Institute, the 
global authority on healthy buildings, and incorporates 
guidance from more than 600 public health experts 
from around the world.

Estes says, “Since the very early days of the 
pandemic, T-Mobile has been focused on doing 
everything we can to ensure our customers and 
employees feel healthy and supported when 
they step into any of our spaces, and this WELL 
Health-Safety rating reflects our immense 
dedication to those efforts.”

Thanks to this work, T-Mobile spaces are both inspiring 
and safe, reflecting our commitment to employee  
and customer health and safety. It’s just one more 
reason why T-Mobile is a great place to work. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

OUR COMMUNITIES

DIGITAL 
EMPOWERMENT

40

DIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENTDIGITAL EMPOWERMENT2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Our Communities
Connectivity is essential in our daily lives. 
The global pandemic over the past two 
years has been a powerful reminder of  
the increasingly critical role connectivity 
plays in our daily lives—from accessing 
education, healthcare, jobs, and social 
services, to staying in contact with loved 
ones and the world around us. T-Mobile  
is passionate about enabling everyone  
to have access to the connectivity, 
technology, and skills needed to thrive in a 
digital world. From supporting community 
partners to investing in education initiatives 
and providing disaster relief, our focus is on 
empowering people with the tools they 
need to make their essential connections.

41

2021 Highlights

3.2M

students connected 
through Project 10Million 
education programs

~$1.89B

provided in funding and in-kind 
products and services to support 
communities

94%

of Americans covered 
by our Extended Range 
5G network

2
5

000
,

e
mp

loy

ee v

olunteer hours

Supported nearly

1,500

school districts through  
Project 10Million

8,000+

non-profits and 
community organizations 
supported

In e

v sted i
n

75

mall towns across 
s
America through our 
Hometown Grants 
program

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Feature Story: Digital Equity

3.2M STUDENTS 
CONNECTED 
AND COUNTING

Connectivity has become a baseline 
requirement for accessing the opportunities, 
resources, and information needed to thrive 
in our hyper-connected world. And nowhere 
is this more true than in education―the 
great social leveler―where students 
without reliable connectivity are at a clear 
disadvantage.

That’s why, in 2020, T-Mobile launched Project 10Million, 
our $10.7 billion commitment to end the digital divide  
in education. 

Project 10Million provides free internet service and free 
mobile hotspots to under-connected households with 
school-aged children, aiming to reach up to 10 million 
eligible households over five years. Individual families 
with qualifying students can sign up directly online. We 
also reach students by partnering with schools. 

The program also offers school districts free and highly 
subsidized data plans that they can provide to their 
students for free, as well as access to affordable laptops 
and tablets. 

Through our education initiatives, we’ve connected 
3.2 million students through the end of 2021—and we’re 
not stopping there.

Working with Schools to Close the Gaps
We have worked with thousands of school districts 
across the country to identify where access  

42

to connectivity is needed most to get students enrolled 
into the program. We couldn’t be prouder of the impact 
we’ve had!

For example, in March 2020, just 12% of the 35,000 
students in Oakland Unified School District (OUSD) in 
Oakland, CA, had adequate connectivity at home. And 
while an emergency donation enabled many of them to 
have tablets and laptops, they couldn’t do much without 
connectivity. Through Project 10Million, T-Mobile quickly 
provided hotspot connectivity to the district’s students 
and within a few months, 98% of the school district’s 
students were connected. 

In Chicago, T-Mobile partnered with city officials to 
identify and connect more than 26,000 student 
households in underserved communities to help get 
these kids the right tools to compete academically.

And in Miami-Dade, FL we continue to partner with 
educators to understand critical needs and where 
Project 10Million can have the greatest impact. As part 
of these efforts, we distributed 5,000 hotspots in one 
day and are working to connect almost 35,000 students. 

Leveraging this education expertise to 
work hand-in-hand with school district 

leadership teams has allowed us to expand the 
conversation beyond access and into the core of 
impactful student learning outcomes as a result 
of student internet access. These vital industry 
relationships support greater device adoption, 
scalable connectivity solutions, and more 
sustainable implementation of student 
connectivity programs.”

Dr. Kiesha King
Sr. National Education Administrator, T-Mobile

Collaborating and partnering with educators both 
outside and within T-Mobile has been an impactful 
feature of the program. Our in-house staff of education 
administrators have experience in navigating both  
the education system and the classroom.

While we’ve made huge strides toward bridging the 
digital divide and advocating for universal connectivity, 
there’s still more to do to ensure all students have the 
opportunity―and technology―to thrive. As we look 
ahead, we’re working to leverage partnerships with 
school districts, non-profits, and local officials across  
the country to expand Project 10Million’s reach. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Feature Story: Digital Equity Continued

The T-Mobile Project 10Million has had a major impact on 
the students in our district. Brocton Central School is a small 

rural district with some areas where high speed internet is not 
possible through the typical means via cable, fiber, or DSL, due to 
geographic location. The district has been struggling to find funds 
to supply our students with internet in our community for remote 
instruction and access to online resources. With Project 10Million 
we have been able to connect those students and families with 
hotspots which have been critical for learning during the pandemic. 
Even as we have transitioned back to in-person learning, an internet 
connection is a necessity for today’s classrooms to prepare 
students for higher learning and their future workplaces.”

Michael Schultz
Director of Technology and Communications  
& Chief Data Privacy Officer, 
Brocton Central School, NY 

For many of our students and their families, internet 
access is not only about access to educational 

resources, but a lifeline to online telehealth services, job 
exploration resources, or safety net programs. When we 
decided to accelerate and expand our efforts to provide our 
students and their families with reliable internet connectivity 
at home, T-Mobile and Project 10Million were the obvious 
choice for us to partner with. What we needed was a partner 
who not only understood our needs, but who would align  
their goals with ours and be mutually invested in our mission. 

We know our work isn’t done yet, but T-Mobile and Project 
10Million are committed to continue working with us until 
access to reliable internet is a reality for all students of 
Miami-Dade County Public Schools.”

Sylvia J. Diaz
Chief Academic Officer,  
Miami-Dade County Public Schools, FL

PROJECT 10MILLION 
IMPACT STORIES

Education is essential, it ensures the future  
of our communities and our country. However, 
it only works when all students have the same access 
to instruction regardless of their demographic 
circumstances. T-Mobile safeguarded our ability  
to provide equity and inclusion to all of our families 
through Project 10Million. My team and the entire 
Borough of Middlesex are infinitely thankful for this. 
Helping people in their time of need is a rare quality  
in internet service providers.” 

Damien J. Dimino
Technology Manager, Middlesex Borough School 
District, NJ

43

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Digital Equity

ACCESS AND 
AFFORDABILITY 

Ensuring that everyone thrives in a digital 
world means starting with access to 
affordable, available, and reliable 
connectivity. Beyond investing in 
programs like Project 10Million, T-Mobile 
has been rapidly building out our network 
to deliver the broadest and deepest 5G 
experience across the country—including 
rural areas—while providing more 
affordable options to families with limited 
incomes to support a more connected, 
digitally equitable future. Because no one 
should be left behind when it comes to 
connectivity—regardless of their 
economic circumstance or their ZIP code.

30

M

ds eligible 

househol
for our service at 
time of launch

HIGH SPEED INTERNET THAT  
REACHES PLACES FIBER OPTICS CAN’T 

America’s vastness is a beautiful thing―unless you 
are installing broadband. Running a fiber connection 
to every home in the country is economically 
unfeasible, which leaves nearly 15% of households 
with only one choice for home broadband; in rural 
areas that jumps to nearly 35%vi.

T-Mobile’s High Speed Internet changes that. 
When launched in April 2021, more than 30 million 
households were eligible for our service, including 
10 million in rural America, turning T-Mobile into one 
of the largest broadband providers in the U.S. by 
service area. Access quickly expanded to more 
homes across the Southeast, Texas, Indiana, 
Kentucky, and Ohio, and continues to grow rapidly 
as our 5G coverage grows.

CONNECT BY T-MOBILE: A PLAN 
MILLIONS MORE CAN AFFORD 

Delivering on our promise to make connectivity more accessible, 
Connect by T-Mobile helps close the digital divide by putting 
connectivity within easy reach of more people. The plan provides a 
low-cost option to help connect millions of low-income families 
and individuals—because no one should have to choose between 
staying connected and paying for other basic necessities. 

44

GOING ALL IN ON SMALL-TOWN AMERICA 

T-Mobile is going ALL IN to be the leader in America’s 
underserved smaller markets and rural areas. At the 
end of 2021, our 5G network spanned 1.8 million 
square miles, with 1.45 million of that covering small 
town America. As our network expansion continues, 
we plan to reach 99% of Americans with 5G by the 
end of 2023. This is where our network leadership 
stands out, as we’re the only 5G game in town for 
many of these communities. For more details on how 
we help smaller towns across America thrive, see the 
story on Hometown Grants.

CONNECTING OUR HEROES

We count on first responders, and they  
can count on us. We’re proud to offer  
our groundbreaking Connecting Heroes 
program, a 10-year commitment to  
provide free service and 5G access to  
first responder agencies—all public and 
non-profit state and local fire, 911, police 
and EMS departments—saving them up  
to $7 billionvii. In 2021, T-Mobile made 
enhancements to the program, including 
priority access AND preemption for both 
voice calls and data for first responders 
enrolled in the Wireless Priority Service 
(WPS) program. So not only do first 
responders get to the front of the line at 
T-Mobile, but if the network ever becomes 
crowded in an emergency, non-emergency 
traffic drops to make way for first 
responders’ critical communications.

vi  Highspeedinternet.com Why Can I Only Get a Few 
Internet Providers? | HighSpeedInternet.com
vii  Estimated savings if every department takes 

advantage of the program.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Digital Equity Continued

Investing in a 
More Digitally 
Inclusive Society

Access to connectivity is no longer enough in our digital 
world. Most aspects of daily life require the ability  
to navigate the internet proficiently and safely, from 
banking to civic engagement and finding employment. 
Furthermore, as digitization expands across all facets of 
the economy, those who lack the skills to compete are 
increasingly left behind. That’s why T-Mobile has begun 
to expand our focus on digital equity to include digital 
literacy and critical job skills needed to compete and 
thrive in the digital economy.

Digital literacy is just as important as 
connectivity. Every day, as well as widening 
access to our network, T-Mobile supports 
digital literacy programs for people who face 
the highest barriers, including seniors, people 
of color, and people in rural areas.”

Clint Odom
Vice President for Policy and Advocacy, T-Mobile

45

The Lewis Latimer Plan— 
a New Deal on Digital Inclusion
T-Mobile is committed to fostering a digitally inclusive 
society and is a a supporter of the Lewis Latimer plan, 
a blueprint for digital equity for all that addresses  
four achievable goals: 

■	 Deploying networks everywhere

■	 Getting everyone connected

■	 Creating new economic opportunities to 

participate in the growth of the digital economy

■	 Using the networks to improve the delivery of key 
services, particularly in workforce development, 
healthcare, and education

Parts of the plan have been incorporated into the 
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, with 
$2.75 billion allocated for the Digital Equity Act to 
help improve states’ and local governments’ digital 
inclusion efforts. The Act also introduced the federal 
government’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP), 
which subsidizes connectivity for eligible citizens. 

We are doing our part to keep more income-insecure 
households connected and broaden access to 5G for 
All. Metro by T-Mobile and Assurance Wireless® are 
participating in the ACP where eligible households 
receive a $30 monthly discount (up to $75 on 
qualifying tribal lands, as determined by the FCC) 
toward internet service on certain plans. We’re 
proud to be a leading wireless provider chosen 
by consumers participating in the ACP. 

Supporting Digital Literacy  
for Hispanic/Latino Communities 
As part of our Equity In Action plan, we 
have furthered our long-standing 
support of the country’s largest and 
most influential Hispanic/Latino 
advocacy organizations—the League of 
United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) 
and UnidosUS (formerly National 
Council of La Raza). According to 
McKinsey, Hispanic/Latino business 
owners and workers are more likely 
than other demographics to encounter 
barriers to digital reskilling and 
consequentially leaving them behind 
in digital opportunities. T-Mobile’s 
support of digital literacy aims to 
address inequities experienced by 
Hispanic/Latino students and business 
owners and bring digital literacy 
programs directly to growing Hispanic/Latino 
communities across the U.S. 

T-Mobile began supporting LULAC’s Conexiones 
program in 2021. Key pillars of the program include an 
introduction to digital privacy and security, using the 
internet to conduct research and to identify 
misinformation, combating cyberbullying, building a 
healthy self-image and digital reputation,  
and cultivating positive relationships online. 

In 2021, we also supported the Unidos Latinx in Business 
program, which aims to help Hispanic/Latino business 
owners thrive in a digital world. Program participants 
learned how to use affordable technological solutions 
including 5G connectivity, digital payments, and 
budgeting apps to streamline their business operations. 
The Latinx in Business program also offers overviews on 
how to use email, social media, and texting to provide 
customer service, as well as timely information on 
COVID-19-specific federal aid programs for small 
businesses, and COVID-19 safety protocols.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Digital Equity Continued

Closing the Digital Divide in California 
In 2021, T-Mobile continued to honor our commitment 
to the California Emerging Technology Fund (CETF) for 
contributions earmarked for digital literacy training and 
other digital inclusion programs for low-income and 
unconnected Californians. 

Breaking Down Barriers and Creating  
Opportunities for LGBTQ+ Youth
As a longstanding partner of the Human Rights 
Campaign (HRC), we made a five-year commitment 
to support the HRC Foundation as it launches a new 
initiative to provide digital literacy and financial 
empowerment training and resources for disadvantaged 
LGBTQ+ youth, helping this vulnerable population lead 
safer, healthier lives. The training includes education 
about cyberbullying and internet safety, as well as the 
basics of budgeting and financial management. HRC’s 
new programming will provide critical understanding 
and new skills that can help disadvantaged LGBTQ+ 
youth lead healthy, productive lives.

Helping Entrepreneurs Build  
their Skills with Magenta Edge 
With Magenta Edge, the mission is simple: to help small 
business owners get ahead. Founded in early 2021  
with a focus on Black-owned small businesses that  
have been disproportionately impacted by COVID-19, 
Magenta Edge serves as a hub of original content  
to help small business owners learn and execute as  
they navigate the ups and downs of entrepreneurship. 

Magenta Edge provides educational programming,  
real stories, and insight for all entrepreneurs, and  
covers a range of business topics, from marketing  
and communications to business finances and digital  
taxes. It has featured successful small businesses we  
love here at T-Mobile such as Abbey Creek Winery, 

46

BOOMBOX Gym, REC Philly, ZEN Succulent and Big 
Mama’s Kitchen (pictured below clockwise from top left).  
To see videos featuring these small businesses, visit the 
Magenta Edge website.

Going forward, the program’s content will continue  
to evolve and expand with a focus on ALL minority-
owned small businesses.

379K

Unique visitors engaged in the  
Magenta Edge curriculum in 2021

21K

signed up for digital workshops

EXTENDING A WELCOME TO 
REFUGEES WITH WELCOME.US

Global unrest and conflict have created a massive 
refugee crisis. In countries like Afghanistan and 
Ukraine, families have been forced to leave their 
homes and begin the difficult process of rebuilding 
their lives in a new environment. For those who have 
left everything behind, connectivity is an essential 
lifeline to help them establish their new lives here  
in the U.S. 

That’s why, in early 2022, T-Mobile’s Mike Sievert 
joined 35 other CEOs from leading companies across 
business sectors to form the Welcome.US CEO 
Council. Through a unique public/private partnership 
model, newcomers to the U.S. are provided with 
urgently needed products, services, job training, and 
employment opportunities to help them begin their 
new lives. T-Mobile is contributing up to 200,000 
lines of free, unlimited talk, text, and data for one year 
to help support incoming Afghan and Ukrainian 
refugees being resettled in the U.S. We are proud of 
this partnership and our contribution as it highlights 
the critical importance of our mission―to be the best 
in the world at connecting customers to their world.

Digital Workshops
A workshop series where small 
businesses receive advice and best 
practices on a variety of topics in 
sessions led by industry experts.

Original Stories
A documentary style mini-series 
exposing and highlighting the unique 
challenges Black-owned businesses 
face, exacerbated by COVID, and 
how they achieved success.

Resource Center
A small business content hub 
featuring original articles and 
learning materials powered by the 
Magenta Edge curriculum.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Empowering Employees to Give Back 
Nowhere is our magenta heart more visible than  
in the communities our employees call home. Through 
the T-Mobile Foundation, we empower our employees  
to volunteer and donate to the causes they care most 
about, matching up to $2,000 in donations or volunteer 
hours per calendar year. 

Because not everyone is able to volunteer or donate to 
the causes they hold dear, we seed employees’ giving 
accounts with funds that enables them to give back, on 
us, at select times throughout the year. Additionally, all 
new employees that join T-Mobile automatically receive 
giving funds as part of their welcome. 

In 2021, our employees showed up as an unstoppable 
force for good, personally donating nearly $3.7 million  
to local communities and volunteering over 52,000  
hours of their time―despite continued constraints 
posed by COVID-19 restrictions. 

Philanthropy

Giving Back the 
T-Mobile Way

Our approach to philanthropy brings 
together our most valuable assets―our 
technology, scale, and employees―with 
the aspiration of creating a connected 
world where everyone can thrive. 

We focus our philanthropic investments in areas that 
advance digital empowerment and support employee-
driven community engagement. This approach positions 
us to drive meaningful impact on societal issues that 
we can credibly and authentically influence while 
empowering our employees to give back to the causes 
most important to their hearts and their communities. 
Our work supporting our communities was recognized  
on PEOPLE’s 2021 100 Companies That Care list. 

In 2021, we donated more than $1.89 billion as a 
company and through the T-Mobile Foundation to 
communities across the U.S. and Puerto Rico. This 
represents $32.8 million in charitable donations from the 
T-Mobile Foundation and the business, and $1.86 billion 
through in-kind product and service donations including 
Project 10Million educational initiatives and disaster 
relief efforts.

47

Changemaker Challenge:  
Finding the Ideas That Will Change the World

Our senior leaders were so impressed they couldn’t 
choose just one winner. Instead, all four projects 
shared the prize:

Technology
Operation Serenity (Rochester, MN): An app that  
gives pediatric patients preparing for surgery  
peace of mind through kid-friendly simulations.

Environment
Aqua-Pods (San Jose, CA): A 100% plant-based, 
biodegradable sponge that combats water waste  
and leads to more fertile soil.

Education
Medicine Encompassed (North Brunswick, NJ):  
A student-run non-profit organization working to  
solve the problem of underrepresentation in medicine.

Family Challenge
Terracan (Bellevue, WA): A smart trash can and  
app that calculates your waste footprint to help  
reduce garbage.

We can’t wait to see what new trails these  
young innovators will blaze in years to come.

T-Mobile searches for the changemakers of the  
future and helps them move forward with their 
world-changing ideas. 

The Changemaker Challenge is an annual nationwide 
contest that mobilizes the next generation to imagine 
and plan how to create positive change in their 
communities. In 2021, we brought in 15 teams of 
visionary teens to our headquarters in Bellevue, WA, 
for the three-day Changemaker Challenge Lab.

The top teams in each category (Environment, 
Education, Technology, and Family Challenge) pitched 
their ideas to change the world to T-Mobile executives 
for the chance to win a $15,000 seed funding  
grand prize. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Philanthropy Continued

GIVING BACK, 
TOGETHER

Throughout the year, T-Mobile rallies 
employees across the company to give 
back, together. And, for an extra dose of 
goodness, we often invite our customers 
to join us.

DONORSCHOOSE

We were proud to help support 
teachers across the nation through 
DonorsChoose, a national 
non-profit that enables individuals 
to donate directly to public school 
classroom projects. Together with 
our customers, we raised nearly 
$2 million to provide classrooms 
across the country with critically 
needed school supplies. 

PAY AWAY THE LAYAWAY

For the second year in a row, we 
partnered with Pay Away the 
Layaway, an extraordinary non-
profit organization that pays off 
layaway balances for people facing 
economic insecurity. Through the 
generosity of our employees 
and customers, we raised over 
$1 million in 2021 to pay layaway 
balances for military families and 
people in rural communities.

DE&I GIVING MONTH

We held our first-ever focused DE&I giving month 
where the T-Mobile Foundation distributed a 
$20,000 grant each to six charities hand-selected by 
our ERGs and hosted a 2:1 matching opportunity for 
all employees that donated to these six charities. 
Our employees engaged in record numbers, raising 
nearly $250,000, including a match from the 
T-Mobile Foundation.

48

4

7
,

94

class

roo

m p

rojects funded

As a new teacher in a low-income 
area I could never have done this 
without your help. My students 
and I thank you.”

Ms. Middleton
Grades PreK-2 | Peoria, IL

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Philanthropy Continued

Hometown Grants: Revitalizing Small Towns Across the Country

Our village parks and recreation board 
has worked hard with very modest 
funding to provide continued improvements 
which in turn support our growing economy. 
Today, T-Mobile is helping us to launch a new 
adventure with new breath and freedom to 
build on new ideas. We look forward to the 
many great benefits that our community will 
have as a result of T-Mobile’s generosity.” 

Ken Van Portfliet
Village Council President of Lake Orion

abused women and their children, the Hometown Grant 
winners create amazing projects that bring long-lasting 
benefits to their communities. 

At the end of 2021, the Un-carrier had given more  
than $3.3 million to support projects that are bringing 
economic opportunity and other benefits to 75 small 
towns in 35 states. 

To make sure we direct funds in a way that transforms 
communities, we’ve partnered with Smart Growth 
America and Main Street America, two organizations 
with a combined 60+ years’ experience building 
resilient and prosperous small towns and rural 
communities. By collaborating with our partners and 
community stakeholders on the ground, we are building 
lasting relationships centered on trust and shared goals. 

Community Helping Community 
Take the town of Lake Orion, MI, from the first round of 
grant recipients announced in fall 2021. The community 
wanted to enhance one of its lakeside parks with a 
pavilion and playground equipment—and we wanted to 
help. In addition to our financial support, team members 
from our nearby retail store and local marketing teams 
rolled up their sleeves and assisted with construction 
during the one-day community build. 

Hometown Grants isn’t just about responsibility.  
It’s the kind of commitment that wins word-of-mouth 
recognition and earns long-term customer loyalty. 

As part of our larger commitment to rural America and 
our aim to achieve 5G for All, we are committed to 
helping smaller towns across America thrive.

In 2021, T-Mobile launched an innovative program 
focused on investing money and volunteer energy into 
the community projects that residents of small towns  
really care about. Hometown Grants is our five-year, 
$25 million commitment that awards up to $50,000 
each to 25 different small towns every quarter through 
2026. From revitalizing a historic theater to creating an 
arts and innovation incubator to renovating a shelter for 

49

Disasters all have the same backbone.  
They just have different arms and different  

feet. A wildfire is slightly different than  
a hurricane, which is different than civil  
unrest, which is completely different than 
COVID or an earthquake or volcanic eruption.  
The one constant is the help needed.” 

Becky Romero
Senior Manager, Business Continuity, T-Mobile

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Disaster Relief

When Disaster 
Strikes, 
Connecting 
People Is  
Our Priority

Disasters wreak havoc when they strike, 
making connectivity paramount to first 
responders, local authorities, and impacted 
communities. We prepare year-round for 
disaster scenarios to be ready at a moment’s 
notice with critical network support and 
connectivity supplies. 

Thanks to our distributed model of warehouses around 
the country, we can quickly deploy supplies and our 
emergency management fleet, including satellite-
enabled vehicles, mobile command centers, Cells on 
Wheels (COWs) and Cells on Light Trucks (COLTs), to 
impacted areas. Vehicles can be almost anywhere in 
the U.S. within 12 hours to set up charging stations and 
provide other much-needed personal cellular supplies. 
In 2021, we utilized this model to respond to everything 
from flooding in Tennessee and tornadoes in Georgia and 
Kentucky, to Hurricane Ida in Louisiana, and a search  
and rescue in Washington. 

$2.9M

worth of in-kind products and services  
for disaster relief efforts provided

To enhance safety protocols for our employees, we 
established a virtual command center in 2021 in 
partnership with Everbridge. This allows us to quickly 
identify employees and buildings in areas impacted by 
disasters and connect with them quickly through a mass 
identification tool.

50

In addition to these initiatives, we are improving our 
network resiliency by implementing a multi-year network 
hardening plan, making sure our network is ready for all 
types of emergencies and natural disasters. We’re 
investing in constant testing and improvements to our 
network’s backup and response systems including 
thousands of generators, advanced relief and recovery 
tools, and coordination and mobilization plans for 
supporting customers and their communities in critical 
times. Our Network Operations Centers (NOCs) run 24/7 
during natural disasters, allowing our experienced 
technicians and engineers to monitor our network traffic 
demands and weather impacts in real time.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Disaster Relief Continued

Forecasting with StormGeo
Accurately tracking a storm’s path and severity is critical 
for our Emergency Management Team to be ready to 
respond and assist with recovery efforts and restore 
connectivity to our customers.

To help us respond quickly, we work with StormGeo, a 
pioneering weather forecasting operation that helps us 
stay ahead of the weather, identify regions under threat, 
and pinpoint, down to the tower and switch level, the 

Inside one of our Mobile Command Centers

assets that could be impacted by wind, flood, or  
wildfire. This gives us crucial time to prepare for 
situations like power outages and roll in alternative 
sources of electricity.

In the Eye of Ida

Hurricane Ida was one of the strongest and costliest 
hurricanes to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Katrina. 
150 mph winds battered the southern state, leaving 
more than a million without power. A few days later, 
the remnants of the hurricane caused severe flooding 
in the Northeast U.S. as well. Federal emergencies 
were declared in Louisiana, Mississippi, New York,  
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Thanks to early warning 
systems and our partnership with StormGeo, we were 
prepared and had closed over 150 stores in affected 
areas before Ida made landfall. Only three stores 
sustained damage. 

51

Seeing Our Employees through Tough Times
For countless people, including T-Mobile employees, 
Ida threw life into turmoil. Our first move, as with any 
emergency, was to account for our people through 
Everbridge. Once everyone was deemed safe, we 
quickly got to work identifying on-the-ground needs. 
T-Mobile offers an Individual Emergency Assistance 
program for our employees that provides financial  
help to see people through tough times. Following Ida, 
77 individual emergency relief funds were approved, 
dispensing $115,000 in financial assistance to help 
impacted employees cover costs ranging from  
home damage to basic needs such as food, clothes, 
and shelter.

Helping Residents in Trouble
Residents gathered in recreation centers, schools,  
and churches. Our community support team, including 
volunteers, was there to help them, giving out over 
5,000 pre-activated phones, chargers, and cables so 
they could keep connected, call for further assistance, 
and communicate with loved ones.

A total of $1.3 million in supplies was handed out in  
28 locations throughout Lafayette, Baton Rouge,  
New Orleans, and surrounding parishes. And when  
the Mayor of New Orleans contacted us about helping 
the community get relief from the heat, we helped 
support four cooling centers at her request. Team 
Magenta went above and beyond the call of duty  
to do what we could to help people in the aftermath  
of one of the state’s worst disasters.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

TTHHE E   
EENVINVIRORONNMMEENNTT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

THE ENVIRONMENT

THRIVING 
PLANET

52

THRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANETTHRIVING PLANET2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

The Environment
Ensuring connectivity for more than  
100 million people requires a substantial 
investment in infrastructure, real estate, 
and our supply chain―all of which can 
have an impact on the environment.  
That’s why T-Mobile is taking ambitious 
steps to operate more sustainably to create 
a more sustainable future for everyone. 
We’re proud to be making real, measurable 
progress, including being the first in the 
U.S. wireless industry to be powered with 
100% renewable electricity. We also 
achieved our science-based targets (SBTs) 
four years ahead of schedule, and we’re 
working to reduce waste and responsibly 
manage the lifecycle of our products. By 
mobilizing our resources, people, and 
partnerships, we can be an unstoppable 
force for good for the planet.

2021 Highlights

100%

of our electricity 
is sourced from 
renewable energyviii

11.6M

customer devices reused, 
resold or recycled

A-

on the CDP Climate  
Change assessment

Achieved SBT:

97% reduction

in combined absolute scope  
1 & 2 GHG emissions from 2016 levels

Achieved SBT:

16%

reduction
in scope 3 emissions per 
customer from 2016 levels

energy 
reduction

of 14%+ (MWh) per PB 
of data from 2019 levels

$1.6M

donated to The Nature 
Conservancy since 2018

78% of our  
new wireless 
handset models 
certified through 
UL ECOLOGO® 
and EPEAT

53

viii T-Mobile matches its own annual electrical usage with renewable energy from a portfolio of sources including: virtual power purchase agreements, a green direct program, renewable retail agreements, and unbundled REC purchases.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Feature Story: Climate Change

WE DREAM BIG AND  
DELIVER FOR THE PLANET

In early 2018, we set our sights on an 
ambitious renewable energy goal to reduce 
our carbon footprint. We went ALL IN by 
joining RE100, a global corporate renewable 
energy initiative, and setting out to source 
ALL of our electricity from renewable energy 
by 2021. And we didn’t stop there. We 
pushed ourselves to be just as intentional 
about setting ambitious carbon reduction 
targets. That meant setting targets backed 
by science and approved by the leading, 
global body in this space, the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi).

In 2019, we became the first U.S. wireless provider to 
have two science-based targets vetted and approved  
by the SBTi and aligned to the 1.5°C ambition. The first 
addressed our operational footprint and aimed to reduce 
our combined absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 
95% by 2025ix. The second addressed emissions beyond 
our operations across the rest of our value chain and 

aimed to reduce scope 3 GHG emissions by 15% per 
customer by 2025 .ix

We’re proud to have achieved our science-based targets 
four years ahead of schedule AND met our goal to source 
100% of our purchased electricity from clean, renewable 
energy. 

TARGET
Source 100% renewable 
electricity by 2021.

TARGET
Reduce combined absolute scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions by 95% by 
2025 from a 2016 baseline.

TARGET
Reduce scope 3 GHG emissions 
by 15% per customer by 2025 
from a 2016 baseline.

PROGRESS

PROGRESS

PROGRESS

100%

100%

100%

By the end of 2021, we sourced 
100% of our electricity from 
renewable energyx.

By the end of 2021, combined 
absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions decreased by 97.1% 
since 2016.

By the end of 2021, scope 3 GHG 
emissions intensity decreased by 
16.3% per customer since 2016.

The Carbon Journey Ahead
These achievements demonstrate our commitment and 
drive to lead our industry by example. And we’re not 
stopping. The science is clear: only through relentless 
pursuit of progress can we put the planet on the right 
path to prevent the most catastrophic impacts of climate 
change. As a bigger and better company with even 
bigger and bolder aspirations, we have the size, scale, 
and reach to make courageous changes and inspire 
collective climate action. The journey is full of 
opportunities for us to be a catalyst for change and to 
drive sustainability across our transformational 5G 
wireless network, our buildings and retail stores, and 
across our entire value chain in ways that have a positive 
impact on our customers, employees, and the planet. 

When it comes to playing our part in securing a thriving, 
sustainable world, T-Mobile is ALL IN.

54

x  T-Mobile matches its own annual electrical usage with renewable energy from a portfolio of sources including: virtual power purchase agreements, a green direct program, 

ix  Using a 2016 baseline.

renewable retail agreements, and unbundled REC purchases.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Climate Change Continued

Staying 
Relentless in  
Our Focus on 
Climate Action

We’re facing the challenge of a generation. 
Thankfully, we all have an opportunity to 
make meaningful changes to the ways we 
live, work, and connect to better contribute 
to a more sustainable future.

It will take collaborative, coordinated action, as well as 
investment from many parties at local and global levels, 
to combat climate change, and we are committed to 
doing our part. By making significant and sustained 
cuts to GHG emissions and strengthening our climate 
resilience, we are helping protect the planet we all share.

Earned an A-

We scored at the Leadership Level for  
our 2021 CDP Climate Change Response

Scope 1 and 2 Emissions
Our science-based target for combined scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions addresses the emissions generated from 
our operations. The vast majority of our operational 
emissions—a little over 97% in 2021—comes from the 
purchased electricity used to power our offices, retail 
stores, data centers, and our nationwide network.

As of December 2021, we sourced 100% of our 
purchased electricity from renewable energy, enabling 
us to eliminate all of our scope 2 GHG emissions.  
To learn more about the wind and solar projects that 
helped us achieve this goal, check out the Energy 
Management section.

In tandem, we’re also working to reduce our scope 1 
reliance on fossil fuels by investing in sustainable solutions 
across a variety of projects, including reducing reliance on 
diesel in data centers, implementing air-cooling 
enhancements and energy efficiency measures at cell 
towers, and investing in electric vehicles and alternative 
network backup power sources like batteries. 

Scope 3 Emissions
We are taking responsibility for our full carbon footprint 
by engaging stakeholders across our value chain 
to identify emissions hotspots and implement 
sustainability initiatives. To help us get a full view of 
scope 3 GHG emissions, we measure and report on 
10 categories that are relevant to our business. We firmly 
believe that businesses must account for their entire 
footprint to drive the change needed to support  
a 1.5°C future. 

55

One area where we’ve collaborated to build more 
efficiencies is within our transportation distribution 
network. For example, through a recent shipping 
logistics optimization project we reduced the number of 
truck and van trips needed to deliver equipment and 
backup generators to our sites. Strategically grouping 
deliveries so that vehicles hit the road fully loaded has 
taken 1,146 trucks off our streets and highways, saving 
nearly $3 million in capital expenditure, and reducing 
scope 3 GHG emissions by 2,241 metric tons in 2021.

Our 2021 Emissions Profile

7.33M
metric tons (MT) CO2e*

Scope 1: 70,350 MT CO2e
Scope 2: (location-based**): 2,893,728 MT CO2e
Scope 2: (market-based***): 0 MT CO2e
Scope 3: 7,263,741 MT CO2e

Scope 1: Direct emissions generated from 
T-Mobile facilities including offices, retail stores,
data centers, customer experience centers,
and network operations.
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased 
electricity required to power all T-Mobile 
facilities.
Scope 3: Indirect emissions generated from 
upstream and downstream activities, including  
the products T-Mobile sells and the services it 
uses, including corporate travel.

* 

Total carbon footprint uses scope 2 market-based emissions. CO2e is a 
measure used to compare the emissions from various greenhouse gases 
based upon their global warming potential (OECD Glossary of Statistical
Terms—Carbon dioxide equivalent definition).
Calculations are based on the GHG Protocol methodology and the EPA 
Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. Baseline year is 2016. 

**  T  he location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity of 

grids on which energy consumption occurs. 

***  T  he market-based method reflects emissions from electricity that 

companies have purposefully chosen. 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Energy Management

The Power of 
Sustainable 
Energy 
Management

Tracking, managing, and optimizing our 
energy use is foundational to T-Mobile’s 
energy management strategy. Our first 
priority is to reduce energy consumption  
by leveraging innovative technologies that 
drive energy efficiencies and savings across 
our company. Then, we work to source the 
energy we do use as sustainably as we can 
by drawing from renewable energy projects 
across the country.

CLEAN ENERGY, 
DIVERSE ENERGY

T-Mobile is driving change in the clean energy sector 
with our foundational support of the Diversity in 
Clean Energy (DiCE) coalition. The mission of DiCE is 
to grow an inclusive ecosystem that provides access 
to equitable opportunities for direct and indirect 
clean energy suppliers. Through this work, we can 
help support a just transition from fossil fuels to 
renewables.

56

Creating Efficiencies Across Our Network 
As data consumption around the world continues to 
grow, we aim to sustain our growth and pace  
of our 5G network expansion without a corresponding 
escalation in electricity use. Because the majority of our 
energy consumption comes from powering our network, 
network-related efficiencies have a massive impact  
on our overall energy footprint. 

We set a bold goal of reducing our energy consumption 
by 95% per petabyte of data traffic by 2030, from a 2019 
baseline. That means we will, across our business, use 20 
times less total energy each time a customer views a 
webpage or streams a song, compared to 2019. We’re 
making progress—and we won’t stop until we get there.

OUR ENERGY EFFICIENCY TARGET

Achieve a 95% reduction in energy consumption  
(MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic by 2030,  
from a 2019 baseline. 

PROGRESS TOWARD ACHIEVEMENT

15.2%

We achieved a 14.4% reduction in energy consumption 
(MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic between 2019 
and the end of 2021, using 349 MWh of energy per PB 
of data traffic on our network in 2021.

In 2021, we continued to realize network synergies from 
the merger, strategically decommissioning thousands  
of targeted cell sites that were deemed redundant,  
which resulted in an estimated savings of approximately 
500,000 MWh. We also turned on features across 
approximately half our network sites that enabled  
our radio-network equipment to optimize energy 
consumption and drive further efficiencies. This is in 
addition to the cooling enhancements we’ve made at 
select cell sites by replacing air conditioning units  
with direct air-cooling fans to more efficiently  
control the on-site temperature of cell towers.

BUILDINGS THAT RUN ON LESS

Recognized by the Environment+Energy 
Leader Awards for our energy 
management efforts

#3

on the National Top 100 List of the EPA Green  
Power Partnership’s Top Partner rankings

build schedules that make our HVAC units more 
efficient, without affecting customer or employee 
comfort. Plus, they allow our teams to diagnose  
and fix HVAC issues remotely and see which units  
may be running inefficiently so we can proactively 
replace them before they fail. Combined with our  
LED lighting and lighting controls upgrades at 
hundreds of stores, we’re able to save approximately 
45,000 MWh annually.

We’re also continuing to further improve energy 
efficiency at our data centers. We’re implementing 
controls and systems that allow us to analyze even 
more granular data on power usage and make 
data-driven decisions on how to make our facilities 
more efficient. In corporate offices, we’re exploring 
equipping heavily trafficked spaces with motion 
sensors to drive smarter energy savings today and 
for years to come.

Energy smart offices: T-Mobile has installed energy-efficient 
infrastructure and LED lighting with motion sensors across 
millions of square feet of renovated office spaces.

To further optimize efficiency, we installed energy 
management systems across thousands of retail 
locations. The new systems include enhanced power 
monitoring and smart thermostats that allow us to 

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Energy Management Continued

IN CONVERSATION WITH SAM KIMMINS, DIRECTOR OF ENERGY, CLIMATE GROUP

100% Renewable Electricity. Check.
Our energy reduction and efficiency measures are 
complemented by our commitment to source 100%  
of our electricity from renewable energy, a goal  
we achieved in 2021 despite our historic merger  
that significantly expanded our electricity needs.

By using electricity generated from the wind and sun, 
we are powering our operations with clean energy 
sources that will never run out and do not release 
harmful GHGs into the atmosphere as they generate 
electricity. 

To help reach our goal we invested in nine large-scale 
wind and solar farm projects across the country  
that are contracted to provide us with approximately 
3.4 million MWh of renewable energy per year.  
These investments are a shining example of how we 
use our purchasing power for good, driving demand 
for clean energy and bringing more renewable energy 
to more local grids across the nation.

As of 2021, our renewable energy portfolio included 
eight virtual Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs),  
one Green Direct program, 19 retail agreements, 
community solar projects, and unbundled Renewable 
Energy Certificates that support projects across the 
country―that’s enough wind and solar power annually 
to account for every unit of electricity we consumed! 
Moving forward, we plan to invest in and add more 
renewable energy projects to our portfolio to match 
our electricity needs.

57

Community Solar  
Across the Country
We’re ramping up investments in community 
solar projects across the country. These projects 
help generate clean energy flowing to local 
electric grids, which reduces the use of fossil 
fuels and lowers emissions in the community. 
When T-Mobile subscribes to community solar 
projects, we benefit by receiving renewable 
energy credits that reduce our electricity cost 
each month, while supporting the renewable 
energy entering the grid—a win for the business, 
for clean energy, and the communities it serves.

In 2021, we signed 37 community solar projects 
which represent greening local energy grids with 
more than 2.1 million MWh over 25 years in Maine, 
Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, Colorado, 
and Oregon.

Q. Apart from reducing energy consumption through 
efficiency measures and maintaining the RE100 
commitment going forward, what more can companies 
do to show leadership in transforming the renewable 
energy sector?

There are two major areas that businesses can 
focus on beyond their own commitments. Firstly, 

corporations can advocate for better access to 
renewable energy. Making the case for a level playing 
field by guaranteeing your purchase of renewables 
should they become available is a big contributor to 
helping a country gain access to more renewables while 
bringing down costs.

Secondly, it’s looking beyond your scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions to those in your supply chain―scope 3 GHG 
emissions. While the RE100 commitment only covers 
those emissions directly produced by a company, many 
members are going above and beyond by looking at 
those indirect emissions. 

Q. What do rising energy costs mean for RE100 
members looking to source a reliable supply of 
electricity at a stable cost?

By making the switch to renewables, companies 
are helping to mitigate the potential for future 

price fluctuations in the long term and ideally delivering 
business savings.

RE100 is a global initiative bringing together the  
world’s most influential businesses committed to  
100% renewable electricity. Led by Climate Group,  
in partnership with CDP, its mission is to drive change 
toward 100% renewable grids, both through the  
direct investments of its members, like T-Mobile,  
and by working with policymakers to accelerate  
the transition to a clean economy. 

Q. Why is it so important for the telecommunications 
industry to be a part of the renewable energy 
conversation?

The telco industry has a crucial role to play in this 
transition owing to the vast amounts of electricity 
consumed through its day-to-day operations. As critical 
national infrastructure suppliers, telco businesses have  
a substantial and authoritative voice when it comes  
to communicating the need to do more to update our 
energy markets and supply infrastructure to facilitate 
investment in cheap, clean renewables.

Q. How significant is this type of achievement when it 
comes to global efforts to combat climate change?

The value of a public commitment from 
companies such as T-Mobile cannot be 

understated. It enables T-Mobile, and companies  
like it, to add their weight to the overall membership 
advocating for change. The electricity consumption of 
RE100 members is now greater than that of the U.K.,  
at over 380+ TWh per year, meaning that when our 
members all achieve their RE100 goals, that’s the 
equivalent of a country going 100% renewables. This is 
not only good for the planet; the increasing scale of 
corporate renewables investment is rapidly bringing 
down renewable energy costs for the benefit of all.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Waste and Recycling

Taking on Waste 
in Every Form

Waste comes in many forms—from everyday 
items like used paper cups and batteries,  
to a wide range of electronic and network 
infrastructure equipment. We know that  
our customers and employees care about 
the waste that is generated by the products 
and services they purchase and the 
companies they buy from. 

Across our business we look for effective ways to 
minimize the waste we produce and responsibly  
dispose of the waste we generate. Our approach  
includes assessing our operations to understand  
waste reduction opportunities, removing barriers  
to make it easier for employees to responsibly  
dispose of items, and prioritizing repair, reuse,  
and recycling whenever possible. 

We’ll be the first to admit that our waste reduction  
and recycling efforts are a work in progress and often 
depend on the infrastructure and commitment in  
our local municipalities, but we are applying the  
same relentless mindset to this challenge as to  
other pain points our industry might face.

Inspiring Wise Decisions on Waste 
Each one of us makes daily decisions about the items we 
toss in the trash. Often, the decision to send something 
to landfill or recycle it comes down to access and 
information. To help address this, we offer as many 
opportunities as possible for our employees to have 
access to responsible disposal options and the 
information needed to make informed decisions. 

For example, every corporate retail store across  
the country has a collection center that provides 
employees with an easy way to appropriately dispose  
of everything from batteries and lamps to aerosol  
cans and small electronics.

We also launched the Magenta Ambassador program in 
our Bellevue, WA; Overland Park, KS; Frisco, TX; and  
New York, NY offices, which provides an in-person point 
of contact who can be a champion for improving the 
employee experience at those locations. Part of the 
ambassadors’ role is raising awareness of the local 
programs and resources available, including waste 
disposal, recycling, and composting options. Waste 
systems and needs vary by location, and we want to 
empower our employees to make informed decisions  
no matter where they are working.

Network E-Waste is a Valuable Resource
Responsibly managing electronic waste, or e-waste,  
is one of the biggest opportunities in our industry and  
an area where we can have a massive impact on the 
environment. Every piece of equipment that keeps us 
connected—whether through our transformational  
5G network or the latest wireless device—contains 
precious metals, glass, and other raw materials.

Recognizing that resources are not limitless, our goal  
is to recover electronic equipment and products 
throughout our value chain and maximize their useful  
life by repairing and redeploying them. As we continue  
to strategically decommission redundant cell sites,  
we first assess network equipment to see what can  
be repaired and reused elsewhere across our business. 
This not only prolongs the life of the equipment,  
but it also saves costs and resources. 

Equipment that isn’t used by T-Mobile is either 
responsibly recycled through R2-certified and e-steward 
companies or resold to vendors with the intention of 
being reused. In 2021, we recycled 90% of the materials 
we didn’t reuse internally with the remaining 10% resold 
to vendors for reuse. The more resources that can be 
reclaimed from e-waste, the less that need to be 
extracted from the earth.

Shaping the Circular Economy Together 
We recognize the importance of reducing the amount  
of e-waste associated with devices. It’s why the concept 
of the circular economy is so critical for our industry 
—it works to maximize the product lifecycle and 
minimize waste at the same time. 

By partnering with others through the Global Enabling 
Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) and the Global System 
for Mobile Communications Association (GSMA), 
we can shape circular economy strategies for the 
telecommunications industry and make meaningful 
recommendations to device manufacturers. We are also 
actively participating in the Retail Industry Leaders 
Association (RILA) waste diversion sub-committee, 
which focuses on best practices for recycling and reusing 
devices across the retail sector. 

58

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Product Lifecycle Management

Extending the Life of Every Device
E-waste has become a critical global issue. 53 million 
metric tons of electronic waste were discarded 
xi
worldwide in 2019 alone . Making more sustainable 
choices when it comes to the lifecycle of electronic 
devices is important for several reasons:

■	 Left to decompose in landfill, electronic devices
can leach hazardous compounds such as lead 
or cadmium into the groundwater. 

■	 Discarded devices may be suitable for refurbishment 

and subsequent use by someone else.

■	 Broken devices are rich in precious metals and 

recyclable materials that can be used in 
manufacturing new items versus extraction 
from the ground via highly carbon-intensive mining. 

As a wireless provider, we can play an important role in 
keeping devices out of landfills by providing our 

customers with ways to extend the lifecycle of their 
devices when possible.

Each year, millions of devices come back to T-Mobile 
through our Device Reuse and Recycling program, 
and our reverse logistics partners have continued to 
enhance the sorting and assessment process  
by leveraging new technology.

More recently, our partners have used a robotic solution 
that takes devices through an automated machine-
based evaluation to check the cosmetic quality and 
functionality of each device and determine whether it 
can be resold and reused or recycled. With the help of 
these machines, we’re able to evaluate devices more 
rapidly and objectively, improving the efficiency of  
the overall process and extending the device lifecycle 
for millions of smartphones, tablets, smartwatches,  
and more. 

For devices that can’t be reused, we work with recycling 
partners that are certified to the rigorous and industry-
leading R2 standard, which provides a common set 
of processes, safety measures, and documentation 
requirements for electronics recyclers.

T-Mobile is the only U.S. wireless carrier to participate 
in the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) 
Sustainable Materials Management Electronics 
Challenge. This program challenges major 
manufacturers and retailers of electronics to send
100% of the e-waste they collect to third-party certified 
recyclers, increase e-waste collections, and publish 
data on recovery and disposal. We received the Gold 
Tier Award for our 2021 Device Reuse and Recycling 
program—the third straight year we were recognized 
with this honor.

Trade in

Recycle in store

Customers can swap an eligible device for credit 
toward a new one, with the old device automatically 
entering our Device Reuse and Recycling program. 
It’s a win-win. Customers can find out what a device 
is worth with our trade-in estimator tool and get 
a new device. We either find a new home for the 
unwanted devices or ensure that the recyclable 
components and materials are put to good use. 

T-Mobile accepts smartphones, tablets, 
smartwatches, hotspots, or IoT items at our 
stores to be upcycled or recycled for free. We 
provide clear instructions for customers on how 
to clear their phones of personal data so they’re 
ready for recycling.

59

11.6M

devices were reused, resold, or recycled through  
our Device Reuse and Recycling program in 2021

xi  The Conversation. 2022. Consumer electronics have changed a lot in 20 years—

systems for managing e-waste aren’t keeping up.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Product Lifecycle Management Continued

Design for the 
Environment

We know many of our customers care about 
making sustainable purchasing choices.  
We encourage our device suppliers to 
participate in the UL ECOLOGO Certification 
Program, a voluntary independent 
certification that covers materials use, 
energy consumption, repairability, end-of-
life management, packaging, and more.

Approximately 78% of our new wireless handset  
models were certified through UL ECOLOGO and  
EPEAT Certifications in 2021. Going forward, T-Mobile 
will extend the range of wireless devices that undergo 
ECOLOGO or equivalent certification to include tablets 
and wearables.

78%

of our new wireless handset models 
certified through UL ECOLOGO and EPEAT

T-Mobile is on the ECOLOGO Standard Technical Panel 
for UL 110 (the Standard for Sustainability for Mobile 
Phones) and was involved in developing the industry’s 
first-ever environmental standard for wireless devices.

Collaborating for Progress in Sustainable Packaging
Sustainable packaging is one way we show our love  
for our customers and our planet at the same time.  
We strive to reduce packaging waste that goes to  
landfill and not saddle our customers with plastic  
trays and inserts they cannot recycle.

We are working to evolve our device and accessory 
packaging and shipping materials to be sourced from 
more sustainable, recyclable materials.

In coordination with CTIA, we developed sustainable 
packaging guidelines that help minimize the impact  
and footprint of packaging. The guidelines encourage 
suppliers to: 

■	 Create packaging that has as little single-use plastic 

as possible 

■	 Avoid any constructions that prevent recycling, 

like metal wire ties 

■	 Clearly label packaging so consumers know their 

recycling options

■	 Use paper fibers from reputable, certified sources 

■	 Consider alternative, less environmentally 

harmful printing processes, such as using water-or 
soy-based inks

Pivet, the case brand with its proprietary 
Self-CycleTM technology, was among the new 
sustainable products we introduced to our 
accessories portfolio in 2021. It’s a case option 
that delivers premium design and functionality 
while being 100% bioavailable to nature’s 
“decay agents” found in locations like landfills. 
Pivet is an example of new materials 
technology opening up more sustainable 
choices for customers.

60

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Natural Resources Management 

Using Natural 
Resources 
Responsibly 

T-Mobile is committed to being a responsible 
steward of the natural resources we use.  
Our Environmental Policy lays out our 
commitments to do our part to protect the 
planet we all share. 

We strive to conserve water use throughout our 
operations, follow responsible paper management 
practices and sustainable packaging guidelines,  
and increase the purchase of products designed  
and manufactured in an environmentally sustainable 
way. Plus, we take a highly collaborative approach  
to natural resource management and conservation 
efforts, working closely with suppliers and non-profits, 
as well as in alliance with other corporations, to ensure 
we are improving efficiencies and following best 
practices across our value chain. 

Supporting Suppliers Who Use Less 
T-Mobile’s Responsible Sourcing Guidelines help us 
select and support the suppliers who source materials 
the right way. Our suppliers are an important part of our 
business, and these guidelines outline our expectations 
and ensure everyone is aligned to the same responsible 
sourcing practices, including: 

■	  Maximizing their use of recycled fibers and using 

natural fiber efficiently 

■	  Minimizing use of paper-based records in their own 

operations 

■	  Following sustainable forest management practices 
including obtaining certifications from independent 
bodies like the Forest Stewardship Council wherever  
a particular risk of deforestation is identified 

	■  Respecting indigenous and local land rights 

■	  Demonstrating best practice in mill and printer 

performance 

■	  Showing improvements in water and energy efficiency 

■	  Not using conflict minerals 

   For a detailed look, check out our full Responsible 
Sourcing Guidelines. 

61

Water 
We strive to conserve water across 
our operations and understand the 
key role it plays in global supply 
chains. As part of the Science 
Based Target Network (SBTN) 
Corporate Engagement Program, 
we collaborate with other 
organizations on developing 
methods and tools to set science-
based targets for nature, including 
water use targets. 

Wood fiber 
Responsible wood fiber usage 
protects forests, so we work  
to manage the use of paper  
and paperboard packaging 
material across our operations. 

For example: 

■	 

■	 

Paperless billing for all 
customers unless they  
expressly ask for paper bills 

Our Responsible Sourcing 
Guidelines ensure suppliers 
follow best practices in regard 
to forest stewardship, recycling, 
and indigenous land rights 

Minerals 
We are concerned about the 
human rights abuses and risks 
associated with the extraction, 
transport, and trade of certain 
minerals in the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo (DRC) and 
adjoining countries. These trade 
minerals, referred to as “conflict 
minerals,” include columbite-
tantalite (coltan), cassiterite, gold, 
wolframite, and their derivatives. 
Our Responsible Sourcing 
Guidelines outline our 
expectations that suppliers do  
not use conflict minerals, as well 
as guiding them where necessary 
in improving due diligence.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Natural Resources Management Continued

Partnering to Protect the Planet 

•  Plant a Billion Trees—a major forest restoration 
program aimed at slowing climate change and 
biodiversity loss 

•  The Family Forest Carbon Program—a project 
aimed at helping family and small landowners  
across the U.S. gain access to resources and  
capital to improve the health of their forests  
and fight climate change 

•  Living with Fire—a program to develop and 

implement fire mitigation strategies that reduce 
wildfire risks and restore health and diversity  
to natural lands 

ENVIRONMENTAL  
GOVERNANCE 

To help drive sustainability outcomes across the 
business, the T-Mobile Sustainability Steering 
Committee meets quarterly to discuss priority 
environmental sustainability topics and initiatives. 
Comprised of executive leaders from cross-
functional groups, the committee works to drive  
a holistic, enterprise-wide discussion and to align 
sustainability efforts at T-Mobile, as well as ensuring 
functional visibility, accountability, and engagement 
in the development of company-wide plans. The 
committee is co-led by our Executive Vice President 
and Chief Communications Officer and our Executive 
Vice President, Corporate Development and 
Strategy. Key initiatives overseen by the committee 
are communicated through ESG updates to the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Truly protecting the planet will require looking beyond 
our own operations to areas where we can meaningfully 
partner with others. 

For the last few years, T-Mobile has joined forces 
with The Nature Conservancy (TNC) to mobilize our 
resources and our customers around Earth Day and 
bolster global conservation efforts. Since 2018, we’ve 

donated $1.6 million to TNC programs that work to 
establish environmentally conscious practices to 
prevent habitat loss and promote biodiversity on a 
large scale. 

Through our annual campaigns, we’ve engaged 
customers through the T-Mobile Tuesdays app  
to help direct our funding to programs, such as: 

62

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

63

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

The Numbers and Small Print 
Honest and straightforward 
communications, backed by 
credible data, is what we’re about. 

This report covers the domestic operations 
and activities of T-Mobile US, Inc. for  
the calendar year 2021 (January 1 to 
December 31), unless otherwise stated.  
It has been prepared in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards: Core option. It is also aligned  
to the disclosure requirements of the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards  
Board (SASB) Standards for our industry. 

Information Integrity 

T-Mobile management is responsible for the preparation 
and integrity of the information reported for calendar 
year 2021. 

Through a system of internal controls, including a 
comprehensive verification process involving internal 
subject matter experts, we believe this information 
accurately represents our domestic responsibility 
activities and performance results for the calendar year. 
We continued to improve our data collection process  
by utilizing a centralized ESG collection tool which  
allows the internal subject matter experts to collaborate, 
collect data, and streamline our extensive review and 
approval process. 

External verification over specified GHG and energy 
metrics is provided by Apex Companies, LLC.

64

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index

Notes About This Report

This report contains certain forward-looking statements 
based on T-Mobile management’s current assumptions 
and expectations, including statements regarding our 
ESG targets, goals, commitments and programs and 
other business plans, initiatives, and objectives. These 
statements are typically accompanied by the words 
“aim,” “hope,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “aspire,” 
“may,” “could,” “will,” or similar words. All such 
statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the 
safe harbor for forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended. Our actual future results, including 
the achievement of our targets, goals, or commitments, 
could differ materially, and adversely, from our projected 
results as the result of changes in circumstances, 
assumptions not being realized, or other risks, 
uncertainties, and factors. Such risks, uncertainties,  
and factors include the risk factors discussed in Item  
1A of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with  
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  
(such documents are also available on our investor page), 
as well as, with respect to our ESG targets, goals and 
commitments outlined in this reporting or elsewhere, 
and the challenges, assumptions and other 
methodological considerations associated with same.  
As such, readers should not place undue reliance on such 
forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider all 
of the risks, uncertainties, and factors identified above  
or discussed in such reports carefully in evaluating the 

65

forward-looking statements in this report. T-Mobile 
cannot assure you that the results reflected or implied  
by any forward-looking statement will be realized or, 
even if substantially realized, that those results will have 
the forecasted or expected consequences and effects. 
The forward-looking statements in our reporting are 
made as of the date in which this report is published  
and we undertake no obligation and expressly disclaim 
any duty to update these forward-looking statements  
to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

Additionally, this report contains ESG-related statements 
based on hypothetical scenarios and assumptions as well 
as estimates that are subject to a high level of inherent 
uncertainty, and these statements should not necessarily 
be viewed as being representative of current or actual 
risk or performance, or forecasts of expected risk or 
performance. In addition, historical, current, and 
forward-looking environmental and social-related 
statements may be based on standards and metrics  
for measuring progress, as well as standards for the 
preparation of any underlying data for those metrics, 
that are still developing and internal controls and 
processes that continue to evolve; while these are based 
on expectations and assumptions believed to be 
reasonable at the time of preparation, they should not  
be considered guarantees. Moreover, our disclosures 
based on any standards may change due to revisions  
in framework requirements, availability of information, 
changes in our business or applicable governmental 
policies, or other factors, some of which may be  
beyond our control. 

The events, scenarios, and efforts discussed in this 
report, including both forward-looking statements and 
other statements, may be significant; however, the 
inclusion of such statements is not an indication that 
these contents are necessarily material for the purposes 
of complying with or reporting pursuant to the U.S. 
federal securities laws and regulations, even if we use 
the word “material” or “materiality” in this document  
in relation to those statements or in other materials  
that we may release from time to time in connection  
with the matters discussed herein. Moreover, given the 
uncertainties, estimates, and assumptions required to 
make some of the disclosures in this report, and the 
timelines involved, materiality is inherently difficult to 
assess far in advance. In addition, given the inherent 
uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions, and timelines 
contained in this report, we may not be able to anticipate 
in advance whether or the degree to which we will or  
will not be able to meet our plans, targets, or goals. 

Website references throughout this document are 
provided for convenience only, and the content on the 
referenced websites is not incorporated by reference 
into this document.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Data 2021 

ESG Data 2021 

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS 

Corporate Governance 

Independent Directors 
(#) 

Independent members  
of the Audit Committee 
(%) 

Independent members of the 
Nominating and Corporate  
Governance Committee 
(%) 

5 

5 

100 

100 

67 

67 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

Independent members of the 
Compensation Committee 
(%) 

Women on the  
Board of Directors 
(%) 

Percentage of Directors who are members 
of traditionally underrepresented racial/ 
ethnic groups 
(%) 

28.6 

2021 

14.0 

2020 

28.6 

21.0 

2020 

2021 

20 

20 

2020 

2021 

Size of the Board of Directors 
(#) 

14 

14 

2020 

2021 

66

Responsible Supply Chain 

Diverse supplier spend 
($ billions) 

Suppliers (by sourceable spend) 
assessed on their environmental  
and social performance through  
the EcoVadis tool 
(%) 

3.00 

3.27 

38 

30 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Data 2021 Continued

SOCIAL — OUR PEOPLE 

DE&I 

T-Mobile employees who self-identify
as veterans 
(#) 

T-Mobile employees who self-identify
as individuals with disabilities 
(#) 

T-Mobile employees who self-identify
as LGBTQ+ 
(#) 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce who
are people of color 
(%) 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce: people 
manager who are people of color 
(%) 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce: 
executives (Dir+) who are people 
of color 
(%) 

3,432 

3,260

4,283 

3,294 

1,621 

2,292 

60.1 

59.5 

50.1 

49.6 

23.5

24.5 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020

2021 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce who
are women 
(%) 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce who are
women people managers 
(%) 

T-Mobile Total U.S. workforce who are 
women people executives (Dir+) 
(%) 

40.6 

40.9 

35.8 

35.8 

32.4 

33.8 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021

67

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

ESG Data 2021 Continued

SOCIAL — OUR PEOPLE CONTINUED 

SOCIAL — OUR COMMUNITY 

Amount donated by T-Mobile  
and the T-Mobile Foundation 
($ millions) 

Amount donated by  
T-Mobile’s employees 
($ millions) 

32.8 

2021 

16.5 

2020 

3.9 

3.7 

2020 

2021 

Philanthropy 

Disaster Response  
in-kind support 
($ millions) 

2.9 

2021 

1.3 

2020 

Employee volunteer hours 
(#) 

48,536 

52,478 

2020 

2021 

Employee Engagement, Learning, and Development 

Amount paid in  
Tuition Assistance 
($ millions) 

Hours employees  
participated in trainingxi 
(millions of hours) 

22.4 

20.18 

5.4 

3.7 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

Health, Safety, and Wellness 

Employees (full and part-time) 
eligible for health benefits  
on Day 1 of their employmentxii 
(%) 

Rate of recordable  
work-related injuries 
(per 200,000 hours worked) 

100 

100 

0.27 

0.27 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

xi  The number of hours of training includes only trackable training hours completed in our formal Learning Management System by full-time and part-time employees. 
xii  The percentage excludes interns who are classified as temporary employees.

68

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Scope 1 emissions 
(MTCO₂e) 

Scope 2 emissions (market-based) 
(MTCO₂e) 

Total energy consumption  
within the organization 
(MWh) 

Energy intensity 
(MWh/PB) 

Percentage of energy  
from grid electricity 
(%) 

Energy Management 

7,158,776 

8,028,396 

471.05 

349.39 

96.90

97.20 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020

2021 

Percentage of energy supplied from 
renewable energy 
(%) 

97.20 

24.40

2020 

2021 

ESG Data 2021 Continued

ENVIRONMENT 

Climate Change 

Emission intensity 
(MTCO₂e/PB) 

471.05 

319.18 

53,180 

70,350 

1,858,206 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

0 

2021 

Scope 2 emissions  
(location-based) 
(MTCO₂e) 

Scope 3 emissions 
(MTCO₂e) 

Total scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions  
(using market-based scope 2) 
(MTCO₂e) 

2,755,796 

2,893,728 

7,033,821 

7,263,741 

8,945,207 

7,334,091 

2020

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

Waste and Recycling 

Natural Resources Management 

Wireless devices collected from  
Reuse and Recycling Program 
(millions) 

11.6 

7.9 

Water consumption 
(cubic meters (m3 )) 

1,086,662 

1,054,583 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 

69

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

T-Mobile Material Topic Definitions 

Material Topic

Definition 

Material Topic

Definition 

Business continuity  
and network resilience 

Managing risks and creating systems of prevention and recovery to deal with potential threats  
to a company, i.e. disaster response efforts, geopolitical events, building network resilience,  
and mitigating risks that could interrupt network service. 

Health, safety,  
and wellness 

Ensuring the workers across the value chain work in safe conditions where their safety, health,  
and mental well-being are prioritized. 

Corporate governance

Structures in charge of managing, overseeing, and directing a company and integrating  
ESG across the business. 

Digital equity

Equal access and opportunity to connectivity, including affordability of services, accessibility  
no matter ability, income or location, and digital education to bridge digital literacy divides. 

Natural resources 
management conservation 

Protecting and conserving natural resources, such as water, trees, wildlife, and land. 

Open internet and 
competitive behavior 

Protecting and committing to open internet access where all data is treated equally with  
respect to content, application, and service. 

Digital security and privacy  Providing a secured network for a safe and secure online experience, including the protection  

of personal information and consumer data. 

Philanthropy and 
community engagement 

Supporting, developing, and enhancing the well-being and livelihoods of communities. 

Attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent through education, learning, training,  
and fair recruitment and compensation practices. 

Product lifecycle 
management 

Minimizing environmental and social impacts during the product lifecycle (i.e. take-back 
programs, reduction of plastic and packaging). 

Employee attraction, 
development, and 
engagement 

Ethical business practices  The fair, transparent, and moral code of conduct to the strategic and operational management  

of a business. 

Economic contribution

Making a positive contribution to national and local economies. For instance, through jobs 
created, taxes paid, economic value added. 

Partnerships and 
collaboration and cross-
industry collaboration 

Responsible marketing

Promoting and advancing sustainability across the telecom industry through advocacy, 
participation in industry associations, external partnerships, and cross-industry collaboration. 

The responsible and transparent communication, promotion, and/or selling of products to 
consumers. 

Employee diversity  
(equity and inclusion) 

Diversity of our workforce and equal opportunity for employees of different backgrounds. 

Responsible use of 
products and services 

Ensuring customers are using products and services responsibly and that their digital well-being 
is protected. 

Energy management

Using energy more efficiently and opting for renewable energy sources where possible. 

Taking clear action to reduce our impact on the climate and reducing emissions, like carbon, 
generated from business activities. Developing innovative technologies that promote long-term 
sustainability. 

Sustainable and 
responsible supply chain 

Transparent supply chain management and responsible supplier engagement that protects 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) values. 

Waste and recycling

Reducing the amount of waste generated across operations and responsibly disposing/recycling 
all waste streams. 

A commitment to respect and promote human rights and social principles in every place a 
company operates, including its business partners and supply chain. 

These definitions were used in our third-party materiality assessment which was intended to identify and prioritize ESG issues relevant to our business and key stakeholders. Please 
refer to the ESG materiality matrix in the 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report for more information. 

Greenhouse gas  
(carbon) emissions  
and climate change 

Human rights

70

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index 

GRI Index 

The table below sets out our responses to relevant Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) disclosures, including select  
material topics identified in collaboration with stakeholders as part of our 2021 ESG materiality assessment. 

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response 

Organizational Profile 

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

102-8

Name of the organization

T-Mobile US, Inc. 

Activities, brands, products, and services

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I pages 5-7 

Location of headquarters

Bellevue, Washington and Overland Park, Kansas 

Location of operations

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I pages 1, 8 

Ownership and legal form

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I page 1 

T-Mobile common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol “TMUS.” 

Markets served

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I pages 5-7 

Scale of the organization

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I pages 5-8; Part II pages 27, 32 

Information on employees and other 
workers 

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I page 8 

102-9

Supply chain overview

71

Our Procurement and Supply organization spends billions of dollars on products, goods, and services annually, procuring everything our company needs to run our business, from hardware 
and network equipment to software, spectrum assets, and transportation. Engaging with small, medium, and large suppliers across the globe, we work to provide access and opportunities 
for all our suppliers and grow a robust supply chain that reflects our diversity and values. 

We are a company committed to conducting our business in a socially, environmentally, and economically responsible manner. This commitment extends to our supply chain partners and 
the goods and services they provide. Our Supplier Code of Conduct and Responsible Sourcing Guidelines outline the policies and guidelines that govern our supply chain partnerships and 
sustainability performance is a contributing factor to how we award contracts. In 2020, we began working with EcoVadis to better evaluate our supply chain across four key areas: 
environmental, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement. We have received assessments from suppliers representing approximately 38% of our sourceable spend.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued 

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response 

102-10

Significant changes to the organization 
and its supply chain 

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I page 5; Part II pages 28-31 

102-11

Precautionary principle or approach

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part III page 115 

102-12

External initiatives

CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Pledge; Founding Signatory Disability:IN’s CEO Letter; Supporter of the Equality Act; Signed the Human Rights Campaign’s letter against discriminatory 
state legislation targeting the LGBTQ+ community 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Governance > Corporate Governance 

Our standard management practices considers many factors, including potential positive and negative societal impacts, when making strategic business decisions. 

102-13

Membership of associations

CTIA, Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), BSR, EPA Green Power partnership, RE100 

Strategy 

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > CEO Statement 

102-15

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > CEO Statement 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Ethics and Integrity 

102-16

Values, principles, standards, and norms 
of behavior 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > Corporate Vision, Mission, and Values 

Code of Business Conduct 

Supplier Code of Conduct 

102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 
about ethics 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Governance > Ethical Business Practices 

T-Mobile Speak Up Policy 

T-Mobile Integrity Line (external reporting site) 

Governance 

102-18

Governance structure

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Governance > Corporate Governance 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach > ESG Oversight 

2022 Proxy Statement

72

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued 

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

Stakeholder Engagement 

2021 Response 

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

102-41

Collective bargaining agreements

T-Mobile is committed to recognizing employees’ rights to organize, and to refrain from organizing. We abide by both the letter and the spirit of the U.S. National Labor Relations Act 
(NLRA), under which employees have the right to decide whether to support or not support a union. We train our supervisors on the NLRA, which stipulates the legal requirements 
concerning union rights. 

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

102-44

Key topics and concerns raised

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Reporting Practices 

102-45

102-46

Entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements 

Defining report content and topic 
boundaries 

T-Mobile 2021 Form 10-K Part I pages 4, 28 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: About This Report 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

102-47

List of material topics

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

102-48

Restatements of information

102-49

Changes in reporting

None 

None 

102-50

Reporting period

January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 unless otherwise stated 

102-51

Date of most recent report

102-52

Reporting cycle

2021 

Annual 

102-53

Contact point for questions regarding the 
report 

ESG.Reporting@T-Mobile.com

73

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued 

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response 

102-54

Claims of reporting in accordance with 
the GRI Standards 

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 

102-55

GRI content index

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > GRI Content Index 

102-56

External assurance

Economic Disclosures 
Material Topic: Digital Equity 

GRI 203: Indirect economic impacts 

Third-party limited assurance was provided for T-Mobile’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use data for calendar year 2021. See T-Mobile’s Assurance Statement on our 
reporting page for more information. 

103-1

103-2

Explanation of the material topic and its 
boundaries 

The management approach and its 
components 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Communities > Digital Equity 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Communities > Digital Equity 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Communities > Digital Equity 

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services 
supported 

Environmental Disclosures 
Material Topic: Energy Management 

GRI 302: Energy management 

103-1

103-2

74

Explanation of the material topic and its 
boundaries 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

The management approach and its 
components 

Environmental Policy 

CDP Climate Change Response 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Environment > Energy Management

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response 

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Energy consumption within the 
organization 

Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources: 800,348 GJ 
■	  Fleet diesel: 4,309 GJ 
■	  Fleet gasoline: 422,431 GJ 
■	  Jet fuel: 16,572 GJ 
■	  Stationary diesel: 147,791 GJ 
■	  Propane: 20,996 GJ 
■	  Natural gas: 188,249 GJ 

Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources: 0 GJ 

In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: 
■	  Electricity consumption: 7,806,077 MWh 
■	  Heating consumption: 0 MWh 
■	  Cooling consumption: 0 MWh 
■	  Steam consumption: 0 MWh 

In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: 0 MWh 
	■  Electricity sold: 0 MWh 
■	  Heating sold: 0 MWh  
■	  Cooling sold: 0 MWh 
■	  Steam sold: 0 MWh 

Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples: 28,902,225 GJ: 
■	  Fleet diesel: 4,309 GJ 
■	  Fleet gasoline: 422,431 GJ 
■	  Jet fuel: 16,572 GJ 
■	  Stationary diesel: 147,791 GJ 
■	  Propane: 20,996 GJ 
■	  Natural gas: 188,249 GJ 
■	  Electricity: 28,101,877 GJ 

103-3

302-1

75

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: Energy consumption 
data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and 
T-Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting. All energy 
consumption data is verified annually by an independent third party to the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) standard. 

All energy consumption that is designated to be within T-Mobile’s operational control is 
included. Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data. Estimation 
methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available. 

Source of the conversion factors used: 

Publicly available conversion factors from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native 
unit of measure (gallons or mmBTU) to MWh. Standard and recognizable conversion factors 
are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x * 3.600). 

Conversions: 
■	  U.S. EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership: “Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories”, (2020) 
IPCC: “2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories”, (2006) 

■	 

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response and our third-party 
Assurance Statement on our reporting page.

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

302-2

Energy consumption outside of the 
organization 

Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or multiples: 7,875,945 GJ 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: Downstream customer energy consumption data is estimated based on device-specific LCA data and in accordance 
with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (scope 3) Standard. 

Source of the conversion factors used: Standard and recognizable conversion factors are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x * 3.600). 

302-3

Energy intensity

Energy intensity ratio for the organization: 349.39 MWh/PB 

Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio: Total petabytes (PB) of network traffic for calendar year 2021 

Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all: All energy in MWh 

Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both: Within the organization 

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page. 

302-4

Reduction of energy consumption

Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples: 2,025,485 GJ 

Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all: Electricity 

Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The energy consumption in the year prior to the 
implementation of the conservation and efficiency initiatives is used as the baseline. 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: Energy reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the most recent CDP Climate 
Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3). 

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page. 

Material Topic: Natural Resources Management and Conservation 

GRI 303: Water and Effluents 

103-1

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

While T-Mobile uses relatively little water compared to companies in many other industries, we strive to use it in a responsible and sustainable manner to help conserve this important 
natural resource. Our reporting for water consumption includes domestic water used in our buildings (data centers, call centers, offices, retail stores, switches, warehouse), some cell sites 
with irrigation, as well as domestic wastewater. We do not include water use for buildings where the water utility is not included in the leasing contracts. 

103-2

The management approach and its 
components 

Environmental Policy 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Environment > Natural Resources Management 

76

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

103-3

303-1

303-2

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Interactions with water as a shared 
resource (management approach 
disclosures) 

Management of water discharge-related 
impacts (management approach 
disclosures) 

T-Mobile employee occupied buildings across the United States, interacting with domestic water use (includes data centers, call centers, offices, stores, switches, warehouses), and some 
cell sites with irrigation through our direct operations. Water withdrawal and discharge occurs through the different municipal systems in the United States. 

As outlined by our Responsible Sourcing Guidelines, we show a preference for working with suppliers who demonstrate adherence to industry best practices in areas such as water use. 

We manage our domestic wastewater released through the sewage system of our buildings according to each municipal water treatment system standard. We therefore follow all local 
municipal wastewater treatment protocols for domestic water discharge from our facilities. 

303-5

Water consumption

In 2021, T-Mobile used 1,054,583 cubic meters (m3 ) of water. This includes the municipal water withdrawal that we are directly billed for in our buildings (data centers, customer experience 
centers, offices, retail stores, switches, warehouse), and some cell sites with irrigation. 

Material Topic: Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate Change 

GRI 305: Emissions

103-1

103-2

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

The management approach and its 
components 

Environmental Policy 

CDP Climate Change Response 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Environment > Climate Change 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach

77

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

305-1

Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions

Gross direct (scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 70,350 MT CO2e 
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O, HFCs 
Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 0 MT CO2e 
Base year for the calculation: 2016 
■	  The rationale for choosing it: 2016 was the first year of available data for all direct 

emissions sources across the T-Mobile and Sprint portfolios 

■	  Emissions in the base year: 61,266 MT CO2e 
■	  The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base 
year emissions: The 2016 emissions figures for T-Mobile and Sprint were combined to 
ensure consistency when comparing base year emissions to current and future reporting 
periods 

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a 
reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming 
potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International 
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure 
(gallons, mmBTU, or MWh) to MT CO2e. 

Emission factors: 
■	  U.S. EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership: “Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas 

Inventories”, (2020) 

100-year global warming potential values: 

■	 

IPCC: “Fifth Assessment Report (AR5)”, (2014) 

Consolidation approach for emissions: Operational control 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: scope 1 emissions 
data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and 
T-Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting. All scope 1 
emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party. 

All scope 1 emissions from sources designated to be within T-Mobile’s operational control 
are included. All data is historical in nature and based on primary data. 

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our 
reporting page.

78

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

305-2

Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions

Gross location-based energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 
equivalent: 2,893,728 MT CO2e 
Gross market-based energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 
equivalent: 0 MT CO2e 
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O 
Base year for the calculation: 2016 
■	  The rationale for choosing it: 2016 was the first year of available data for all indirect 

emissions sources across the T-Mobile and Sprint portfolios 

■	  Emissions in the base year: Location-Based & Market-Based: 2,395,646 MT CO2e 
■	  The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base 
year emissions: The 2016 emissions figures for T-Mobile and Sprint were combined to 
ensure consistency when comparing base year emissions to current and future 
reporting periods 

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a 
reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming 
potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International 
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (MWh) 
to MT CO2e. 

Emission factors: 
■	  U.S. EPA: “Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) Summary 

Tables 2019”, (2021) 

100-year global warming potential values: 

■	 

IPCC: “Fifth Assessment Report (AR5)”, (2014) 

Consolidation approach for emissions: Operational control 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: scope 2 emissions 
data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and 
T-Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting. All scope 2 
emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party. 

All scope 2 emissions from sources designated to be within T-Mobile’s operational control 
are included. Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data. Estimation 
methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available. 

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our 
reporting page.

79

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

305-3

Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions

Gross other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 
7,263,741 MT CO2e 
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O 
Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 0 MT CO2e 
Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation: 
■	  Purchased goods and services 
■	  Capital goods 
■	  Fuel and energy-related activities 
■	  Upstream transportation and distribution 
■	  Waste generated in operations 
■	  Business travel 
■	  Employee commuting 
■	  Downstream transportation and distribution 
■	  Use of sold products 
■	  End-of-life treatment of sold products 

Base year for the calculation: 2016 
■	  The rationale for choosing it: 2016 was the first year of available data for all indirect 

emissions sources across the T-Mobile and Sprint portfolios 

■	  Emissions in the base year: 7,046,768 MT CO2e 
■	  The context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base 
year emissions: The 2016 emissions figures for T-Mobile and Sprint were combined to 
ensure consistency when comparing base year emissions to current and future reporting 
periods 

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a 
reference to the GWP source: A mix of publicly available and internal emission factors are 
used to convert from the various native units of measure to MT CO2e. Supplier-specific 
emission factors are collected on a unit volume and revenue basis and are used whenever 
possible. 

Emission Factors: 
■	  U.S. EPA: “Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) Summary 

Tables 2019”, (2021) 

100-year global warming potential values: 

■	 

IPCC: “Fifth Assessment Report (AR5)”, (2014) 

■	  Ecoinvent: “Version 3”, (2013-2020) 
■	  CDP Supply Chain: Supplier-specific emission factors, (2020) 
■	  Apple: “Product Environmental Report”—Various Models, (2018-2021) 
■	  Green Design Institute: “US 2002 Benchmark Model—purchaser price”, (2010) 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: scope 3 emissions 
data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and 
T-Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting. All scope 3 
emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party. 

Most scope 3 data is historical in nature and based on primary data or expenditure data. 
Estimation methodologies based on internal studies and data are used for some scope 3 
calculations where primary data is not available. 

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our 
reporting page. 

305-4

GHG emissions intensity

GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization: 319.18 MT CO2e/PB 
Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio: Total petabytes (PB) of network traffic for calendar year 2021 

Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio: scope 1, scope 2 (market-based), scope 3 

Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O, HFCs 
For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

80

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

305-5

Reduction of GHG emissions

Material Topic: Waste and Recycling 

GRI 306: Waste 

GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 937,965 MT CO2e 
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O 
Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The GHG emissions in the year prior to the implementation of the reduction initiatives is used as the baseline. 

Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (scope 1), energy indirect (scope 2), and/or other indirect (scope 3): scope 2 and scope 3 

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used: GHG emissions reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and the 
most recent CDP Climate Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3). 

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page. 

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

The management approach and its 
components 

Environmental Policy 

CDP Climate Change Response 

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Environment > Waste and Recycling 

Waste generation and significant 
waste-related impacts 

T-Mobile manages its operational waste in an environmentally responsible manner, including Municipal Solid Waste (MSW), regulated waste, shred paper, and electronic waste. 
We manage impacts related to waste generated in our own activities.

103-1

103-2

103-3

306-1

81

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

306-2

Management of significant waste- 
related impacts 

Universal Regulated Waste: T-Mobile works with a single national vendor to provide universal regulated waste collection across the company. This includes collection for dry cell batteries, 
bulbs, ballasts, aerosol cans, and some small electronics. All corporate owned retail stores have regulated waste collection centers on site to ensure accessible collection. Employees and 
contractors at other locations can also request vendor universal regulated waste collection supplies from a T-Mobile internal web portal. 

Document Shredding: T-Mobile provides secure document shredding at retail and commercial real estate offices. For employees at our Overland Park, Kansas office, shred paper collection 
events are held monthly at no charge to employees. 

E-waste: T-Mobile works to responsibly manage electronic waste across our operations, which includes IT and network equipment. We also provide opportunities for customers to 
responsibly dispose of their devices. Our device recycling and reuse program aims to recover devices, such as phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots, and IoT items. 

Municipal Solid Waste: Trash and recycling services are provided at our buildings according to local regulations and guidelines outlined by building owners. 

Hazardous waste: T-Mobile works with select vendors to responsibly manage hazardous waste and dispose of it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Third-party waste management and oversight processes: T-Mobile works with a third-party waste diversion consultant to optimize recycling best practices. In addition, the third-party 
waste diversion consultant audits service provided by our two national haulers to right-size those services and validate they match the contracted agreement. 

We are also a member of the Department of Energy’s Better Buildings Waste Pilot in an effort to share and learn best practices for waste diversion, reporting, and employee engagement 
and education. 

Processes used to collect and monitor waste-related data: We receive waste reports from select vendors, including national haulers and recyclers for select waste streams. 

306-3

Waste generated

Total Waste: 40,606.18 metric tons (MT) 
■	  Municipal Solid Waste: 12,533.31 
■	  Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste: 17.34 
■	  Compost: 0.90 
■	  Mixed Recyclables and Regulated Waste: 8,323.01 
■	  Paper Shred: 2,923.32 
IT Equipment: 567.04 

■	 

■	  Network Equipment: 16,236.90 
■	  Handsets and Tablets (excludes customer devices): 4.36 

Waste diverted from disposal

T-Mobile generated approximately 28,055 metric tons of waste that was diverted from disposal. 

Waste directed to disposal

T-Mobile generated approximately 12,550 metric tons of non-diverted waste, largely consisting of municipal solid waste and a limited amount (approximately 0.1%) of non-hazardous and 
hazardous waste responsibly managed by approved vendors in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

306-4

306-5

82

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

Social Disclosures 
Material Topic: Health, Safety, and Wellness 

GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 

103-1

103-2

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

The management approach and its 
components 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our People > Health, Safety, and Wellness 

T-Mobile’s Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policies and Standards apply to all T-Mobile operations and subsidiaries. 

At T-Mobile, we work hard to reduce workplace hazards, comply with all applicable environmental, health, and safety regulations, and implement sustainable business practices. 
Underpinning our commitment to maintain a safe and healthy workplace and to minimize the impact of business operations on the environment, is our Environmental, Health, and Safety 
(EHS) Program. Our EHS Program includes current EHS Policies and Standards within a Company EHS Management System that apply to all T-Mobile operations and subsidiaries. 

103-3

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

The EHS team identifies gaps and implements programs needed to ensure ongoing compliance and continuous improvement of the EHS Management System. This team is overseen by 
executive leadership and works closely with business units and supervisors across the company to ensure integration of EHS requirements and ongoing reporting of EHS activities. 

403-1

Occupational health and safety 
management system 

T-Mobile’s EHS Management System is a set of interrelated programs and policies designed to implement, operate, monitor, and improve standards and processes that ensure ongoing 
compliance and to reduce workplace hazards and environmental impacts. T-Mobile’s EHS Management System is aligned to International Standard Organization (ISO) 14001 
(Environmental Management Systems) and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems). 

Scope of program is all sites enterprise-wide. 

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, 
and incident investigation 

The EHS team is comprised of experienced professionals who develop, coordinate implementation, monitor, review, and maintain EHS programs to reduce workplace hazards and 
environmental impacts. The EHS team is overseen by executive leadership and works closely with business units and supervisors across the company to ensure integration of EHS 
requirements and ongoing reporting of EHS activities. T-Mobile’s EHS program outlines hazard prevention requirements and controls, emergency response plans, medical assistance 
protocols, awareness and training requirements, and the process for incident reporting and investigations. 

All EHS-related incidents must be reported via an appropriate mechanism (e.g. the EHS email box, EHS hotline, or the incident management system) according to the Code of Business 
Conduct. For more information, please contact Safety@T-mobile.com. 

All unsafe conditions are to be immediately reported to management. Employees can phone concerns to the 24/7 EHS Helpline at 877-604-7233 or email them to Safety@T-Mobile.com. 

Work-related incidents are filed in the Aurora incident reporting system with immediate distribution to EHS, Risk Management/Insurance, and Site Safety. Upon receipt of facts, an incident 
investigation is commenced.

83

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES 

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued 

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

403-3

Occupational health services

403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational health 
and safety 

403-5

Worker training on occupational health 
and safety 

The EHS team partners with line of business leadership to manage EHS risk across the enterprise and to ensure implementation of applicable EHS Enterprise Programs. This includes 
program development, change management, regulatory updates, site assessments, training, incident investigation, metric development and reporting, and interfacing with regulators. The 
EHS team identifies gaps and implements programs needed to ensure ongoing compliance and continuous improvement of the EHS Management System. The EHS team works with Safety 
Lead Employees, who are responsible for the implementation and management of EHS Enterprise Programs that apply to their lines of business, and Site Leads, who manage EHS processes 
and procedures at their sites, implement EHS Enterprise Programs, communicate EHS program information, and review EHS issues with the local Safety Committee. Supervisors are 
responsible for EHS program adherence for their area of authority. 

T-Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for company-wide access to EHS program documents. 

T-Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for company-wide access to EHS program documents. 

All T-Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures. In addition, T-Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job-specific EHS 
practices as appropriate. 

In addition, safety committees are formed for any non-retail facility with more than ten employees in order to provide a forum to regularly discuss and address local workplace hazards, 
reduce workplace EHS risks, and promote health and safety awareness. For facilities with ten or fewer employees, the senior manager at the facility includes EHS issues as a recurring topic 
during staff meetings. 

All T-Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures. In addition, T-Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job-specific EHS 
practices as appropriate, which includes: 
■	  New job assignment EHS training; 
■	  EHS training for whenever new substances, processes, procedures, or equipment are introduced to the workplace and present a new hazard; 
■	  EHS training for whenever the facility is made aware of a new or previously unrecognized hazard; 
■	  Manager-led instruction for employees under their direction that includes the safety and health hazards to which they may be exposed; 
■	  First aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), and bloodborne pathogen certification training for all telecommunications field workers; and 
■	  Other training as required to ensure the health and welfare of employees (e.g., ladder training, fire extinguisher, etc.). 

403-6

Promotion of worker health

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our People > Health, Safety, and Wellness 

Read about our benefits on our website: Employee Benefits 

403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts directly linked 
by business relationships 

T-Mobile has a well-defined Contractor Safety Program, which works to ensure more than 1,000 key vendors have the proper health and safety programs in place to prevent workplace 
incidents while doing work on behalf of T-Mobile. All such programs must be uploaded into a third-party database, and key safety metrics from the past three years are entered, and then 
reviewed by the EHS team. If vendors do not meet T-Mobile’s criteria, they are not authorized to do work on T-Mobile’s behalf. 

84

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

403-9

Work-related injuries

For T-Mobile employees: 
■	  The number of fatalities: 0 
■	  The rate of fatalities: 0 
■	  The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities): 3 and 0.004 per 200,000 hours worked 
■	  The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries: 183 and 0.27 per 200,000 hours worked 
■	  The main types of work-related injury: Slips/trips/falls, struck against/by object, and strains/sprains 
■	  The number of hours worked: 135,318,647 hours 

For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: Such figures for non-T-Mobile employees are not tracked as T-Mobile is not a 
controlling entity for on-site safety. In addition, T-Mobile employees are not authorized for high-risk/high-consequence tasks. All such tasks (such as tower climbing, high voltage electrical 
work) would be completed by a qualified third-party entity that is evaluated holistically by T-Mobile’s Contractor Safety Program. 

Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked: 200,000 hours worked. 

Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded: No exclusions of T-Mobile employees. 

Material Topic: Employee Engagement, Learning, and Development 

GRI 404: Training and Education 

Explanation of the material topic and its 
boundaries 

The management approach and its 
components 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our People > Employee Engagement, Learning, and Development 

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Average hours of training per year per 
employee 

Employees participated in over 5.4 million hours of training. 

This number includes only those trackable training hours completed in a formal Learning Management System by all T-Mobile full- and part-time employees.

103-1

103-2

103-3

404-1

85

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills 
and transition assistance programs 

Learning and Development Highlights: 
■	  Employees participated in approximately 5.4 million hours* of training 
■	  We provided $20.18 million in tuition assistance for 5,803 employees 
■	  Our Day of Learning reached more than 15,700 employees, employees rated it 4.3 out of 5 stars and 70% would recommend a replay to their peers 
■	  Our 2021 CareerFest event reached more than 8,700 employees 
■	  The 2021 Apprenticeship program had a 100% conversion/retention rate for those that completed the program 
■	  Lead Magenta Next was recognized as the i4cp Next Practice Winner in 2021 
■	  311 joined leadership and career development programs focused on opportunities to enhance capabilities of underrepresented talent 

At T-Mobile, our people come first, and we won’t stop helping employees achieve their goals. We have a robust lineup of development programs and resources designed to build a diverse 
group of leaders and empower employees for career success. We are on a mission to deliver learning and create connections across the enterprise for ALL employees to continually evolve 
their skills and careers so we can achieve something bigger and better together. And, it’s all easily accessible on our Magenta University site, which is our one-stop shop for all things career 
development and learning. Magenta University helps employees evolve their skills and career, advance leadership expertise, and deepen commitments to DE&I. 

* Includes only trackable training hours completed in our formal Learning Management System. 

Material Topic: Employee Diversity (Equity and Inclusion) 

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

The management approach and its 
components 

Human Rights Statement 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our People > DE&I 

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Diversity of governance bodies

As of December 31, 2021, our 14-member Board included: 

4 women (28.6%) 

4 people who belong to a traditionally underrepresented racial/ethnic group (28.6%) 

Percent between 30-50 years old: 7% 

Percent above 50 years old: 93%

103-1

103-2

103-3

405-1

86

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

GRI Index Continued

Disclosure#

Disclosure Topic

2021 Response

Diversity of employees

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our People > DE&I

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Governance > Corporate Governance

Material Topic: Digital Security and Privacy 

GRI 418: Customer Privacy 

Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundaries 

The management approach and its 
components 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: The Numbers and Small Print > Material Topic Definitions 

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Governance > Data Privacy 

Evaluation of the management approach

2021 Corporate Responsibility Report: Our Company > ESG Approach 

Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and losses 
of customer data 

T-Mobile does not report on all complaints concerning customer privacy or data loss. As required by FCC rules, T-Mobile has implemented policies and procedures to capture (and 
investigate) all customer complaints made to any company business channel (e.g., customer care, retail, Web, etc.) concerning alleged unauthorized release of CPNI. We report this number 
(for both substantiated and unsubstantiated complaints) annually to the FCC in a public filing available from T-Mobile or from the FCC’s website under Docket 06-36. For 2021, that filing 
reported a total of 913 complaints concerning CPNI (some of which were determined not to be substantiated).

103-1

103-2

103-3

418-1

87

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

SASB Index

SASB Index 

The table below references the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for the 
Telecommunication Services Industry, as defined by SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System. 

Topic

SASB Code

Requested Metric

TC-TL-130a.1

(1) Total energy consumed

Environmental 
Footprint of 
Operations 

2021 Response 

28,902,225 GJ 

Total energy consumed is calculated based on emissions sources included in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, namely diesel, gasoline, jet fuel, propane, natural gas, and 
electricity. 

For more information, refer to our Independent Assurance Statement, which can be found on our reporting page. 

TC-TL-130a.2

(2) Percentage grid electricity

97.2% 

Percentage grid electricity is calculated as total electricity consumed as purchased from the grid (and reported for scope 2 GHG emissions) divided by total energy 
consumed. 

TC-TL-130a.3

(3) Percentage renewable

97.2% 

Percentage renewable electricity is calculated as total renewable electricity generated on site or purchased in the form of renewable energy credits divided by total 
energy consumed.

88

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

SASB Index Continued

Topic

SASB Code

Requested Metric

2021 Response

Data Privacy

TC-TL-220a.1

Description of policies and practices 
relating to behavioral advertising and 
customer privacy 

The T-Mobile Privacy Center houses our Privacy Notices about our privacy practices for consumers. Here consumers can find the choices they have over the use of 
their personal data and our Privacy Notice describing what data we collect, how it is used, when it is shared, how we retain and protect it, and other privacy safeguards. 

See the T-Mobile Privacy Notice for how the company collects, uses, shares, and protects personal data. 

T-Mobile has policies and practices in place for data handling and to govern the data lifecycle including the use of Privacy by Design principles and processes to 
evaluate new projects using Privacy Impact Assessments. 

We don’t knowingly collect data from or about children without the permission of their parent or guardian. When we do collect that data, we might do it directly, like 
when they sign up for a service. We might also collect it automatically if a child uses the products or services we offer. See our Children’s Privacy Notice for more 
information. 

The T-Mobile Privacy Center gives consumers easy to access information concerning behavioral advertising and their choices. This includes the choices consumers 
have over the use of their personal data for relevant advertising and data analytics and reporting. For more information see our Advertising and Analytics article. 

For relevant ads, T-Mobile will use and analyze data from your device, and usage data generated by use of T-Mobile products and services, and sometimes data from 
third-party partners, to create inferences for our own and third-party advertising until customers tell us not to use it. This data helps us understand more about user 
interests (e.g. sports enthusiast, loves cooking, etc.). This data does not directly identify users. 

TC-TL-220a.2

TC-TL-220a.3

TC-TL-220a.4

Number of customers whose 
information is used for secondary 
purposes 

The number of customers whose information is used for secondary purposes varies by product as consumers may opt out of these uses. For example, we offer 
consumer choices about data use for analytics and reporting or relevant advertising. We publicly disclose information on the types of secondary uses in our Privacy 
Notice

 as well as the number of requests we’ve received from customers to access or delete their personal data, or opt-out. 

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with customer privacy 

For purposes of reporting this metric, we’ll report on regulatory fines or legal settlements for matters that have a material impact on our operations, or which we’d 
otherwise disclose to investors pursuant to SEC guidance. We do not, as of this report, have any material monetary loss as the result of litigation or regulatory 
investigations concerning our processing of consumer data. 

(1) Number of law enforcement 
requests for customer information 

(2) Number of customers whose 
information was requested 

(3) Percentage resulting in disclosure 

T-Mobile discloses the number of law enforcement requests for customer information and the number of requests that were rejected, received no response, or 
received a written explanation of why T-Mobile was unable to respond in whole or in part. For the latest annual figures, visit our website to view the most current 
annual Transparency Report. 

T-Mobile releases customer records to third parties only when legally authorized or compelled to do so. Our Legal and Emergency Response team relies on Federal and 
State statutes and regulations when determining appropriate compliance. The Legal and Emergency Response Specialists are trained to analyze legal demands and 
make a determination regarding appropriate compliance. Generally, T-Mobile notifies customers of third-party legal demands only if required by law or contract to do 
so. T-Mobile does not measure the number of individual customers whose information is requested.

89

 
2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE  
ENVIRONMENT

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

SASB Index Continued

Topic

SASB Code

Requested Metric

2021 Response

Data Security

TC-TL-230a.1

(1) Number of data breaches 

TC-TL-230a.2

(2) Percentage involving personally 
identifiable information (PII) 

(3) Number of customers affected 

Description of approach to identifying 
and addressing data security 
risks, including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standards 

T-Mobile does not report these figures publicly, in part as the definition of “data breach” varies across laws and contract terms. We do provide public notice for those 
incidents where such notice is required by law. In unusual cases, we may provide additional information about an incident and our response.

We use administrative, technical, contractual, and physical safeguards designed to protect customer data while it is under our control. T-Mobile’s data security 
program also includes, among other items, a threat intelligence component, a supplier risk management component, a vulnerability and patch management 
component, and investigative tools such as digital loss prevention tools to identify and address data security risks. We utilize the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework in designing that program and comply with applicable data security laws and standards in the context where they apply. 
Examples of such laws and standards include the Sarbanes-Oxley law on financial reports, FCC CPNI rules for certain telecommunications usage data, Payment Card 
Industry standards applicable to handling of payment card data, and the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) for certain federal service contracts.

TC-TL-440a.1

Product 
End-of-life 
Management 

(1) Materials recovered through take-
back programs 

Percentage of recovered materials that 
were (2) reused 

Percentage of recovered materials that 
were (3) recycled 

Percentage of recovered materials that 
were (4) landfilled 

T-Mobile is committed to giving customers a way to responsibly dispose of their devices and extend their product life. Through our Device Reuse and Recycling 
program, customers can trade in an eligible device for a credit toward a new one or they can bring in unused devices to our retail collection sites. Devices currently 
included in this program include phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots, and IoT items. 

Our Device Reuse and Recycling program complies with federal and state laws and gives consumers a way to properly and safely recycle these items. T-Mobile 
requires suppliers and partners that repair and recycle these devices to be certified to the industry-leading R2 standard which provides a common set of processes, 
safety measures, and documentation requirements. R2 is rigorously and independently audited, emphasizing quality, safety, and transparency, including any devices 
exported for refurbishment and recycling. 

In 2021, T-Mobile collected approximately 11.6 million devices (5,388 MT) through this take-back program. As of 12/31/21, approximately 90% were reused or resold to 
approved vendors for reuse, approximately 3% responsibly recycled by certified third-party facilities, and approximately 6% remained in inventory and are intended to 
be reused or recycled in 2022.

90

2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

SASB Index Continued

Topic

SASB Code

Requested Metric

2021 Response

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

TC-TL-520a.1

Competitive 
Behavior & 
Open Internet 

TC-TL-520a.2

TC-TL-520a.3

TC-TL-550a.1

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with anti-competitive behavior 
regulations 

Average actual sustained download 
speed of (1) owned and commercially- 
associated content and (2) non- 
associated content 

Description of risks and opportunities 
associated with net neutrality, paid 
peering, zero rating, and related 
practices 

(1) System average interruption 
frequency 

(2) Customer average interruption 
duration 

For the fiscal year 2021, T-Mobile had no material losses related to litigation or to non-appealable regulatory decisions involving anti-competitive behavior. 

T-Mobile is committed to an open internet and does not directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic either in exchange for consideration from a third party 
or to benefit an affiliated entity. For more information on T-Mobile network performance characteristics (including download speeds), customer options, and network 
management practices, see our Open Internet information page online. 

See T-Mobile’s SEC reports for our disclosures relating to the risks and opportunities associated with laws and regulations addressing net neutrality. 

T-Mobile does not currently disclose the system average interruption frequency. 

T-Mobile does not currently disclose the customer average interruption duration. 

TC-TL-550a.2

Discussion of systems to provide 
unimpeded service during service 
interruptions 

At T-Mobile, we understand the importance of reliable communications and connectivity during critical events, like natural disasters and emergency situations. 
That’s why building in operational and network resilience is vital to the work we do. As a company, we are committed to safeguarding the interests of our customers, 
employees, and stakeholders in the event of an emergency or significant business disruption. 

We maintain an Enterprise Continuity Program designed to be best-in-class with proactive measures to reduce risk to enterprise operations and recovery solutions 
that minimize impact to customers and services during a potential business disruption. With enterprise-wide teams that work to address business continuity, disaster 
recovery, network availability, emergency response, and customer support, we are relentless at keeping the interests of our customers, employees, and stakeholders 
at the forefront of our disaster readiness and emergency response work. A team of dedicated, certified, and seasoned business continuity professionals work with all 
lines of business to help ensure that Business Continuity Plans are current, comprehensive, and effective. 

Critical operations, processes, and services across the enterprise are identified along with criticality ratings, risks, gaps, and potential impacts of a service disruption. 
Process, criticality, and risk reviews are conducted on a regular basis. 

T-Mobile’s Executive Management receives a quarterly risk report inclusive of the efforts and status of the Enterprise Continuity Program. The Enterprise Continuity 
Program is also reviewed and approved by leadership on an annual basis.

Managing 
Systemic  
Risks from 
Technology 
Disruptions 

91

OUR PEOPLEOUR GOVERNANCEOUR COMMUNITIESOUR COMPANYTHE  ENVIRONMENT2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 

SASB Index Continued

Topic

SASB Code

Requested Metric

2021 Response

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

TC-TL-000.A

Quantitative

T-Mobile reported 108,719,000 wireless customers at the end of 2021. 

A customer is generally defined as a SIM number with a unique T-Mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue. Customers are qualified 
either for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, wearables, DIGITS, or other connected devices, which include tablets and SyncUP products, where 
they generally pay after receiving service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance of receiving service. Our postpaid customers include customers of 
T-Mobile. Our prepaid customers include customers of T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile. 

TC-TL-000.B

Quantitative

T-Mobile does not have customers who contract with us for fixed line phone services as outlined by the standard. 

TC-TL-000.C

Quantitative

T-Mobile reported 646,000 High Speed Internet customers at the end of 2021. 

Number of 
Wireless 
Subscribers 

Number of 
Wireline 
Subscribers 

Number of 
Broadband 
Subscribers 

Network Traffic  TC-TL-000.D

Quantitative

T-Mobile does not currently report this information.

92

OUR PEOPLEOUR GOVERNANCEOUR COMMUNITIESOUR COMPANYTHE  ENVIRONMENT2021 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

OUR 
COMPANY

OUR 
GOVERNANCE

OUR 
PEOPLE

OUR 
COMMUNITIES

THE NUMBERS 
AND SMALL PRINT

Connect with T-Mobile 
T-Mobile.com

THE  ENVIRONMENTThis report is aligned to the world’s most widely used standard for sustainability reporting the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, as well as Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for our industry.

It covers the operations and activities of T Mobile US, Inc. for the calendar year 2021 (January 1 to December 31) unless otherwise noted.

T Mobile’s mission is to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

It is at the heart of who we are, driving our obsession to enable more people in more places to have access to the connectivity shaping virtually all aspects of modern life and making it our priority to not leave anyone behind.

It goes without saying that the last few years have been challenging for our customers, our employees, and society as a whole.

And, when I look ahead, I see economic, political, and societal tides that will continue to test our resolve and spirit as a company, country, and as human beings living together in our shared world.

But it’s also during these times that I’m more convinced about our mission than ever because it’s our need for connection to one another and to our community that makes us human.

And that’s what T Mobile is all about we connect people.

That’s why we are investing so heavily to further extend our unrivaled 5G leadership with our transformative network.

It’s also why we are so proud of, and committed to, Project 10Million, our landmark five year initiative to provide free or heavily subsidized connectivity to under connected households with school aged children across the U.S.

However, none of this comes to life without our employees, the heart and soul of our company and the key to our success.

They are the passionate champions for our customers.

They are diverse and engaged representatives of our communities.

And it’s our employees who are the foundation of our iconic and vibrant Magenta culture.

Two years after our historic merger with Sprint, we continue to invest in the growth and well being of our employees and the health of our culture.

Foundational to this work is our long standing commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion.

I am proud of the open, diverse, and be you culture that we foster at T Mobile.

This work remains a focus as we continue on our path to lead by example, put people first, and provide the best opportunities, within the best culture, to everyone that works at T Mobile.

Finally, being in the business of connecting people comes with great responsibility.

We are resolute in our commitment to operate responsibly, with integrity, and with a focus on the well being of our communities and planet.

I’m immensely proud that T Mobile sources renewable energy equivalent to 100% of our electricity usage a first for our industry.

And in 2021 alone, we invested over 1.8B in order to strengthen our communities through funding and in kind support.

As we enter a new era of Un carrier, we’re committed to being an even greater force for good in wireless and the world in which we live.

We know that we can’t be the best at connecting customers to their world without being prepared to change our industry, and the world, for the better.

We didn’t earn our Un carrier stripes by shying away from doing the right thing, and it’s why T Mobile has pledged to use our expanded network, scale, and resources to deliver 5G for All and create a connected world where everyone can thrive.

Today, we’re leading the U.S. wireless industry with America’s ONLY nationwide stand alone 5G network, unmatched value, and unwavering customer love.

As we enter a new era of Un carrier, we are continuing to focus on doing what’s right for our customers and building a more sustainable, inclusive future for all.

To learn more about T Mobile’s economic contribution and business strategy, view our Annual Report.

Fastest based on median, overall combined 5G speeds according to analysis by Ookla of Speedtest Intelligence data 5G download speeds for Q4 2021.

Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.

Based on analysis by T Mobile of Speedtest Intelligence data from Ookla U.S. median 5G T Mobile speed tests from cities with 2.5GHz compared to mobile Wi Fi results for Q4 2021.

Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.

For our customers, our shareholders, society and each other.

Our business has a big impact on the way society lives, works, learns, and engages with the world.

That’s why our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) approach is guided by a simple yet bold aspiration to create a connected world where everyone can thrive.

That means responsibly operating our business to create long term value for our most important stakeholders, while never losing sight of our opportunity to leverage our size, scale, technology, and the power of our brand to be a force for good.

We actively manage and address a range of ESG matters from providing equitable access to connectivity, to championing diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workforce and society, and sustainably managing our environmental footprint as we continue to grow our business.

Fundamental to this work is our ongoing commitment to responsible business practices that promote accountability, transparency, and ethical conduct.

Equitable Opportunities We are loud and proud champions and advocates of diversity, equity, and inclusion within our walls and out in the world.

We are a stronger company when every employee feels valued for who they are and equipped to constantly innovate and offer the best for our customers.

That’s why we’re committed to providing equitable opportunities for all.

It’s our mission and our passion, because we fundamentally believe that access to connectivity and the digital skills to navigate our world have become two of the most important differentiators of societal equity today.

That’s why we’re empowering people with essential connections, tools, and skills needed to succeed in today’s digital world.

Thriving Planet We recognize that our innovative products and services that provide connectivity to our customers also have an impact on the environment.

By taking bold steps now to reduce our environmental footprint, we can help create a more sustainable future for everyone.

That’s why we’re mobilizing our resources, people, and partnerships to support a thriving planet.

Underpinning our strategic areas of focus is our commitment to doing things the right way, always.

That means being uncompromising in our ethical code and upholding strong corporate governance policies and practices that help us earn and keep the trust of our customers, employees, and the communities we serve.

Winning is important to us but how we get there matters.

Oversight of our progress on ESG issues that are important to our business and our stakeholders occurs at the highest levels of our company.

This encourages stronger consideration of ESG matters when making decisions and improves cross functional collaboration.

T Mobile Board of Directors Oversees and reviews management activities and advises on long term and strategic issues, with a view to enhancing the long term value of T Mobile.

Outside of the regular cadence of briefings, periodically receives additional updates on enterprise risk, cybersecurity, and other notable ESG matters from management and Board committees.

Assists the Board in oversight of T Mobile’s risk assessment, risk management policies, and compliance with T Mobile’s Code of Ethics.

Receives enterprise risk updates four times a year, including on risks relating to network resilience and business continuity, cybersecurity, and data privacy.

Provides oversight of T Mobile’s compliance and ethics program, cybersecurity, data privacy, sustainability, and corporate social responsibility initiatives.

Receives quarterly briefings on key ESG topics, emerging trends, and progress, including cybersecurity and infrastructure security.

Receives an annual update on political contributions and charitable spending.

Executive Management T Mobile executives provide oversight of critical ESG issues, risks, and progress on initiatives.

Key executives provide updates to the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Executives co lead and serve on internal cross functional committees to drive enterprise wide alignment and to provide strategic guidance and effective oversight of key issues.

As the Un carrier, we changed the wireless industry by listening and responding to our customers.

We take the same approach to inform our ESG strategy by understanding what is important to our key stakeholders customers, employees, community partners, suppliers, and shareholders.

By gathering input through a variety of formal and informal channels, we can better understand what our stakeholders care about and where they see us having the greatest impact and influence.

This helps better align our actions with the priorities most relevant for our industry and our business.

One of the most important tools we use to listen to our stakeholders is a third party ESG materiality assessment.

Conducted every couple of years, this assessment directly asks our leaders, employees, customers, and other key stakeholders to rank the ESG issues they care about and tell us what topics they think are most important for T Mobile to address.

T Mobile believes in frequent, consistent, and transparent communication with shareholders.

Our senior management and investor relations team engage extensively and regularly with shareholders on topics that include ESG matters.

Engagement takes place through one on one conversations and group meetings, major industry conferences, quarterly earnings, and through T Mobile’s first Analyst Day, which we hosted in March 2021.

T Mobile partners with our External Diversity and Inclusion Council to help guide and support our Equity In Action (EIA) objectives.

The Council includes leaders from the National Urban League, League of United Latin American Citizens, National Action Network, Unidos U.S., OCA Asian Pacific American Advocates, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, Human Rights Campaign, National Organization on Disability, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, National Diversity Coalition, and Multicultural Media, Telecom and Internet Council.

The passionate and dedicated volunteer leaders of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) identify diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE I) opportunities where our company can make the biggest impact.

T Mobile has six ERGs with four sub affinity groups and 50 local DE I Chapters around the country.

In addition to hosting events, these groups provide a forum for ongoing dialogue and feedback on important issues to ensure that diverse voices across the company are heard.

Community engagement and feedback is important to our business.

That’s why we work to foster strong relations with local communities and external partners so that we’re informed of critical issues impacting our customers, company, and industry.

By consulting with local officials, community partners, and industry associations about our business and potential impact, we can incorporate feedback into key initiatives and champion change where it’s needed most.

T Mobile’s most recent ESG materiality assessment took place in 2021 after our merger with Sprint to ensure a timely and full picture of the evolving ESG landscape.

The assessment included an analysis of emerging ESG trends and standards, survey responses from employees and customers, and in depth interviews with internal and external stakeholders, including investors, suppliers, community partners, and advocacy organizations.

This allowed us to identify and prioritize the most significant ESG issues for our business and stakeholders.

Governance topics such as digital privacy and security and ethical business practices scored high.

Critical areas of social impact, like digital equity, employee diversity and inclusion, human rights, and health, safety, and wellness, rose to the top.

Finally, climate change and waste and recycling were among the top environmental issues.

The Key Findings The ESG topics identified as most significant in the assessment are listed below in order of their relevance in the materiality matrixi.

See our complete list of ESG topics and definitions.

The information disclosed on these ESG topics in this report should not be considered a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of such topics.

For more information, please see Notes About This Report.

Both our industry and our world are moving and changing quickly.

T Mobile is positioned at the forefront of technologies driving change, including the transformational capabilities of 5G.

Through innovation, investment, and a constant eye on emerging trends, we can better deliver on both the current and future needs of our customers, while never losing sight of our commitment to responsible business practices.

These are some of the key ESG and industry trends on our radar and how we are tackling them.

In an era of 24 7 connectivity, delivering on customer expectations is more important than ever.

That’s why the customer obsessed heroes who make up Team Magenta are our most powerful differentiator.

Because of their dedication to our customer first approach, T Mobile is consistently recognized for providing amazing customer service across our flagship brand, T Mobile, and our prepaid brand, Metro by T Mobile.

Find out more about what makes Team Magenta and our culture different in our Culture section.

Internet infrastructure is an essential part of a digitally inclusive society, but it’s just one piece of the puzzle.

Affordability, access, and digital proficiency are all important factors that require action from both the private sector and government.

As the U.S. takes steps to close the digital divide, including a 65 billion investment to improve broadband infrastructure through the American Jobs Plan, at T Mobile, we’re continuing our critical efforts to support digital equity through our five year 10.7B Project 10Million commitment.

Find out more about how T Mobile is supporting digital inclusion and empowerment and connecting millions of students who lack home internet through Project 10Million.

Not surprisingly, the last two years have had a profound impact on employee health, well being, and engagement.

Navigating the pandemic and resulting personal, family, and professional stressors have impacted everything from employee health and wellness to workplace expectations.

At T Mobile we’ve always prioritized our employees and take the time to listen to their feedback on a range of topics, including workplace flexibility, health and safety, and career development.

We have doubled down on opportunities for career growth and increased mental health offerings, among other investments.

Find out more about how we enable Team Magenta to thrive through DE I initiatives and learning and career development.

Telcos in the U.S. and overseas are accelerating their actions on climate and sustainability.

An important area of focus is around sustainable energy management, which includes shifting to renewable sources of power, adopting energy efficient measures and new technology available for 5G networks, and developing services that allow customers to reduce their carbon footprint, such as Work From Anywhere and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions, fleet management, and device recycling.

Find out more about our sustainable energy management and device recycling work.

In fact, it is forecasted that 5G’s impact on the global economy will count for more than 1.3 trillion by 2030ii.

Not only can the power of 5G help companies grow their businesses, but it can also fundamentally change the way some industries operate.

We can expect to see transformations fueled by 5G in manufacturing, healthcare, financial services, utilities, and of course, consumer and media applications.

Find out more about how T Mobile is responding and contributing to 5G powered innovation in the next section.

Recent years have continued to underscore the importance of responsible supply chain management.

Our suppliers are key partners in our business and we actively engage with them to establish clear expectations and understand where we can better collaborate to improve the environmental and social impact of our supply chain.

We are committed to developing a supplier base that reflects our core values, demonstrates strong ethical business, and represents the diverse customers and communities we serve.

Find out more about how T Mobile manages a responsible supply chain and supports diverse suppliers.

We are just beginning to see the possibilities unleashed by 5G.

Speed, reliability, and greater capacity are driving innovation that can help meet the evolving needs of our customers and the planet and make our lives run more efficiently.

T Mobile is at the center of this transformation, leveraging the power of our 5G network to fuel change across education, farming, healthcare, retail, transportation, and more.

Many veterans may not have the opportunity of seeing Washington, D.C.’s famed military memorials in person.

But with 5G enabled virtual reality (VR), our veterans can do that without ever leaving their home.

In partnership with mixed reality company Healium and Honor Flight Network, T Mobile created a VR experience that virtually transports veterans to Washington D.C. just as if they were there in person.

In the virtual tours, veterans can hear the sound of the Rainbow Pool, watch the Changing of the Guard at Arlington National Cemetery, and visit the World War II Memorial, Korean War Veterans Memorial, Vietnam Veterans Memorial, and the Women in Military Service for America Memorial.

It’s a great example of 5G’s ability to enable VR applications that transport us to new places and better connect people to their worlds.

Fisk University, located in Nashville, TN, is one of the top ranked historically Black universities in the country.

In 2021, they teamed up with T Mobile, HTC VIVE, and VictoryXR to launch a first of its kind interactive 5G powered VR human cadaver lab for students in pre med and biology related majors.

The virtual lab combines the in person classroom experience with 5G powered VR technology, enabling students to explore the complete skeletal structure, muscle structure, and the 11 human organ systems while engaging in person with their classmates and instructors.

This is just a taste of the learning experiences 5G is bringing to educational institutions everywhere.

Many young people leave school without a clear picture of their career path or future ambitions.

What if we could help them envision their future with the aid of 5G powered VR Using two mobile trailers equipped with T Mobile 5G, the Oculus Quest, and HTC VIVE Pro 2 headsets, Future Leaders Outreach Network travels to schools and other community locations.

There, they conduct a VR program that encourages young students to explore potential future occupations via 25 different career path simulations developed by VictoryXR, CareerLabsVR, and others.

The career path simulations include industrial robot technicians, first responders, electricians, and more all of which empower young people with a clearer picture of careers they can pursue to become future leaders and entrepreneurs.

T Mobile created an ecosystem to meet innovators where they are anywhere from ideation to incubation, prototyping and beyond.

As a co founder of the 5G Open Innovation Lab, we’ve helped establish a global applied innovation ecosystem of developers, corporate enterprises, academia, and government institutions, working together with early and mid stage ventures to fuel the development of transformative new capabilities.

Through the T Mobile Accelerator, an immersive technology program, we’re supporting start ups and spurring the development of new, transformative applications.

Early in 2022, we also launched the Tech Experience 5G Hub in Bellevue, WA that provides a 24,000 square foot collaborative workspace and lab for innovators to develop new products and services for our 5G network.

And with the T Mobile Ventures investment fund, we help fuel early and emerging growth companies in the development of groundbreaking 5G products and services for our network.

With our leading 5G network as the foundation, we’re continuing to expand our 5G facilities and programs to drive further innovation.

Swan’s Trail Orchard not only grows some of the tastiest apples in Washington state, it has also become a smart farming pioneer in collaboration with T Mobile, 5G Open Innovation Lab (an industry partnership set up to inspire innovation), and Innov8.ag (an agricultural technology start up).

With new 5G enabled sensors that measure soil levels to a depth of 24 inches, apple trees can communicate water needs to farmers, enabling a more precise and sustainable approach to water management.

Through this technology, Swan’s Trail discovered it had been running its irrigation system too frequently and could get the same or better results with 50% less water.

Imagine the power of such a system in areas suffering from water shortages where large farms require millions of gallons to irrigate their crops.

Our Governance Winning is important, but how we get there matters just as much.

Our success relies on the trust of our customers, suppliers, business partners, and one another.

We don’t take this trust for granted we seek to earn it every day through uncompromising ethical conduct, socially and environmentally responsible business practices, and good governance.

We do not conspire with our competitors to rig prices, fix bids, divvy up sales territories, or boycott particular suppliers or customers.

Required Training We take a continuous learning approach so that T Mobile’s Code of Business Conduct is integrated into our everyday business.

Training takes place multiple times throughout the year and is required of all employees and officers of the company.

There’s no room for compromise when it comes to doing business the right way.

We conduct our business with high ethical standards to deliver the results our customers, stakeholders, and employees expect and deserve.

This training covers topics such as Data Safety and Privacy, Anti Corruption, Health and Safety, Harassment and Discrimination, and our Non Retaliation policy, and enables everyone to understand our Code standards and commitment to ethical business practices.

Additional ethical conduct policies are included in our company governance documents.

Our Code of Business Conduct provides clear expectations on how we do it the right way at T Mobile.

It outlines the workplace conduct standards and legal guidelines we follow as part of our commitment to ethical business practices.

We don’t try to gain an unfair advantage over competitors, suppliers, or customers by deceiving anyone, taking advantage of confidential information, or fudging the facts.

This includes compliance with U.S. and foreign laws barring corruption and bribery, conducting ourselves fairly and honestly in all business dealings, and abiding by antitrust rules and regulations.

All employees and officers of the company are required to complete T Mobile’s Code of Business Conduct training each year.

We regularly survey employees to help identify opportunities to strengthen our ethics culture and also have a centralized process for disclosing and addressing potential conflicts of interest.

Governance and Oversight The Chief Compliance Officer provides an annual report to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on the effectiveness of our compliance and ethics programs, using data analysis, key performance indicators, and external benchmarks to measure performance.

To underscore our ongoing commitment to developing, evolving, and refining our business practices, we periodically conduct anti corruption compliance risk assessments.

Through these assessments, we identify key opportunities to further strengthen our training program and other aspects of our compliance and ethics programs.

For almost a decade, our Un carrier revolution has been about doing the right thing for our customers.

It began with ending annual service contracts, data limits and overages, and international data charges, while providing more value for the money, revolutionizing customer care, and bringing a sense of humanity and fun to the wireless industry.

Today, we keep giving more of what customers love without asking for more from Price Lock, Internet Freedom, and Coverage Beyond to free mobile entertainment and free scam blocking protection all to help customers save money while enjoying a superior experience in both wireless and high speed internet service.

That means giving customers complete and transparent information about our products and services.

And it means we don’t charge customers for things they haven’t authorized.

Additionally, T Mobile abides by the practices outlined in the Consumer Code for Wireless Service from CTIA, the trade association representing the wireless industry.

By marketing and selling responsibly, we help our customers avoid bill shock and confusing account balance information.

This is one of our core values and foundational to our Code of Business Conduct.

That’s why we work so hard to enable all our employees to understand what the Code means and how it translates to their jobs.

As part of the onboarding process, we also provide our new hires with a tailored edition of i365 to empower them to start off doing it the right way always.

They are required to complete the training during their first four weeks on the job.

All employees are required to complete each episode of i365 or other Code training, and quarterly completion reports for all lines of business are submitted to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

This engaging and thorough approach to training helps embed our commitment to ethical business standards into our culture and stay in compliance with federal and state laws and regulations, as well as our own policies.

Integrity365 (i365) is our innovative professional standards training curriculum that brings our Code to life for all employees.

Featuring members of Team Magenta, including executives, the TV show format delivers T Mobile’s annual required compliance and ethics training through refreshers and practical, interactive examples of what it means to do the right thing every single day across a variety of situations.

A typical i365 episode includes video based stories addressing different Code topics through realistic, at work situations that help employees identify concerns through multiple choice responses to the ethical conduct questions.

This training is especially effective because it allows employees to participate in making the right decisions based on the values and principles of the Code.

We also created a Manager Edition specifically for people managers which provides supplemental training to equip them to engage their teams on the core principles of T Mobile’s Code.

People managers can access an i365 dashboard to track and drive their team’s training completion.

At the end of each course, employees are asked to give feedback on the training.

Our Compliance team regularly tracks this feedback, along with completion and engagement rates, to assess overall satisfaction with the training, relevance to everyday job duties, and impact on behavior.

This enables T Mobile to continuously incorporate feedback and learnings into new iterations of i365.

David talks about keeping ethical business conduct at the forefront for employees and evolving the program to address ongoing feedback.

Our compliance and ethics programs aspire first and foremost to empower employees to do it the right way through clear policies and effective training.

Even with effective training, we understand that the best way to handle an ethical issue in a particular situation is not always clear so we invite and encourage employees to reach out when they have a question about how they should respond the right way.

We have an Integrity Line and work diligently to ensure our employees know it exists, know how to access it, and feel confident that their concerns can be reported anonymously, if that’s their preference.

Our Speak Up Policy protects employees who raise good faith concerns from retaliation.

We also continuously evaluate our performance to help us ensure our programs are effective.

We conduct surveys and scrutinize the results to make sure we have an accurate assessment of how we are executing on compliance.

Through careful analysis of reported concerns and outcomes, we identify trends in a timely manner and then are thoughtful, strategic, and holistic about next steps.

While I’m happy to say we get great and candid feedback from employees, we are never satisfied with the status quo and are always striving for continuous improvement.

Encouraging Employees to Speak Up In our Code of Business Conduct, and through our Speak Up Policy, we encourage anyone to report a concern, a possible violation of our policies, or to seek advice on how to implement the organization’s policies and practices for responsible business conduct.

We provide employees with means to speak up anonymously and without fear of retaliation through our third party Integrity Line (online or by phone), by emailing our Compliance Ethics team, or contacting our Chief Compliance Officer or the Chair of the Audit Committee directly.

Our Speak Up Policy outlines how people are protected from retaliation whenever they raise or report suspected misconduct or a potential violation of the law in good faith.

Our Commitment to Human Rights T Mobile is deeply committed to human rights.

We believe we have a responsibility to manage our business in a manner consistent with this commitment, and we expect the same of our affiliates, business partners, and their stakeholders.

Our Human Rights Statement covers such areas as discrimination, working conditions, and freedom of expression.

It is informed by a number of international instruments, including the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization’s 1998 Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

Consistent with our commitment to open dialogue and engagement, we consult with relevant stakeholders to understand human rights related concerns, issues, and opportunities in order to assess and escalate them as appropriate.

The leaders of our Human Resources, Corporate Social Responsibility, and Legal Affairs teams are responsible for overseeing the commitments outlined in our Human Rights Statement.

Political Engagement Public policy shapes our business landscape every day.

Engaging in the political process is an important part of how T Mobile advocates for our business and our customers.

We do so transparently and responsibly through corporate political contributions, contributions from an employee funded political action committee (PAC), lobbying, and contributions to tax exempt organizations.

Through these efforts we work to support candidates who share T Mobile’s views on important issues directly related to our business.

We annually publish a Political Engagement Report, which chronicles our contributions and lists our trade association memberships.

Through these activities, we leverage our powerful brand and scale to deliver more for our shareholders, consumers, and employees.

A few bedrock commitments guide our political activities: strict compliance with local, state, and federal laws bipartisan contributions and strict adherence to our Code of Business Conduct and our Political Activities and Lobbying policy.

Our General Counsel provides an annual report to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on our political contributions and engagement.

Doing it the right way and building public trust in our company takes good leadership.

Two important bodies of T Mobile’s governance and management structure are our Board of Directors and our Senior Leadership Team.

Our Board of Directors is made up of dynamic and experienced leaders from across industries who provide counsel and direction to promote our long term success.

The full Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight and is supported by key committees with delegated risk oversight responsibility for certain topics.

We provide orientation to our directors to give them familiarity with the company’s business, industry, and corporate governance practices and policies.

Additionally, we make available to the directors continuing education programs that enable them to update and gain new skills in areas including important ESG topics, such as cybersecurity, and the evolving regulatory landscape.

Board Independence and ESG Oversight Since Deutsche Telekom controls more than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, we are deemed a controlled company under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC rules.

These rules exempt controlled companies, like us, from certain corporate governance requirements, including certain Board and committee independence requirements.

The Audit Committee receives quarterly enterprise wide risk assessment reporting, which includes risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy, business continuity, annual fraud risk assessment, and SOX and Internal Audit reporting or assessments from management and our internal audit lead.

The Audit Committee is also apprised of any significant issues identified as a result of our Enterprise Risk and Compliance assessments.

Nevertheless, each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board is chaired by independent directors, with the Audit Committee consisting of all independent directors.

The Compensation Committee has also retained Mercer (a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc.), a well recognized employee benefits and compensation consulting firm, as its independent compensation consultant.

In addition, our Board has chosen to appoint a lead independent director.

To promote oversight of critical ESG issues, risks, compliance, and progress on initiatives, T Mobile executives report updates to the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives quarterly briefings on progress, updates, and initiatives related to key ESG topics such as cybersecurity and data privacy, political contributions, philanthropic giving, and environmental sustainability.

Board Diversity We understand diversity, inclusive of gender, race, and experience, is a critical attribute of a well functioning Board of Directors and a measure of sound corporate governance.

Our director selection guidelines define diversity broadly to include factors such as gender and race, as well as age, ethnicity, geographic, cultural, and professional diversity.

The composition of the Board has continued to evolve.

As of December 31, 2021, 50% (7 out of 14) of our Board of Directors identify as women and or members of traditionally underrepresented racial ethnic groups.

In addition to our Board of Directors, we have an experienced Senior Leadership Team.

As of December 31, 2021, our leadership consisted of 17 executives with 41% identifying as women or members of traditionally underrepresented racial ethnic groups.

All data points relating to the T Mobile Board of Directors are as of December 31, 2021.

Business disruptions come in all shapes and sizes from natural disasters and pandemics to staffing issues and equipment or application failures.

When a disruption does occur, preparedness planning can make all the difference.

Our Enterprise Continuity Program considers the full range of natural and man made events that could impact our customers, employees, operations, and assets across the country and develops risk mitigation and business continuity strategies to keep our teams prepared and our customers connected.

Planning with an All Hazards Mindset At T Mobile, we develop business continuity and emergency preparedness plans with an all hazards mindset, meaning we have plans in place for a wide range of business disruptions and proactively find ways to eliminate any single points of failure.

Our enterprise continuity team works with every team in the company to conduct annual reviews and update our Business Continuity Plans, ensuring they are current, comprehensive, and effective so the company is ready to coordinate and respond to any new event.

The enterprise continuity team utilizes tools such as a Business Impact Analysis to examine each part of our business and network to determine the impact and severity of different disruptions on our customers, employees, and infrastructure.

This helps us prioritize recovery tasks and identify interdependencies, ensuring that our contingency plans are resilient and all encompassing.

We know how much our customers rely on their connectivity and we invest heavily in the resiliency of our network through network design and operational redundancies that significantly reduce the chance of network failure.

As a result of a multi year network hardening investment we added thousands of backup generators and advanced relief and recovery tools to better equip network switches, data centers, and other critical sites in hurricane prone areas.

Climate Risk and Oversight As the frequency and severity of extreme weather events increase, evaluating climate related risks and preparing for natural disasters and regional power outages has become increasingly critical to our business.

T Mobile’s President of Technology oversees the company’s network resilience strategy, which includes evaluating technology disruptions and climate related impacts to develop and continually update risk mitigation plans.

Our Enterprise Risk Management team also partners with groups across the company to track progress on network resiliency, such as the effectiveness of power backup systems in data centers and the network hardening efforts in at risk areas.

As part of the risk assessment process, our network sites are evaluated for vulnerabilities to environmental change.

To help ensure business critical risks are overseen and communicated at the Board level, the Senior Vice President of Internal Audit Risk Management serves as the Chief Audit Executive and has a direct communication channel to the Audit Committee for purposes of reporting or discussing concerns.

The Chief Audit Executive receives quarterly status reports on the Enterprise Continuity Program and provides a quarterly enterprise wide risk assessment report to the Audit Committee.

Each year we evaluate our Enterprise Continuity Program and review our risk management procedures and evolve them as needed to help mitigate against evolving threats.

Ready to Respond When an emergency does occur, we quickly implement our preparedness plans to keep our employees safe and customers connected.

Our Enterprise Incident Management team manages a virtual Emergency Operations Center to oversee and coordinate the company’s response throughout the event.

This enables us to work effectively with stakeholders inside and outside of our business, from emergency engineering and community support teams on the ground, to retail staff, local authorities, meteorologists, and political leaders.

It’s this approach that enables us to move quickly.

Beyond working to maintain connectivity and services, we’re also proud of the humanitarian assistance we provide to affected communities through our disaster relief efforts.

For more information, see the Natural Disaster and Community Support section.

Earning and keeping their trust by respecting and protecting their data is central to how we operate.

This is vital to our business, and it’s the right thing to do for our customers.

Early in 2021, we launched an updated Privacy Center to give customers a clear and simple explanation of how their data is used and how they can manage it.

There, customers can find the T Mobile Privacy Notice, Children’s Privacy Notice, and other important privacy information, including educational content for consumers on how to better protect themselves and their data.

This is how we help cut through the complexity of data privacy and security for our customers and make it easy to learn about the information we collect, how we use it, and the measures in place to protect it.

Our Pillars of Privacy At T Mobile, data privacy is built around five principles: trust, transparency, control, education, and protection.

Together these principles drive what privacy looks like across our company.

Trust We value the privacy of the data that is entrusted to us.

We believe that every customer deserves core privacy protection practices and to only have their data used for legitimate business purposes.

That includes not using it to send unwanted marketing communications and preventing harmful biases in our algorithms.

Control We put our customers in control when it comes to their data and their preferences.

With simple, clear data choices, customers can easily access and delete their data and set marketing preferences.

We offer all U.S. customers choices to opt out of targeted advertising, even in states where it’s not legally required.

Our Customer Care teams are equipped to assist customers with questions about the data controls available.

Transparency We’re open and honest about our privacy practices and the way we process personal data.

We inform customers of important updates to our Privacy Notice and how they can exercise privacy choices and set preferences by using simple, clear language and easy to find information.

Our annual Transparency Report provides additional information and data on how we deal with law enforcement and national security requests for customer data.

Education We help customers understand privacy and data use so they can make the right choices.

One way we do this is by providing educational resources and video guides for customers on a range of topics across data transparency, data sharing, and marketing choices, and security and controls for the whole family.

Protection T Mobile works to protect the customer data we collect.

For products that use personal data, it’s our policy to collect only what’s necessary, retain it as outlined in our retention policy, and delete it after use.

We work with our suppliers and partners so that they are also applying reasonable safeguards.

T Mobile was the first U.S. wireless provider to implement number verification in 2019.

We also led the industry in 2020 in implementing STIR SHAKEN with all major U.S. network providers to fight number spoofing and further protect customers from scammers and unwanted robocalls.

Scam Shield adds further protections from spammers and scammers.

Empowering Employees to be Data Privacy Champions We want everyone at T Mobile to be a data privacy champion.

We provide annual data privacy training through i365 and year round awareness programs so that employees know how to keep customer data confidential in different scenarios, with additional training for roles that involve handling personal information.

Information Handling Procedure, Information Classification Standard, and Acceptable Use Policy.

We work to further weave a culture of privacy and security throughout the business by engaging our Security and Privacy Ambassador Network (SPAN), which acts as an extension of our Privacy Office.

Members of SPAN are embedded across the company and equipped with enhanced privacy knowledge to raise awareness, oversee adoption of privacy and security practices, and proactively elevate important matters to the Privacy Office.

Digital connectivity allows us to keep connected to loved ones, but it also opens up a world that can be tricky to navigate, especially for families with children.

Parenting in the digital age isn’t always easy, but T Mobile is giving parents and guardians better options for managing their children’s online activities and screen time so they can feel confident about the way their family interacts with digital technology.

With T Mobile, parents and guardians can choose what’s right for their family through both free and paid services.

Our free Web Guard service lets customers apply different filter levels to restrict adult content from being seen or accessed by family members.

FamilyMode can be selected for a cost for those who want to keep track of their family members’ locations in real time, set content filters, and monitor screen time to help develop good digital habits.

Parents can even use the FamilyMode app to give extra screen time as a reward or to pause the internet when a break is called for.

We’re always looking for new ways to safeguard children and protect their privacy through the products and services we offer.

We piloted our Kid’s Line in 2021 for our postpaid customers, with plans to expand access to all of our customers.

This feature enables parents and guardians to designate any line on their account as a Kid’s Line if it’s being used by a child under the age of 16.

Once designated a Kid’s Line, we won’t use that line’s data for advertising, and we’ll opt the line out of our marketing communications.

To learn more, check out our Children’s Privacy Notice.

Our Privacy Office routinely evaluates our corporate policies, procedures, and training programs to provide employees with evolving data privacy and security requirements and ensure they have the resources they need to protect customer privacy.

Data Privacy Oversight and Controls T Mobile has an established governance and controls process in place to help ensure that our data privacy policies and practices are effectively implemented.

The highest level of oversight comes from our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

In addition to Board level oversight, T Mobile’s data privacy team and cybersecurity team jointly report to the Information Security and Privacy Council, which includes members of the Senior Leadership Team.

Together, these groups monitor the effectiveness of T Mobile’s data privacy programs.

We use some information, like adult age range and apps installed on a customer’s device, for advertising purposes.

This information is attributed to Advertising IDs, which are pooled to create audience segments based on customer interests, like sports or entertainment.

When we share data, we only share the audience segment name, like business traveler.

We do not share underlying customer broadband or device usage data with third parties for advertising purposes.

And we never share information for advertising purposes that directly identifies customers, such as name, address, email, or precise location information.

This enables the delivery of offers and ads for products and services based on customer interests.

As always, our goal is to deliver the best experience to our customers.

Through their My T Mobile account, customers can opt out or change their advertising preferences at any time.

For more information about customers’ choices, please visit our Privacy Notice.

Safety through Innovation: T Mobile’s SyncUP KIDS Watch helps parents protect their children by enabling a safe entry into the digital world.

Parents are able to track their kid’s location in real time and get alerts when they enter or exit a virtual boundary.

The watch also allows the child to alert their contacts if they need help or hit a button to call 911 in an emergency.

Our customers depend on us to keep them connected.

With bad actors around the world constantly attacking the security of corporate systems, we continue to accelerate our focus on protecting our customers and enhancing our cybersecurity measures.

Keeping our network and systems secure and earning the trust of our customers is paramount to us.

Transforming Our Cybersecurity Approach In 2021, we established the Cyber Transformation Office led by a Chief Cyber Transformation Officer.

Reporting directly to the CEO, this department is focused on embedding cybersecurity competencies and a security first mindset across our culture.

Our Cybersecurity Trust and Protection organization has also been integrated into this new office to foster greater collaboration across the teams and the business.

These leaders work collaboratively with other senior leaders on the Information Security and Privacy Council, with the mission to define, organize, and continuously communicate the strategic direction of cybersecurity and privacy for the company.

We combine strong oversight and governance controls with technical and physical safeguards, while incorporating core functions from the widely recognized National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework.

Our Chief Cyber Transformation Officer and Chief Security Officer provide reports four times a year to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on T Mobile’s data information and infrastructure security programs.

Countering All Forms of Fraud Fraud continues to be an industry wide problem that we are constantly working to deter.

We offer customers a variety of safeguards against these criminal attacks to help them protect their personal information.

Our award winning support teams work with customers directly to address concerns about potential fraud or to discuss security measures available to them.

We maintain security incident response plans to investigate and remediate incidents involving unauthorized access to personal data, and we are continually maturing our safeguards to respond to new risks.

We recognize we’ll always have work to do in this ever evolving space.

Security First Mindset Our holistic approach involves every employee because we all have a part to play in keeping T Mobile secure.

We train employees throughout the year via i365 and other targeted cybersecurity trainings, which enlist everyone to help identify and remediate potential threats and provide engaging scenario based training covering phishing attacks, good password hygiene, proper handling of customers’ privacy choices, and other topics.

We’re committed to addressing every aspect of data security.

While we have processes to identify and protect our systems, detect and respond to threats, and recover if attacks are successful, security incidents can still occur.

We invest in internal expertise and work with top security experts from around the globe, leveraging their expertise to strengthen our capabilities and further protect T Mobile and our customers.

We have invested in strategic partnerships with Accenture, KPMG, and Mandiant industry leaders in cybersecurity technology and services.

In 2020, T Mobile launched Scam Shield , making the Un carrier the first major wireless provider to help protect every customer against robocallers, scammers, and fraudsters.

Unlike a third party app or other passive monitoring solutions, Scam Shield is built into our network, leveraging the power of T Mobile’s entire network to keep our customers protected.

Using AI, machine learning, and patented technologies, we analyze call behavior to protect customers around the clock, responding to new threats and updating protections every six minutes.

In 2021, we added new features including improved Scam Reporting and eSIM support, as well as new patented network tools to further identify and block likely scam attempts.

The spammers and scammers keep trying, but we’ve got their number: by December 2021, Scam Shield identified or blocked over 21 billion scam calls.

The success of our business depends on the strong relationships we build with our wide and diverse network of global suppliers.

We develop long lasting, trusting, and mutually beneficial relationships with suppliers that share our strong values and operate in a responsible and sustainable way.

T Mobile suppliers are expected to share our commitment to doing things the right way while conducting business either with or on behalf of T Mobile.

Governing Our Supply Chain in the Right Way Our Supplier Code of Conduct governs our supply chain and sets out expectations for supplier conduct in areas ranging from customer care and integrity to reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and water use, responsibly sourcing materials, and protecting human rights.

We expect suppliers to promptly report concerns about violations of the Code to the T Mobile Integrity Line.

We also provide detailed Responsible Sourcing Guidelines which recognize the human rights and environmental risks associated with extracting, transporting, and trading certain natural resources such as conflict minerals and paper fiber.

For more information, see the Natural Resources Management section.

Our Human Rights Statement and Environmental Policy also apply to our suppliers.

While our suppliers have the responsibility to undertake their own work to address human rights and environmental issues, we are committed to supporting their efforts.

Monitoring Risks with Third Party Risk Management Even before suppliers are selected, a centralized Third Party Risk Management (TPRM) process screens for anti corruption, global sanctions and human rights violations, and financial, security, reputational, and environmental risks.

Supplier risk assessments are performed on an ongoing basis depending on the risk profile of the supplier, with the goal of ensuring we are not conducting business with any supplier that could pose a risk to our operations or reputation.

Our TPRM process also continually monitors current suppliers for policy violations and risks through automated, real time workflows that look for any adverse news or changes in supplier risk profiles.

Additionally, Supplier Code of Conduct compliance is affirmed through standard supplier contract terms, TPRM assessment questionnaires, and Procurement’s vendor onboarding forms.

Events or issues detected by TPRM monitoring are escalated to the enterprise Legal, Compliance, and business teams for review and recommended handling.

Science Based Targets for Suppliers Setting science based emissions reduction targets has helped us dramatically reduce our GHG emissions.

That’s why we encourage our suppliers to set their own science based reduction targets by working with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and to bring them in line with the world’s ambition to limit global warming to 1.5 C.

The more companies we can influence toward setting and achieving science based targets, the bigger emissions reductions we can achieve together, and the better off our planet will be.

EcoVadis is a leading provider of business sustainability ratings, helping businesses to better evaluate the environmental, social, and ethical performance of their own operations and those in their supply chain.

In 2020, we began using their supplier assessment to better evaluate our supply chain across four key areas: environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

Each supplier who participates is evaluated with a rigorous evidence based scorecard that identifies strengths and areas of opportunity.

This gives us a chance to better engage with our suppliers on key issues in the four categories and drive improvements that benefit us all.

In 2021, we strengthened our practices around supplier scoring and officially integrated the EcoVadis evaluation into our TPRM process.

Going forward, we are continuing to increase the number of suppliers assessed.

We’re continuing to strengthen the diversity of our suppliers to ensure a more representative, resilient, and economically inclusive supply chain that spurs positive change in industries beyond our own.

To drive diversity in our supply chain, we’re educating employees on how to promote our supplier diversity efforts and are rewarding their progress.

We’re also taking steps to directly invest in initiatives that train underrepresented groups for jobs critical to our supply chain.

Identifying Opportunities for Progress In 2021, we implemented our Supplier Diversity Category Management Strategy for our network technology procurement organization, covering all T Mobile’s spend outside of wireless devices.

This strategy enables category managers to identify the supplier diversity spend more easily in the areas they oversee, which helps them to identify opportunities and develop actionable targets that lead to progress.

We also implemented a reward and recognition program to recognize Procurement Sourcing Managers who actively work with traditionally underrepresented, disadvantaged, and or small business owners and award new contracts to these businesses.

Driving Inclusive and Equitable Programs To invest in a more diverse supply chain, we launched the NextTech Diversity Program to provide career training and job placement for hundreds of candidates from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, helping them take on meaningful employment within the telecommunications industry.

We also co launched Diversity in Clean Energy (DiCE) in 2021, to drive inclusive and equitable practices in sourcing and supplier selection across the clean energy value chain.

In 2021, we spent 3.27 billion with suppliers from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, putting us on track to achieve our goal of joining the Billion Dollar Roundtable for supply chain diversity excellence by 2025.

The Billion Dollar Roundtable was created in 2001 to recognize corporations that annually spend at least 1 billion with minority and women owned suppliers.

Equipping People of Color for Opportunities in 5G Transporting and building 5G infrastructure across all wireless providers will require an estimated 20,000 field technicians and trained tower crew workers .

But people of color comprise a disproportionately small percentage of workers in the field.

T Mobile established the NextTech Diversity Program to change that connecting an industry need for skilled workers with a group that’s underrepresented in this part of the workforce.

As part of our Equity In Action efforts, the program began in January 2021 with seed funding to train and graduate everyone who participates.

The program also guarantees job placements for those who graduate with a technician’s certificate or commercial driving license.

A Successful Year One The program celebrated its first anniversary in February 2022, boasting a 100% graduation and career placement rate for the 70 participants in the inaugural network technician and equipment driver classes.

I am so proud to be managing an exciting T Mobile program aimed at supporting women and men of color within underrepresented communities, says Joyce Christanio, senior program manager of NextTech for T Mobile.

I can personally identify with and whole heartedly embrace this program because, as a youth, I too lived in an underrepresented community.

Being privy to unfortunate situations occurring in inner city communities, such as drug deals, neighbors with addictions, robberies, and losing a brother to senseless gun violence, I understand the importance of lending a hand to others to improve their lifestyles.

While not everyone can’t afford a college education, this program provides individuals a hand to exceed a minimum wage salary, resulting in sustainable careers.

The NextTech Diversity Program started with an initial cohort to train future network technicians through the Learning Alliance Corporation, and added the Equipment Driver Program in the fall of 2021 through the New Reflections Technical Institute.

In 2022, T Mobile doubled the NextTech Diversity’s Technician Program class from 50 students in 2021 to 100 students in 2022 and grew the Equipment Driver Program from 20 students to 50.

A team of inner city youth are climbing a cellular mast for the first time in helmets and safety gear.

Once their training is done, many of them will be up in the sky for real and on a new career track as part of the skilled workforce making the 5G revolution possible.

The training exercise is part of the NextTech Diversity Program, which is designed to connect women and men of color with the skills, training, and opportunities to become network technicians.

Not a lot of people look like me in the industry, says Mike Penn, who graduated from the program to become a certified 5G tower technician.

I love my job and I can definitely see myself doing this for a long time.

Our People Our people are the heart and soul of the Un carrier.

We all win when we each bring our full selves to work each day.

So, we embed DE I in all we do, from hiring and employee development, to our award winning culture and Equity In Action plan to keep breaking down barriers and rewriting the rules.

We are a celebratory, inclusive, magenta loving team of people united in our commitment to change our industry for the better.

Due to the pandemic and political and social unrest, the last two years have been difficult for people and companies everywhere.

T Mobile is no exception as we prioritized the health and safety of our employees while simultaneously integrating two companies into one unified culture.

But if there is one constant that stayed true, it’s that Team Magenta is resilient, strong, proud, and unwavering in our commitment to our customers and to one another.

And that’s why we have been so focused on getting it right.

The Future Is Magenta Our culture is something we never take for granted.

It’s what unifies us in our mission to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world, and what motivates us each and every day to be a part of something bigger.

We work hard to stay connected to Team Magenta and have a variety of tools and forums to do that.

The survey helps us to gauge how employees feel about our company, what they love about their jobs and what they don’t.

It’s a big part of how we continue to evolve and grow.

T Mobile has once again been recognized as a great place to work by leading national workplace awards and surveys.

The following 2021 rankings are based on survey responses from the real experts: our employees.

We attribute our success to our unique culture and values.

They’ve ensured we’ve grown closer through challenging times and success alike and they’ll guide us through an exciting new era of Un carrier, too.

Employee Forums In addition to Our Voice surveys and roundtable discussions with our directors and VP’s, our CEO and leadership team hosts quarterly All Employee Meetings where they share the latest company news, celebrate wins, and discuss challenges ahead.

These always feature an open Q A session, the highest rated portion of the meeting, where everyone has a chance to engage on what’s top of mind.

Past All Employee Meetings have included a discussion of new service offerings, how the company is navigating the pandemic, and how through our values we can have a bigger, better, and more meaningful impact together.

Building and maintaining a culture we can be famous for requires care and commitment.

It’s something we take seriously and is work that’s constantly evolving.

Our diverse workforce reflects the communities we serve and positions us to deliver incredible experiences for our customers.

It’s not enough to say we support DE I we have a responsibility to put our words into action every day.

Following our merger with Sprint, we deepened our commitment by launching our five year Equity In Action (EIA) plan.

This bold plan puts DE I at the center of everything we do for our employees, our customers, and our communities.

Their feedback offered a wealth of insight that helped map out a plan to address where we needed to evolve, shift, and align as an organization.

This led to three focus areas that anchor our EIA plan.

The Three Pillars of Equity In Action We will recruit, retain, and develop the best team in the history of our industry and increase the diversity in our leadership at every level of our company.

Strengthening the pipeline of diverse talent up to the executive level makes us a stronger, smarter, and better company.

We will maintain a company culture of respect and inclusion, where each individual can contribute and innovate to deliver the best customer experience.

We seek to remain steadfast in advocating for all communities by doing our part to eradicate the homework gap for students and helping enable everyone to have access to connectivity.

We also support educational and upskilling opportunities that will help make the 5G era, and the digital economy, more equitable.

Embedding DE I into our culture involves grounding and customizing DE I initiatives into each line of business strategy.

Our Equity In Action pillars of Talent, Culture, and Brand objectives and key results are aligned to business goals, ERG strategy, and throughout our local DE I Chapters.

This allows us to streamline DE I behaviors and practices while addressing the unique business and local needs.

We continue to focus on creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace by investing in efforts that give all our employees the opportunity to become involved from building greater diversity into leadership functions across the company to empowering ERGs to focus on the dimensions of inclusion most relevant to our employees and their communities.

Whether it’s business, people, or customer pain points, the best solutions come from these perspectives.

We are proud of ensuring our employees are heard and act to make sure their needs are met and exceeded.

Our Inclusion Council leaders are advocates for employee pain points and DE I initiatives, elevating employee voices and employee engagement.

The biggest challenge DE I faces is polarized discourse in our society.

We must focus on what unites us rather than what divides us in order to create the culture of respect required to unlock the creativity and innovation born from our differences.

At T Mobile, we have never been afraid to have hard conversations.

Whether it’s Talking with Trailblazers, team discussions, or open forums, we face real issues head on.

We are Team Magenta, One Team passionate about connecting people to their world.

Tell us about a recent achievement in this space that you are most proud of.

I am most proud of the accomplishments through the advocacy of our ERGs.

When our Women and Allies Network pointed out gaps in our benefits for family planning and conception, we addressed those pain points with increased benefits.

When our Veterans and Allies group identified a pain point with military spouses, we fixed it.

When our Pride and Allies group called out a need for enhanced surrogacy benefits, we increased them.

What I am most proud of is that DE I is not a campaign, a slogan, or a window dressing.

DE I is authentic advocacy for equity for our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities.

Delivering on Our DE I Promises As part of our EIA plan, we made 54 DE I Promises that span the investments we make in our employees, the products and services we offer, the suppliers we do business with, and the communities we advocate for.

We’re proud to have achieved 27 Promises so far and are on track with several actions and efforts to deliver on the remaining 27.

Establishing Key Partnerships Our commitment to embed DE I into every aspect of our company is ambitious, and we know that we can’t do it alone, which is why we leverage partners inside and outside of T Mobile to help us achieve our goals.

Our External Diversity Inclusion Council is one of our most important allies and partners in our DE I journey.

Internally, we have an Inclusion Council comprised of leaders from across T Mobile working to drive awareness, spark conversation, host community events, and encourage all employees to be exactly who or what they want to be.

We also have a Leadership Task Force and an Internal Oversight Committee that provide strategic input and connect actions across the company that help drive our EIA plan.

Programs Driving Progress Creating impactful programs for our employees and communities is central to our EIA plan.

Our award winning Talking with Trailblazers speaker series fosters courageous conversations with employees on topics impacting society by elevating the voices of diverse leaders from both inside and outside our company.

In 2021, we hosted 11 conversations that included Black history and Black excellence with artist and activist Common, authenticity in the face of discrimination with former NFL Coach Katie Sowers, taking a stand on racism with actor and producer Daniel Dae Kim, prioritizing mental health with psychiatrist Dr. Jess Clemons, and elevating LGBTQ voices and experiences with Laverne Cox, to name a few.

In total, more than 24,000 employees engaged with our Talking with Trailblazers series throughout the year.

We also launched an enterprise wide training called the One Team, Together Learning Journey which takes employees through an expansive, multi year experience to help them form more inclusive habits in the workplace.

The training was developed with the NeuroLeadership Institute and infuses DE I into how we work at T Mobile.

It’s designed to strengthen the habits and behaviors we need to empower each other, build connections and belonging, and inspire winning, together.

Last but not least, we launched our Magenta Scholars program in 2021 in partnership with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) to provide educational opportunities to students attending historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs).

This collaboration, which started with an investment of 500,000 for 18 scholarships, has grown to 3 million in support from T Mobile, spanning both scholarships and the new National Black Talent Bank program.

TMCF’s Magenta Scholars have an impressive 85% graduation rate more than double the national graduation rate for Black students overall.

Scholarship recipients will also have an opportunity to join the Un carrier’s signature summer internship program and receive mentorship and professional development opportunities.

Commitment to Pay Equity T Mobile is committed to being an equitable and inclusive company in which we provide the best experience and opportunities for all our employees.

Part of this commitment is to ensure that across all our business operations, our employees are paid equitably based on their work, regardless of gender, race ethnicity, or other aspects of an employee’s identity not relevant to their work performance.

Putting people first and treating them right is core to our values and how we operate.

T Mobile evaluates and benchmarks our compensation program on an annual basis specific to regions in which we do business.

Knowledge and best practices gained from these inputs are used to ensure that as we continue to evolve, all practices related to compensation will be in alignment with our broader commitments around putting diversity, equity, and inclusion at the center of everything we do for our employees, our customers, and our communities.

Employee Led Diversity T Mobile’s ERGs started as a grassroots movement.

Now, they’re an important element of our culture with nearly 40% of employees participating in one or more ERG.

Our six ERGs and four sub affinity groups drive actions to solve business and employee pain points, amplify and celebrate the rich diversity of our employees’ culture, heritage, and experience.

They help foster a sense of belonging by sparking conversations, provide formal and informal opportunities to practice and develop leadership skills, and play a consultant role to the business.

The members of our ERGs are dedicated to using their knowledge, experience, passion, and compassion to make a difference in themselves, the community, and our company.

Celebrating Our Freedoms Starting in 2021, T Mobile recognized Juneteenth as an annual company holiday.

We are proud to officially recognize this truly momentous American milestone, and feedback from our Black Empowerment Network ERG helped to bring about this change.

This is where DE I comes to life: where local advocates address business and people pain points, driving initiatives that are personal and applicable to their local teams and communities.

Joining Forces on a Military Hiring Mission We’re inspired every month of the year by the dedication and sacrifice of those in uniform.

And we honor the families who support them, relocate with them, and serve alongside them.

With their unique perspectives and powerful skill sets, our military team members are high performers and strong leaders.

They understand the values that make us unstoppable together.

It’s why we made a promise to hire 10,000 veterans and military spouses by 2023.

At the end of 2021, we reached 69% of our goal and were once again designated by Military Friendly as a top Military Friendly Employer and Military Spouse Friendly employer.

To continue advancing toward this goal, we’re reaching out at hundreds of job fairs and Veterans Affairs offices across the country.

We’re also partnering with not for profit organizations such as Hiring our Heroes, FourBlock, and Warriors4Wireless to help fund career readiness programs and community support initiatives.

T Mobile also expanded our successful TechX Returnship Program to include veterans.

TechX Returnship is a partnership with reacHIRE and helps facilitate paths to leadership roles for women and now veterans returning to the workforce in technology roles.

The program provides opportunities to those with tech centric resumes who’ve taken a long professional career break to care for family members, raise children, or to serve in the military.

Transparency drives accountability and we are committed to being transparent with our employee diversity metrics and holding ourselves accountable for improving as we progress on our DE I journey.

Additionally, for the first time, we published our Federal EEO 1 Report.

We’re proud of the progress we’ve made so far, while acknowledging that we still have room to improve as we press forward to create a more diversified and inclusive workforce that supports equal opportunities regardless of age, race, gender, ethnicity, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, veteran or disability status.

All data is as of December 31, 2021 percentages by category may not add up to 100% due to rounding.

Ensuring everyone enjoys equal access to our products, services, and mobile experiences is paramount to our DE I commitments.

And that’s as true for our employees as it is for our customers.

Our dedicated Accessibility Resource Center (ARC) focuses on removing barriers in the digital space.

In partnership with our DE I team, they have continued to address enterprise wide digital systems and tools to help improve the online experience for our customers and employees with disabilities.

It’s our priority to ensure that nothing is second best when it comes to ensuring that our digital experience meets the needs of all our employees and customers.

In tandem with this work, nearly 30,000 Customer Care employees have undergone Accessibility Cultural Awareness training to help them better assist our customers with disabilities.

Additionally, T Mobile offers accessibility options for customers such as alternate billing for individuals with visual impairments, free credits toward 411 directory services, RTT (real time text), and easy to use handsets.

T Mobile is also the nation’s largest provider of Telecommunications Relay Services, enabling those with speech disabilities and hearing loss to communicate over the phone by using a specialized text telephone and operator service to convert voice communication into text.

From store designs to office layouts and user experience (UX) design, our teams aim to create environments, products, and services that empower and engage employees and customers, creating the opportunity to thrive regardless of their needs or abilities.

All Access for All Employees As an inclusive employer, we want every employee to have an equally rich experience at T Mobile and be able to fully participate in our suite of programs, resources, and events.

From staff meetings and all employee events, to participating in our first ever Accessibility Summit, optional wellness webinars, and ERGs, we believe everyone should be equally able to follow proceedings and contribute.

We provide reasonable accommodations such as American Sign Language interpreters, captioning, and audio descriptions for every employee or candidate who indicates they need them.

Listening Helps Us Learn In 2021 we started hosting listening sessions in collaboration with our ERGs, inviting employees with disabilities to have an open discussion about current initiatives.

These sessions provide an important space for productive dialogue and feedback and allow us to unlock wisdom and ideas from across our employee base.

Our external partnerships help us keep up with evolving accessibility trends and resources.

Along with industry peers, we participate in working groups run by Disability:IN, a non profit resource for business disability inclusion worldwide.

This gives us the opportunity to work directly with subject matter experts and further enhance our own skills and programs.

We also partner with the American Association for People with Disabilities (AAPD), a U.S. based non profit that advocates for Americans with disabilities.

In 2021, we served for the first time as host company for one of their interns.

And, we were recognized as a Leading Disability Employer by the National Organization on Disability.

T Mobile is known as a great place to advance and grow your career.

That’s thanks in part to the robust training and career exploration opportunities we offer to all levels and functions throughout the company.

Our lineup of development programs and resources was created to build a diverse group of leaders and empower our people to succeed through every step of their career.

And it’s all easily accessible on our Magenta University site, which is our one stop shop for all things career development and learning.

The online learning portal is designed to put employees in the driver’s seat and give them access to mentoring, training, videos, books, job search and interview tips, and much more.

Only includes trackable training hours completed in our formal Learning Management System by full time and part time employees.

By strategically investing in four key areas of career development and learning, we’re building a diverse group of strong leaders now and for the future.

We’re champions of constant, lifelong improvement regardless of career stage.

For instance, our new Apprenticeship Program creates pathways for those without advanced degrees or experience.

In 2021, the first cohort of apprentices began a 12 month journey to build their skills through classroom instruction, hands on experience, and mentorship.

The program offered apprenticeships in four roles Associate Trainer, Analyst Business Support, Associate Expert, and Associate Systems Administrator.

All the apprentices who completed the program went on to take jobs with us.

I wouldn’t have qualified for a Sr. Business Analyst role if it wasn’t for the apprenticeship program.

This program provided me the opportunity to learn new skills like Excel, SQL, and project management.

The apprenticeship program equipped me with the knowledge I needed to be successful in my role and the ability to better support the frontline teams.

For T Mobile employees, we have an enterprise rotational program called CareerTrax to provide opportunities to gain experience in different parts of the business.

DE I is central to the design of our career development and learning opportunities.

Programs like our One Team, Together Learning Journey promote inclusive habits and behaviors at every level of the organization, while targeted programs like Lead Magenta Next help develop underrepresented talent and strengthen diversity at the leadership level.

In 2021 we partnered with McKinsey to deliver two programs that enhance the capabilities of underrepresented leaders.

The McKinsey Manager Accelerator focuses on enhancing leadership mindsets and behaviors and deepens participant understanding of nine business topics.

The transition into the executive space specifically as a person of color wasn’t something that was taught to me in law school or during my corporate experience.

This program lifted the veil on additional skills that I needed to navigate my career trajectory and provided me a network of leaders who looked like me and had overcome similar obstacles in organizational management and their pursuit of leadership opportunities.

Feedback is foundational to performance improvement and career development.

However, it’s most effective when conversations happen all year long.

Programs like Accelerate My Performance (AMP) equip employees and managers with resources to have productive, ongoing development conversations.

Employees also create Individual Development Plans (IDP) to help them assess and develop identified Values in Action and other behaviors with their manager’s support.

Making connections that count can also help employees develop their skills so we added Mentor Match and Executive Sponsorship to our development programs in 2021.

Mentor Match connects employees to a mentor for career guidance, to diversify their network, and gain new knowledge and skills.

The Executive Sponsorship program helps select Directors and Sr. Directors establish a formal sponsorship relationship with a VP or SVP in another line of business with the goal of accelerating their careers, expanding their network, and giving executives broader visibility of our diverse talent across T Mobile.

We want to develop and inspire great leaders across the company by helping employees unlock their potential and build critical skills to thrive as their responsibilities grow.

We also launched Magenta Manager, which provides people managers with learning experience options to enhance their effectiveness and skills and foster a community and culture of leadership.

In 2021, we enhanced our leadership development programs to further empower existing and future leaders to grow in their careers through confidence.

We added LeaderShift, a leadership development program for employees who want to SHIFT to the next level.

This program was designed to grow the employee’s confidence and foster career growth through supported, personalized leadership development that helps them make an impact on their teams and the business.

Magenta Next and present our concept to leaders Not only did they understand the vision, but they incorporated it into their already amazing roadmap and expanded our concept even further.

In this new era of Un carrier, we’re doubling down on our commitment to cultivate a culture of belonging.

We do this by listening to our employees, creating career development programs centered on DE I, and by addressing barriers underrepresented talent face at critical points in their careers.

At T Mobile, it’s important we open new pathways for development and increase leadership diversity across the company.

More Than Mentorship Our Lead Magenta Next (LMN) leadership development program is aimed at putting underrepresented talent at the intersection of sponsorship, readiness, and opportunity.

Sponsored by T Mobile’s ERGs and designed with their guidance, LMN participants can be nominated by anyone in the company, including themselves, a feature that helps mitigate potential bias.

The program also prioritizes sponsorship to help women and people of color build a network of advocates.

By nurturing these relationships, LMN opens avenues for new partnerships across the enterprise, connects program participants to new opportunities, and brings together diverse groups of employees for innovative, authentic growth.

A Support Team Around Each Participant The level of support provided to the 25 person cohorts is one reason the program has been so successful.

A Personal Advisory Board is built around each participant and includes an internal mentor to guide them through the stretch assignment, an external mentor to assist with individual development planning, an executive sponsor to open networks and advocate, an internal executive recruiter to provide insight into hiring, and the participant’s manager to support engagement in the program.

You get an external executive coach, and to me that was unique, said Monic Payne, who participated in the program and is now a Director Product, Portfolio Sourcing at T Mobile.

Having this outside perspective really helped me to grow and look at things from a different view.

Through this journey with Lead Magenta Next, I had the opportunity to apply for a director position.

I called my internal executive sponsor and received guidance from my external executive coach during the process.

Launched in 2020, this program is already seeing results with 28% of the participants being promoted within two months of completing the program.

Sponsorship was reported as a key factor in gaining their promotions.

LMN was recognized by the Institute for Corporate Productivity (i4cp), a leading global human capital research firm, and named the i4cp Next Practice winner in 2021. i4cp Next Practice Awards recognize companies that are leading the way in HR, talent, and workforce innovation.

This recognition is a testament to the impact the program is already having on driving development opportunities and diversity in our leadership.

In 2021, we enhanced a range of benefits across the company to meet the diverse needs of our employees from mental health benefits to higher hourly wages and family planning and reproductive health services.

A Focus on Our Frontline It takes mastery and commitment to be part of the best customer care and retail team in the history of wireless.

Today, T Mobile frontline staff support not only our wireless, wireline, and accessibility businesses, but also emerging products and services divisions.

To reflect the growing expectations and experience required of our frontline teams, we implemented a nationwide minimum pay of at least 20 per hour.

This applies to every single employee regardless of role, or full time or part time status.

And with total compensation such as 401K matching and generous stock options factored in, our starting hourly rate for all employees effectively rose to over 22 per hour.

Specific to our care team, this represents an increase in total compensation up to 19% for over 12,000 members.

Helping resolve customer pain points is hard work So we added 15 minute paid wellness breaks to the daily schedule of all customer experience center staff in 2021.

Coupled with programs like our Parent Forums and financial literacy courses, our wellness initiatives help ensure our employees feel supported and equipped to tackle challenges inside and outside of the workplace.

Helping People Stay Safe Through the Pandemic We continue to navigate the pandemic together as One Team and have implemented various measures to keep our T Mobile community our employees, our families, and our customers safe.

It’s been a journey, to say the least, and we’ve been inspired by our employees’ resilience, commitment, and passion in these truly unprecedented times.

Information about health and safety resources and policy changes is communicated to all employees regularly through multiple channels, including our Stay Healthy Together internal website.

This centralized hub provides the latest updates related to COVID 19, resources to support employees, and guidance to help us all work toward a new, better normal.

We also continued our educational series, COVID Connect, with Dr. Vin Gupta, a Critical Care Pulmonologist and Assistant Professor of Health Metrics Sciences at the University of Washington.

The series fosters ongoing conversations with a credentialed health expert and our employees on key COVID related topics.

T Mobile also works closely with Dr. Gupta on options and critical decisions for our business to keep our employees, customers, and communities safe.

Removing Barriers T Mobile is committed to removing barriers for employees to access our benefits whenever possible.

For example, we pay tuition expenses up front for employees wishing to further their education, making it easier to attend school on a part time basis by not having to worry about fronting out of pocket costs.

It’s also why we’re constantly evolving current benefits to better meet the needs of our employee base.

In January 2022, we enhanced our employee assistance program even further to ensure the clinicians taking calls better represent the demographics of ALL of our employees.

Every member of our team is given the opportunity to be an owner of the company.

Since 2014, we have awarded annual restricted stock unit grants to eligible employees at every level of the company so that everyone can truly share in T Mobile’s performance.

We also offer an employee stock purchase program, where employees can purchase TMUS stock at a 15% discount through payroll deduction.

When COVID 19 began sweeping the world, T Mobile had to pivot its ambitious renovation plans for our headquarters in Bellevue, WA and Overland Park, KS to incorporate the enhanced safety measures we knew would become commonplace in a post pandemic world.

Darcey Estes, Vice President, Corporate Real Estate, and her team got to work searching for ways to mesh her goal of creating inspiring spaces with a heightened emphasis on creating the safest environments possible during a pandemic.

Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems were upgraded to maximize filtration in all buildings and MERV 13 filters were installed in all buildings (where mechanically feasible).

Incredible new co working spaces, high tech conference rooms, creative social spaces, and top of the line amenities were enhanced to integrate COVID 19 health and safety features like social distancing signage, capacity limits, sanitation stations, and contactless building features.

Not only did Estes’ team pivot mid stride to rethink headquarter office renovations, they also worked to get all regional corporate office locations and 24 customer experience centers, in addition to the Bellevue and Overland Park headquarters, certified through the WELL Health Safety rating, a first for our industry.

The rating was created by the International WELL Building Institute, the global authority on healthy buildings, and incorporates guidance from more than 600 public health experts from around the world.

Estes says, Since the very early days of the pandemic, T Mobile has been focused on doing everything we can to ensure our customers and employees feel healthy and supported when they step into any of our spaces, and this WELL Health Safety rating reflects our immense dedication to those efforts.

Thanks to this work, T Mobile spaces are both inspiring and safe, reflecting our commitment to employee and customer health and safety.

It’s just one more reason why T Mobile is a great place to work.

Our Communities Connectivity is essential in our daily lives.

The global pandemic over the past two years has been a powerful reminder of the increasingly critical role connectivity plays in our daily lives from accessing education, healthcare, jobs, and social services, to staying in contact with loved ones and the world around us.

T Mobile is passionate about enabling everyone to have access to the connectivity, technology, and skills needed to thrive in a digital world.

From supporting community partners to investing in education initiatives and providing disaster relief, our focus is on empowering people with the tools they need to make their essential connections.

Connectivity has become a baseline requirement for accessing the opportunities, resources, and information needed to thrive in our hyper connected world.

And nowhere is this more true than in education the great social leveler where students without reliable connectivity are at a clear disadvantage.

That’s why, in 2020, T Mobile launched Project 10Million, our 10.7 billion commitment to end the digital divide in education.

Project 10Million provides free internet service and free mobile hotspots to under connected households with school aged children, aiming to reach up to 10 million eligible households over five years.

Individual families with qualifying students can sign up directly online.

We also reach students by partnering with schools.

The program also offers school districts free and highly subsidized data plans that they can provide to their students for free, as well as access to affordable laptops and tablets.

Through our education initiatives, we’ve connected 3.2 million students through the end of 2021 and we’re not stopping there.

For example, in March 2020, just 12% of the 35,000 students in Oakland Unified School District (OUSD) in Oakland, CA, had adequate connectivity at home.

And while an emergency donation enabled many of them to have tablets and laptops, they couldn’t do much without connectivity.

Through Project 10Million, T Mobile quickly provided hotspot connectivity to the district’s students and within a few months, 98% of the school district’s students were connected.

In Chicago, T Mobile partnered with city officials to identify and connect more than 26,000 student households in underserved communities to help get these kids the right tools to compete academically.

And in Miami Dade, FL we continue to partner with educators to understand critical needs and where Project 10Million can have the greatest impact.

As part of these efforts, we distributed 5,000 hotspots in one day and are working to connect almost 35,000 students.

Leveraging this education expertise to work hand in hand with school district leadership teams has allowed us to expand the conversation beyond access and into the core of impactful student learning outcomes as a result of student internet access.

These vital industry relationships support greater device adoption, scalable connectivity solutions, and more sustainable implementation of student connectivity programs.

Collaborating and partnering with educators both outside and within T Mobile has been an impactful feature of the program.

Our in house staff of education administrators have experience in navigating both the education system and the classroom.

While we’ve made huge strides toward bridging the digital divide and advocating for universal connectivity, there’s still more to do to ensure all students have the opportunity and technology to thrive.

As we look ahead, we’re working to leverage partnerships with school districts, non profits, and local officials across the country to expand Project 10Million’s reach.

The T Mobile Project 10Million has had a major impact on the students in our district.

Brocton Central School is a small rural district with some areas where high speed internet is not possible through the typical means via cable, fiber, or DSL, due to geographic location.

The district has been struggling to find funds to supply our students with internet in our community for remote instruction and access to online resources.

With Project 10Million we have been able to connect those students and families with hotspots which have been critical for learning during the pandemic.

Even as we have transitioned back to in person learning, an internet connection is a necessity for today’s classrooms to prepare students for higher learning and their future workplaces.

For many of our students and their families, internet access is not only about access to educational resources, but a lifeline to online telehealth services, job exploration resources, or safety net programs.

When we decided to accelerate and expand our efforts to provide our students and their families with reliable internet connectivity at home, T Mobile and Project 10Million were the obvious choice for us to partner with.

What we needed was a partner who not only understood our needs, but who would align their goals with ours and be mutually invested in our mission.

We know our work isn’t done yet, but T Mobile and Project 10Million are committed to continue working with us until access to reliable internet is a reality for all students of Miami Dade County Public Schools.

Education is essential, it ensures the future of our communities and our country.

However, it only works when all students have the same access to instruction regardless of their demographic circumstances.

T Mobile safeguarded our ability to provide equity and inclusion to all of our families through Project 10Million.

My team and the entire Borough of Middlesex are infinitely thankful for this.

Helping people in their time of need is a rare quality in internet service providers.

Ensuring that everyone thrives in a digital world means starting with access to affordable, available, and reliable connectivity.

Beyond investing in programs like Project 10Million, T Mobile has been rapidly building out our network to deliver the broadest and deepest 5G experience across the country including rural areas while providing more affordable options to families with limited incomes to support a more connected, digitally equitable future.

Because no one should be left behind when it comes to connectivity regardless of their economic circumstance or their ZIP code.

America’s vastness is a beautiful thing unless you are installing broadband.

Running a fiber connection to every home in the country is economically unfeasible, which leaves nearly 15% of households with only one choice for home broadband in rural areas that jumps to nearly 35%vi.

When launched in April 2021, more than 30 million households were eligible for our service, including 10 million in rural America, turning T Mobile into one of the largest broadband providers in the U.S. by service area.

Access quickly expanded to more homes across the Southeast, Texas, Indiana, Kentucky, and Ohio, and continues to grow rapidly as our 5G coverage grows.

Delivering on our promise to make connectivity more accessible, Connect by T Mobile helps close the digital divide by putting connectivity within easy reach of more people.

The plan provides a low cost option to help connect millions of low income families and individuals because no one should have to choose between staying connected and paying for other basic necessities.

T Mobile is going ALL IN to be the leader in America’s underserved smaller markets and rural areas.

At the end of 2021, our 5G network spanned 1.8 million square miles, with 1.45 million of that covering small town America.

As our network expansion continues, we plan to reach 99% of Americans with 5G by the end of 2023.

This is where our network leadership stands out, as we’re the only 5G game in town for many of these communities.

For more details on how we help smaller towns across America thrive, see the story on Hometown Grants.

We count on first responders, and they can count on us.

We’re proud to offer our groundbreaking Connecting Heroes program, a 10 year commitment to provide free service and 5G access to first responder agencies all public and non profit state and local fire, 911, police and EMS departments saving them up to 7 billionvii.

In 2021, T Mobile made enhancements to the program, including priority access AND preemption for both voice calls and data for first responders enrolled in the Wireless Priority Service (WPS) program.

So not only do first responders get to the front of the line at T Mobile, but if the network ever becomes crowded in an emergency, non emergency traffic drops to make way for first responders’ critical communications.

Access to connectivity is no longer enough in our digital world.

Most aspects of daily life require the ability to navigate the internet proficiently and safely, from banking to civic engagement and finding employment.

Furthermore, as digitization expands across all facets of the economy, those who lack the skills to compete are increasingly left behind.

That’s why T Mobile has begun to expand our focus on digital equity to include digital literacy and critical job skills needed to compete and thrive in the digital economy.

Digital literacy is just as important as connectivity.

Every day, as well as widening access to our network, T Mobile supports digital literacy programs for people who face the highest barriers, including seniors, people of color, and people in rural areas.

Parts of the plan have been incorporated into the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, with 2.75 billion allocated for the Digital Equity Act to help improve states’ and local governments’ digital inclusion efforts.

The Act also introduced the federal government’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP), which subsidizes connectivity for eligible citizens.

We are doing our part to keep more income insecure households connected and broaden access to 5G for All.

Metro by T Mobile and Assurance Wireless are participating in the ACP where eligible households receive a 30 monthly discount (up to 75 on qualifying tribal lands, as determined by the FCC) toward internet service on certain plans.

We’re proud to be a leading wireless provider chosen by consumers participating in the ACP.

Supporting Digital Literacy for Hispanic Latino Communities As part of our Equity In Action plan, we have furthered our long standing support of the country’s largest and most influential Hispanic Latino advocacy organizations the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) and UnidosUS (formerly National Council of La Raza).

According to McKinsey, Hispanic Latino business owners and workers are more likely than other demographics to encounter barriers to digital reskilling and consequentially leaving them behind in digital opportunities.

T Mobile’s support of digital literacy aims to address inequities experienced by Hispanic Latino students and business owners and bring digital literacy programs directly to growing Hispanic Latino communities across the U.S.

T Mobile began supporting LULAC’s Conexiones program in 2021.

Key pillars of the program include an introduction to digital privacy and security, using the internet to conduct research and to identify misinformation, combating cyberbullying, building a healthy self image and digital reputation, and cultivating positive relationships online.

In 2021, we also supported the Unidos Latinx in Business program, which aims to help Hispanic Latino business owners thrive in a digital world.

Program participants learned how to use affordable technological solutions including 5G connectivity, digital payments, and budgeting apps to streamline their business operations.

The Latinx in Business program also offers overviews on how to use email, social media, and texting to provide customer service, as well as timely information on COVID 19 specific federal aid programs for small businesses, and COVID 19 safety protocols.

Closing the Digital Divide in California In 2021, T Mobile continued to honor our commitment to the California Emerging Technology Fund (CETF) for contributions earmarked for digital literacy training and other digital inclusion programs for low income and unconnected Californians.

Breaking Down Barriers and Creating Opportunities for LGBTQ Youth As a longstanding partner of the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), we made a five year commitment to support the HRC Foundation as it launches a new initiative to provide digital literacy and financial empowerment training and resources for disadvantaged LGBTQ youth, helping this vulnerable population lead safer, healthier lives.

The training includes education about cyberbullying and internet safety, as well as the basics of budgeting and financial management.

HRC’s new programming will provide critical understanding and new skills that can help disadvantaged LGBTQ youth lead healthy, productive lives.

Helping Entrepreneurs Build their Skills with Magenta Edge With Magenta Edge, the mission is simple: to help small business owners get ahead.

Founded in early 2021 with a focus on Black owned small businesses that have been disproportionately impacted by COVID 19, Magenta Edge serves as a hub of original content to help small business owners learn and execute as they navigate the ups and downs of entrepreneurship.

Magenta Edge provides educational programming, real stories, and insight for all entrepreneurs, and covers a range of business topics, from marketing and communications to business finances and digital taxes.

BOOMBOX Gym, REC Philly, ZEN Succulent and Big Mama’s Kitchen (pictured below clockwise from top left).

To see videos featuring these small businesses, visit the Magenta Edge website.

Going forward, the program’s content will continue to evolve and expand with a focus on ALL minority owned small businesses.

Global unrest and conflict have created a massive refugee crisis.

In countries like Afghanistan and Ukraine, families have been forced to leave their homes and begin the difficult process of rebuilding their lives in a new environment.

For those who have left everything behind, connectivity is an essential lifeline to help them establish their new lives here in the U.S.

That’s why, in early 2022, T Mobile’s Mike Sievert joined 35 other CEOs from leading companies across business sectors to form the Welcome.US CEO Council.

Through a unique public private partnership model, newcomers to the U.S. are provided with urgently needed products, services, job training, and employment opportunities to help them begin their new lives.

T Mobile is contributing up to 200,000 lines of free, unlimited talk, text, and data for one year to help support incoming Afghan and Ukrainian refugees being resettled in the U.S. We are proud of this partnership and our contribution as it highlights the critical importance of our mission to be the best in the world at connecting customers to their world.

Digital Workshops A workshop series where small businesses receive advice and best practices on a variety of topics in sessions led by industry experts.

Original Stories A documentary style mini series exposing and highlighting the unique challenges Black owned businesses face, exacerbated by COVID, and how they achieved success.

Resource Center A small business content hub featuring original articles and learning materials powered by the Magenta Edge curriculum.

Empowering Employees to Give Back Nowhere is our magenta heart more visible than in the communities our employees call home.

Through the T Mobile Foundation, we empower our employees to volunteer and donate to the causes they care most about, matching up to 2,000 in donations or volunteer hours per calendar year.

Because not everyone is able to volunteer or donate to the causes they hold dear, we seed employees’ giving accounts with funds that enables them to give back, on us, at select times throughout the year.

Additionally, all new employees that join T Mobile automatically receive giving funds as part of their welcome.

In 2021, our employees showed up as an unstoppable force for good, personally donating nearly 3.7 million to local communities and volunteering over 52,000 hours of their time despite continued constraints posed by COVID 19 restrictions.

Our approach to philanthropy brings together our most valuable assets our technology, scale, and employees with the aspiration of creating a connected world where everyone can thrive.

We focus our philanthropic investments in areas that advance digital empowerment and support employee driven community engagement.

This approach positions us to drive meaningful impact on societal issues that we can credibly and authentically influence while empowering our employees to give back to the causes most important to their hearts and their communities.

Our work supporting our communities was recognized on PEOPLE’s 2021 100 Companies That Care list.

In 2021, we donated more than 1.89 billion as a company and through the T Mobile Foundation to communities across the U.S. and Puerto Rico.

This represents 32.8 million in charitable donations from the T Mobile Foundation and the business, and 1.86 billion through in kind product and service donations including Project 10Million educational initiatives and disaster relief efforts.

Our senior leaders were so impressed they couldn’t choose just one winner.

Technology Operation Serenity (Rochester, MN): An app that gives pediatric patients preparing for surgery peace of mind through kid friendly simulations.

Environment Aqua Pods (San Jose, CA): A 100% plant based, biodegradable sponge that combats water waste and leads to more fertile soil.

Education Medicine Encompassed (North Brunswick, NJ): A student run non profit organization working to solve the problem of underrepresentation in medicine.

Family Challenge Terracan (Bellevue, WA): A smart trash can and app that calculates your waste footprint to help reduce garbage.

We can’t wait to see what new trails these young innovators will blaze in years to come.

T Mobile searches for the changemakers of the future and helps them move forward with their world changing ideas.

The Changemaker Challenge is an annual nationwide contest that mobilizes the next generation to imagine and plan how to create positive change in their communities.

In 2021, we brought in 15 teams of visionary teens to our headquarters in Bellevue, WA, for the three day Changemaker Challenge Lab.

The top teams in each category (Environment, Education, Technology, and Family Challenge) pitched their ideas to change the world to T Mobile executives for the chance to win a 15,000 seed funding grand prize.

Throughout the year, T Mobile rallies employees across the company to give back, together.

And, for an extra dose of goodness, we often invite our customers to join us.

We were proud to help support teachers across the nation through DonorsChoose, a national non profit that enables individuals to donate directly to public school classroom projects.

Together with our customers, we raised nearly 2 million to provide classrooms across the country with critically needed school supplies.

For the second year in a row, we partnered with Pay Away the Layaway, an extraordinary non profit organization that pays off layaway balances for people facing economic insecurity.

Through the generosity of our employees and customers, we raised over 1 million in 2021 to pay layaway balances for military families and people in rural communities.

We held our first ever focused DE I giving month where the T Mobile Foundation distributed a 20,000 grant each to six charities hand selected by our ERGs and hosted a 2:1 matching opportunity for all employees that donated to these six charities.

Our employees engaged in record numbers, raising nearly 250,000, including a match from the T Mobile Foundation.

As a new teacher in a low income area I could never have done this without your help.

Our village parks and recreation board has worked hard with very modest funding to provide continued improvements which in turn support our growing economy.

Today, T Mobile is helping us to launch a new adventure with new breath and freedom to build on new ideas.

We look forward to the many great benefits that our community will have as a result of T Mobile’s generosity.

Ken Van Portfliet Village Council President of Lake Orion abused women and their children, the Hometown Grant winners create amazing projects that bring long lasting benefits to their communities.

At the end of 2021, the Un carrier had given more than 3.3 million to support projects that are bringing economic opportunity and other benefits to 75 small towns in 35 states.

To make sure we direct funds in a way that transforms communities, we’ve partnered with Smart Growth America and Main Street America, two organizations with a combined 60 years’ experience building resilient and prosperous small towns and rural communities.

By collaborating with our partners and community stakeholders on the ground, we are building lasting relationships centered on trust and shared goals.

Community Helping Community Take the town of Lake Orion, MI, from the first round of grant recipients announced in fall 2021.

The community wanted to enhance one of its lakeside parks with a pavilion and playground equipment and we wanted to help.

In addition to our financial support, team members from our nearby retail store and local marketing teams rolled up their sleeves and assisted with construction during the one day community build.

It’s the kind of commitment that wins word of mouth recognition and earns long term customer loyalty.

As part of our larger commitment to rural America and our aim to achieve 5G for All, we are committed to helping smaller towns across America thrive.

In 2021, T Mobile launched an innovative program focused on investing money and volunteer energy into the community projects that residents of small towns really care about.

Hometown Grants is our five year, 25 million commitment that awards up to 50,000 each to 25 different small towns every quarter through 2026.

A wildfire is slightly different than a hurricane, which is different than civil unrest, which is completely different than COVID or an earthquake or volcanic eruption.

Disasters wreak havoc when they strike, making connectivity paramount to first responders, local authorities, and impacted communities.

We prepare year round for disaster scenarios to be ready at a moment’s notice with critical network support and connectivity supplies.

Thanks to our distributed model of warehouses around the country, we can quickly deploy supplies and our emergency management fleet, including satellite enabled vehicles, mobile command centers, Cells on Wheels (COWs) and Cells on Light Trucks (COLTs), to impacted areas.

Vehicles can be almost anywhere in the U.S. within 12 hours to set up charging stations and provide other much needed personal cellular supplies.

In 2021, we utilized this model to respond to everything from flooding in Tennessee and tornadoes in Georgia and Kentucky, to Hurricane Ida in Louisiana, and a search and rescue in Washington.

To enhance safety protocols for our employees, we established a virtual command center in 2021 in partnership with Everbridge.

This allows us to quickly identify employees and buildings in areas impacted by disasters and connect with them quickly through a mass identification tool.

In addition to these initiatives, we are improving our network resiliency by implementing a multi year network hardening plan, making sure our network is ready for all types of emergencies and natural disasters.

We’re investing in constant testing and improvements to our network’s backup and response systems including thousands of generators, advanced relief and recovery tools, and coordination and mobilization plans for supporting customers and their communities in critical times.

Our Network Operations Centers (NOCs) run 24 7 during natural disasters, allowing our experienced technicians and engineers to monitor our network traffic demands and weather impacts in real time.

Forecasting with StormGeo Accurately tracking a storm’s path and severity is critical for our Emergency Management Team to be ready to respond and assist with recovery efforts and restore connectivity to our customers.

Inside one of our Mobile Command Centers assets that could be impacted by wind, flood, or wildfire.

This gives us crucial time to prepare for situations like power outages and roll in alternative sources of electricity.

Hurricane Ida was one of the strongest and costliest hurricanes to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Katrina.

A few days later, the remnants of the hurricane caused severe flooding in the Northeast U.S. as well.

Federal emergencies were declared in Louisiana, Mississippi, New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.

Thanks to early warning systems and our partnership with StormGeo, we were prepared and had closed over 150 stores in affected areas before Ida made landfall.

Seeing Our Employees through Tough Times For countless people, including T Mobile employees, Ida threw life into turmoil.

Our first move, as with any emergency, was to account for our people through Everbridge.

Once everyone was deemed safe, we quickly got to work identifying on the ground needs.

T Mobile offers an Individual Emergency Assistance program for our employees that provides financial help to see people through tough times.

Following Ida, 77 individual emergency relief funds were approved, dispensing 115,000 in financial assistance to help impacted employees cover costs ranging from home damage to basic needs such as food, clothes, and shelter.

Helping Residents in Trouble Residents gathered in recreation centers, schools, and churches.

Our community support team, including volunteers, was there to help them, giving out over 5,000 pre activated phones, chargers, and cables so they could keep connected, call for further assistance, and communicate with loved ones.

A total of 1.3 million in supplies was handed out in 28 locations throughout Lafayette, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and surrounding parishes.

And when the Mayor of New Orleans contacted us about helping the community get relief from the heat, we helped support four cooling centers at her request.

Team Magenta went above and beyond the call of duty to do what we could to help people in the aftermath of one of the state’s worst disasters.

The Environment Ensuring connectivity for more than 100 million people requires a substantial investment in infrastructure, real estate, and our supply chain all of which can have an impact on the environment.

That’s why T Mobile is taking ambitious steps to operate more sustainably to create a more sustainable future for everyone.

We’re proud to be making real, measurable progress, including being the first in the U.S. wireless industry to be powered with 100% renewable electricity.

We also achieved our science based targets (SBTs) four years ahead of schedule, and we’re working to reduce waste and responsibly manage the lifecycle of our products.

By mobilizing our resources, people, and partnerships, we can be an unstoppable force for good for the planet.

In early 2018, we set our sights on an ambitious renewable energy goal to reduce our carbon footprint.

We went ALL IN by joining RE100, a global corporate renewable energy initiative, and setting out to source ALL of our electricity from renewable energy by 2021.

We pushed ourselves to be just as intentional about setting ambitious carbon reduction targets.

That meant setting targets backed by science and approved by the leading, global body in this space, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

In 2019, we became the first U.S. wireless provider to have two science based targets vetted and approved by the SBTi and aligned to the 1.5 C ambition.

The first addressed our operational footprint and aimed to reduce our combined absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 95% by 2025ix.

We’re proud to have achieved our science based targets four years ahead of schedule AND met our goal to source 100% of our purchased electricity from clean, renewable energy.

Reduce combined absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 95% by 2025 from a 2016 baseline.

Reduce scope 3 GHG emissions by 15% per customer by 2025 from a 2016 baseline.

By the end of 2021, we sourced 100% of our electricity from renewable energyx.

By the end of 2021, combined absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions decreased by 97.1% since 2016.

By the end of 2021, scope 3 GHG emissions intensity decreased by 16.3% per customer since 2016.

The Carbon Journey Ahead These achievements demonstrate our commitment and drive to lead our industry by example.

The science is clear: only through relentless pursuit of progress can we put the planet on the right path to prevent the most catastrophic impacts of climate change.

As a bigger and better company with even bigger and bolder aspirations, we have the size, scale, and reach to make courageous changes and inspire collective climate action.

The journey is full of opportunities for us to be a catalyst for change and to drive sustainability across our transformational 5G wireless network, our buildings and retail stores, and across our entire value chain in ways that have a positive impact on our customers, employees, and the planet.

When it comes to playing our part in securing a thriving, sustainable world, T Mobile is ALL IN.

Thankfully, we all have an opportunity to make meaningful changes to the ways we live, work, and connect to better contribute to a more sustainable future.

It will take collaborative, coordinated action, as well as investment from many parties at local and global levels, to combat climate change, and we are committed to doing our part.

By making significant and sustained cuts to GHG emissions and strengthening our climate resilience, we are helping protect the planet we all share.

Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Our science based target for combined scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions addresses the emissions generated from our operations.

The vast majority of our operational emissions a little over 97% in 2021 comes from the purchased electricity used to power our offices, retail stores, data centers, and our nationwide network.

As of December 2021, we sourced 100% of our purchased electricity from renewable energy, enabling us to eliminate all of our scope 2 GHG emissions.

To learn more about the wind and solar projects that helped us achieve this goal, check out the Energy Management section.

In tandem, we’re also working to reduce our scope 1 reliance on fossil fuels by investing in sustainable solutions across a variety of projects, including reducing reliance on diesel in data centers, implementing air cooling enhancements and energy efficiency measures at cell towers, and investing in electric vehicles and alternative network backup power sources like batteries.

Scope 3 Emissions We are taking responsibility for our full carbon footprint by engaging stakeholders across our value chain to identify emissions hotspots and implement sustainability initiatives.

To help us get a full view of scope 3 GHG emissions, we measure and report on 10 categories that are relevant to our business.

We firmly believe that businesses must account for their entire footprint to drive the change needed to support a 1.5 C future.

One area where we’ve collaborated to build more efficiencies is within our transportation distribution network.

For example, through a recent shipping logistics optimization project we reduced the number of truck and van trips needed to deliver equipment and backup generators to our sites.

Strategically grouping deliveries so that vehicles hit the road fully loaded has taken 1,146 trucks off our streets and highways, saving nearly 3 million in capital expenditure, and reducing scope 3 GHG emissions by 2,241 metric tons in 2021.

Scope 1: Direct emissions generated from T Mobile facilities including offices, retail stores, data centers, customer experience centers, and network operations.

Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased electricity required to power all T Mobile facilities.

Scope 3: Indirect emissions generated from upstream and downstream activities, including the products T Mobile sells and the services it uses, including corporate travel.

Total carbon footprint uses scope 2 market based emissions.

CO2e is a measure used to compare the emissions from various greenhouse gases based upon their global warming potential (OECD Glossary of Statistical Terms Carbon dioxide equivalent definition).

Calculations are based on the GHG Protocol methodology and the EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule.

T he location based method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs.

T he market based method reflects emissions from electricity that companies have purposefully chosen.

Tracking, managing, and optimizing our energy use is foundational to T Mobile’s energy management strategy.

Our first priority is to reduce energy consumption by leveraging innovative technologies that drive energy efficiencies and savings across our company.

Then, we work to source the energy we do use as sustainably as we can by drawing from renewable energy projects across the country.

T Mobile is driving change in the clean energy sector with our foundational support of the Diversity in Clean Energy (DiCE) coalition.

The mission of DiCE is to grow an inclusive ecosystem that provides access to equitable opportunities for direct and indirect clean energy suppliers.

Through this work, we can help support a just transition from fossil fuels to renewables.

Creating Efficiencies Across Our Network As data consumption around the world continues to grow, we aim to sustain our growth and pace of our 5G network expansion without a corresponding escalation in electricity use.

Because the majority of our energy consumption comes from powering our network, network related efficiencies have a massive impact on our overall energy footprint.

We set a bold goal of reducing our energy consumption by 95% per petabyte of data traffic by 2030, from a 2019 baseline.

That means we will, across our business, use 20 times less total energy each time a customer views a webpage or streams a song, compared to 2019.

We’re making progress and we won’t stop until we get there.

Achieve a 95% reduction in energy consumption (MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic by 2030, from a 2019 baseline.

We achieved a 14.4% reduction in energy consumption (MWh) per petabyte (PB) of data traffic between 2019 and the end of 2021, using 349 MWh of energy per PB of data traffic on our network in 2021.

In 2021, we continued to realize network synergies from the merger, strategically decommissioning thousands of targeted cell sites that were deemed redundant, which resulted in an estimated savings of approximately 500,000 MWh.

We also turned on features across approximately half our network sites that enabled our radio network equipment to optimize energy consumption and drive further efficiencies.

This is in addition to the cooling enhancements we’ve made at select cell sites by replacing air conditioning units with direct air cooling fans to more efficiently control the on site temperature of cell towers.

Plus, they allow our teams to diagnose and fix HVAC issues remotely and see which units may be running inefficiently so we can proactively replace them before they fail.

Combined with our LED lighting and lighting controls upgrades at hundreds of stores, we’re able to save approximately 45,000 MWh annually.

We’re also continuing to further improve energy efficiency at our data centers.

We’re implementing controls and systems that allow us to analyze even more granular data on power usage and make data driven decisions on how to make our facilities more efficient.

In corporate offices, we’re exploring equipping heavily trafficked spaces with motion sensors to drive smarter energy savings today and for years to come.

Energy smart offices: T Mobile has installed energy efficient infrastructure and LED lighting with motion sensors across millions of square feet of renovated office spaces.

To further optimize efficiency, we installed energy management systems across thousands of retail locations.

Our energy reduction and efficiency measures are complemented by our commitment to source 100% of our electricity from renewable energy, a goal we achieved in 2021 despite our historic merger that significantly expanded our electricity needs.

By using electricity generated from the wind and sun, we are powering our operations with clean energy sources that will never run out and do not release harmful GHGs into the atmosphere as they generate electricity.

To help reach our goal we invested in nine large scale wind and solar farm projects across the country that are contracted to provide us with approximately 3.4 million MWh of renewable energy per year.

These investments are a shining example of how we use our purchasing power for good, driving demand for clean energy and bringing more renewable energy to more local grids across the nation.

As of 2021, our renewable energy portfolio included eight virtual Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), one Green Direct program, 19 retail agreements, community solar projects, and unbundled Renewable Energy Certificates that support projects across the country that’s enough wind and solar power annually to account for every unit of electricity we consumed Moving forward, we plan to invest in and add more renewable energy projects to our portfolio to match our electricity needs.

Community Solar Across the Country We’re ramping up investments in community solar projects across the country.

These projects help generate clean energy flowing to local electric grids, which reduces the use of fossil fuels and lowers emissions in the community.

When T Mobile subscribes to community solar projects, we benefit by receiving renewable energy credits that reduce our electricity cost each month, while supporting the renewable energy entering the grid a win for the business, for clean energy, and the communities it serves.

In 2021, we signed 37 community solar projects which represent greening local energy grids with more than 2.1 million MWh over 25 years in Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, Colorado, and Oregon.

There are two major areas that businesses can focus on beyond their own commitments.

Firstly, corporations can advocate for better access to renewable energy.

Making the case for a level playing field by guaranteeing your purchase of renewables should they become available is a big contributor to helping a country gain access to more renewables while bringing down costs.

Secondly, it’s looking beyond your scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions to those in your supply chain scope 3 GHG emissions.

While the RE100 commitment only covers those emissions directly produced by a company, many members are going above and beyond by looking at those indirect emissions.

By making the switch to renewables, companies are helping to mitigate the potential for future price fluctuations in the long term and ideally delivering business savings.

RE100 is a global initiative bringing together the world’s most influential businesses committed to 100% renewable electricity.

Led by Climate Group, in partnership with CDP, its mission is to drive change toward 100% renewable grids, both through the direct investments of its members, like T Mobile, and by working with policymakers to accelerate the transition to a clean economy.

The telco industry has a crucial role to play in this transition owing to the vast amounts of electricity consumed through its day to day operations.

As critical national infrastructure suppliers, telco businesses have a substantial and authoritative voice when it comes to communicating the need to do more to update our energy markets and supply infrastructure to facilitate investment in cheap, clean renewables.

The value of a public commitment from companies such as T Mobile cannot be understated.

It enables T Mobile, and companies like it, to add their weight to the overall membership advocating for change.

The electricity consumption of RE100 members is now greater than that of the U.K., at over 380 TWh per year, meaning that when our members all achieve their RE100 goals, that’s the equivalent of a country going 100% renewables.

This is not only good for the planet the increasing scale of corporate renewables investment is rapidly bringing down renewable energy costs for the benefit of all.

Waste comes in many forms from everyday items like used paper cups and batteries, to a wide range of electronic and network infrastructure equipment.

We know that our customers and employees care about the waste that is generated by the products and services they purchase and the companies they buy from.

Across our business we look for effective ways to minimize the waste we produce and responsibly dispose of the waste we generate.

Our approach includes assessing our operations to understand waste reduction opportunities, removing barriers to make it easier for employees to responsibly dispose of items, and prioritizing repair, reuse, and recycling whenever possible.

We’ll be the first to admit that our waste reduction and recycling efforts are a work in progress and often depend on the infrastructure and commitment in our local municipalities, but we are applying the same relentless mindset to this challenge as to other pain points our industry might face.

Inspiring Wise Decisions on Waste Each one of us makes daily decisions about the items we toss in the trash.

Often, the decision to send something to landfill or recycle it comes down to access and information.

To help address this, we offer as many opportunities as possible for our employees to have access to responsible disposal options and the information needed to make informed decisions.

For example, every corporate retail store across the country has a collection center that provides employees with an easy way to appropriately dispose of everything from batteries and lamps to aerosol cans and small electronics.

We also launched the Magenta Ambassador program in our Bellevue, WA Overland Park, KS Frisco, TX and New York, NY offices, which provides an in person point of contact who can be a champion for improving the employee experience at those locations.

Part of the ambassadors’ role is raising awareness of the local programs and resources available, including waste disposal, recycling, and composting options.

Waste systems and needs vary by location, and we want to empower our employees to make informed decisions no matter where they are working.

Network E Waste is a Valuable Resource Responsibly managing electronic waste, or e waste, is one of the biggest opportunities in our industry and an area where we can have a massive impact on the environment.

Every piece of equipment that keeps us connected whether through our transformational 5G network or the latest wireless device contains precious metals, glass, and other raw materials.

Recognizing that resources are not limitless, our goal is to recover electronic equipment and products throughout our value chain and maximize their useful life by repairing and redeploying them.

As we continue to strategically decommission redundant cell sites, we first assess network equipment to see what can be repaired and reused elsewhere across our business.

This not only prolongs the life of the equipment, but it also saves costs and resources.

Equipment that isn’t used by T Mobile is either responsibly recycled through R2 certified and e steward companies or resold to vendors with the intention of being reused.

In 2021, we recycled 90% of the materials we didn’t reuse internally with the remaining 10% resold to vendors for reuse.

The more resources that can be reclaimed from e waste, the less that need to be extracted from the earth.

Shaping the Circular Economy Together We recognize the importance of reducing the amount of e waste associated with devices.

It’s why the concept of the circular economy is so critical for our industry it works to maximize the product lifecycle and minimize waste at the same time.

By partnering with others through the Global Enabling Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) and the Global System for Mobile Communications Association (GSMA), we can shape circular economy strategies for the telecommunications industry and make meaningful recommendations to device manufacturers.

We are also actively participating in the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) waste diversion sub committee, which focuses on best practices for recycling and reusing devices across the retail sector.

Extending the Life of Every Device E waste has become a critical global issue.

Left to decompose in landfill, electronic devices can leach hazardous compounds such as lead or cadmium into the groundwater.

Discarded devices may be suitable for refurbishment and subsequent use by someone else.

Broken devices are rich in precious metals and recyclable materials that can be used in manufacturing new items versus extraction from the ground via highly carbon intensive mining.

As a wireless provider, we can play an important role in keeping devices out of landfills by providing our customers with ways to extend the lifecycle of their devices when possible.

Each year, millions of devices come back to T Mobile through our Device Reuse and Recycling program, and our reverse logistics partners have continued to enhance the sorting and assessment process by leveraging new technology.

More recently, our partners have used a robotic solution that takes devices through an automated machine based evaluation to check the cosmetic quality and functionality of each device and determine whether it can be resold and reused or recycled.

With the help of these machines, we’re able to evaluate devices more rapidly and objectively, improving the efficiency of the overall process and extending the device lifecycle for millions of smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, and more.

For devices that can’t be reused, we work with recycling partners that are certified to the rigorous and industry leading R2 standard, which provides a common set of processes, safety measures, and documentation requirements for electronics recyclers.

T Mobile is the only U.S. wireless carrier to participate in the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Sustainable Materials Management Electronics Challenge.

This program challenges major manufacturers and retailers of electronics to send 100% of the e waste they collect to third party certified recyclers, increase e waste collections, and publish data on recovery and disposal.

We received the Gold Tier Award for our 2021 Device Reuse and Recycling program the third straight year we were recognized with this honor.

Customers can swap an eligible device for credit toward a new one, with the old device automatically entering our Device Reuse and Recycling program.

Customers can find out what a device is worth with our trade in estimator tool and get a new device.

We either find a new home for the unwanted devices or ensure that the recyclable components and materials are put to good use.

T Mobile accepts smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, hotspots, or IoT items at our stores to be upcycled or recycled for free.

We provide clear instructions for customers on how to clear their phones of personal data so they’re ready for recycling.

Consumer electronics have changed a lot in 20 years systems for managing e waste aren’t keeping up.

We know many of our customers care about making sustainable purchasing choices.

We encourage our device suppliers to participate in the UL ECOLOGO Certification Program, a voluntary independent certification that covers materials use, energy consumption, repairability, end of life management, packaging, and more.

Approximately 78% of our new wireless handset models were certified through UL ECOLOGO and EPEAT Certifications in 2021.

Going forward, T Mobile will extend the range of wireless devices that undergo ECOLOGO or equivalent certification to include tablets and wearables.

T Mobile is on the ECOLOGO Standard Technical Panel for UL 110 (the Standard for Sustainability for Mobile Phones) and was involved in developing the industry’s first ever environmental standard for wireless devices.

Collaborating for Progress in Sustainable Packaging Sustainable packaging is one way we show our love for our customers and our planet at the same time.

We strive to reduce packaging waste that goes to landfill and not saddle our customers with plastic trays and inserts they cannot recycle.

We are working to evolve our device and accessory packaging and shipping materials to be sourced from more sustainable, recyclable materials.

In coordination with CTIA, we developed sustainable packaging guidelines that help minimize the impact and footprint of packaging.

Pivet, the case brand with its proprietary Self CycleTM technology, was among the new sustainable products we introduced to our accessories portfolio in 2021.

It’s a case option that delivers premium design and functionality while being 100% bioavailable to nature’s decay agents found in locations like landfills.

Pivet is an example of new materials technology opening up more sustainable choices for customers.

T Mobile is committed to being a responsible steward of the natural resources we use.

Our Environmental Policy lays out our commitments to do our part to protect the planet we all share.

We strive to conserve water use throughout our operations, follow responsible paper management practices and sustainable packaging guidelines, and increase the purchase of products designed and manufactured in an environmentally sustainable way.

Plus, we take a highly collaborative approach to natural resource management and conservation efforts, working closely with suppliers and non profits, as well as in alliance with other corporations, to ensure we are improving efficiencies and following best practices across our value chain.

Supporting Suppliers Who Use Less T Mobile’s Responsible Sourcing Guidelines help us select and support the suppliers who source materials the right way.

For a detailed look, check out our full Responsible Sourcing Guidelines.

Water We strive to conserve water across our operations and understand the key role it plays in global supply chains.

As part of the Science Based Target Network (SBTN) Corporate Engagement Program, we collaborate with other organizations on developing methods and tools to set science based targets for nature, including water use targets.

Wood fiber Responsible wood fiber usage protects forests, so we work to manage the use of paper and paperboard packaging material across our operations.

Minerals We are concerned about the human rights abuses and risks associated with the extraction, transport, and trade of certain minerals in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries.

These trade minerals, referred to as conflict minerals, include columbite tantalite (coltan), cassiterite, gold, wolframite, and their derivatives.

Our Responsible Sourcing Guidelines outline our expectations that suppliers do not use conflict minerals, as well as guiding them where necessary in improving due diligence.

Plant a Billion Trees a major forest restoration program aimed at slowing climate change and biodiversity loss.

The Family Forest Carbon Program a project aimed at helping family and small landowners across the U.S. gain access to resources and capital to improve the health of their forests and fight climate change.

Living with Fire a program to develop and implement fire mitigation strategies that reduce wildfire risks and restore health and diversity to natural lands.

To help drive sustainability outcomes across the business, the T Mobile Sustainability Steering Committee meets quarterly to discuss priority environmental sustainability topics and initiatives.

Comprised of executive leaders from cross functional groups, the committee works to drive a holistic, enterprise wide discussion and to align sustainability efforts at T Mobile, as well as ensuring functional visibility, accountability, and engagement in the development of company wide plans.

The committee is co led by our Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer and our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy.

Key initiatives overseen by the committee are communicated through ESG updates to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Truly protecting the planet will require looking beyond our own operations to areas where we can meaningfully partner with others.

For the last few years, T Mobile has joined forces with The Nature Conservancy (TNC) to mobilize our resources and our customers around Earth Day and bolster global conservation efforts.

Since 2018, we’ve donated 1.6 million to TNC programs that work to establish environmentally conscious practices to prevent habitat loss and promote biodiversity on a large scale.

The Numbers and Small Print Honest and straightforward communications, backed by credible data, is what we’re about.

This report covers the domestic operations and activities of T Mobile US, Inc. for the calendar year 2021 (January 1 to December 31), unless otherwise stated.

It has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option.

It is also aligned to the disclosure requirements of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for our industry.

T Mobile management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the information reported for calendar year 2021.

Through a system of internal controls, including a comprehensive verification process involving internal subject matter experts, we believe this information accurately represents our domestic responsibility activities and performance results for the calendar year.

We continued to improve our data collection process by utilizing a centralized ESG collection tool which allows the internal subject matter experts to collaborate, collect data, and streamline our extensive review and approval process.

External verification over specified GHG and energy metrics is provided by Apex Companies, LLC.

This report contains certain forward looking statements based on T Mobile management’s current assumptions and expectations, including statements regarding our ESG targets, goals, commitments and programs and other business plans, initiatives, and objectives.

These statements are typically accompanied by the words aim, hope, believe, estimate, plan, aspire, may, could, will, or similar words.

All such statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Our actual future results, including the achievement of our targets, goals, or commitments, could differ materially, and adversely, from our projected results as the result of changes in circumstances, assumptions not being realized, or other risks, uncertainties, and factors.

Such risks, uncertainties, and factors include the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10 Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (such documents are also available on our investor page), as well as, with respect to our ESG targets, goals and commitments outlined in this reporting or elsewhere, and the challenges, assumptions and other methodological considerations associated with same.

As such, readers should not place undue reliance on such forward looking statements.

T Mobile cannot assure you that the results reflected or implied by any forward looking statement will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that those results will have the forecasted or expected consequences and effects.

The forward looking statements in our reporting are made as of the date in which this report is published and we undertake no obligation and expressly disclaim any duty to update these forward looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

Additionally, this report contains ESG related statements based on hypothetical scenarios and assumptions as well as estimates that are subject to a high level of inherent uncertainty, and these statements should not necessarily be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or performance, or forecasts of expected risk or performance.

In addition, historical, current, and forward looking environmental and social related statements may be based on standards and metrics for measuring progress, as well as standards for the preparation of any underlying data for those metrics, that are still developing and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve while these are based on expectations and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, they should not be considered guarantees.

Moreover, our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable governmental policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control.

The events, scenarios, and efforts discussed in this report, including both forward looking statements and other statements, may be significant however, the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material for the purposes of complying with or reporting pursuant to the U.S. federal securities laws and regulations, even if we use the word material or materiality in this document in relation to those statements or in other materials that we may release from time to time in connection with the matters discussed herein.

Moreover, given the uncertainties, estimates, and assumptions required to make some of the disclosures in this report, and the timelines involved, materiality is inherently difficult to assess far in advance.

In addition, given the inherent uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions, and timelines contained in this report, we may not be able to anticipate in advance whether or the degree to which we will or will not be able to meet our plans, targets, or goals.

Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.

Managing risks and creating systems of prevention and recovery to deal with potential threats to a company, i.e. disaster response efforts, geopolitical events, building network resilience, and mitigating risks that could interrupt network service.

Ensuring the workers across the value chain work in safe conditions where their safety, health, and mental well being are prioritized.

Structures in charge of managing, overseeing, and directing a company and integrating ESG across the business.

Equal access and opportunity to connectivity, including affordability of services, accessibility no matter ability, income or location, and digital education to bridge digital literacy divides.

Protecting and conserving natural resources, such as water, trees, wildlife, and land.

Protecting and committing to open internet access where all data is treated equally with respect to content, application, and service.

Digital security and privacy Providing a secured network for a safe and secure online experience, including the protection of personal information and consumer data.

Supporting, developing, and enhancing the well being and livelihoods of communities.

Attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent through education, learning, training, and fair recruitment and compensation practices.

Minimizing environmental and social impacts during the product lifecycle (i.e. take back programs, reduction of plastic and packaging).

Ethical business practices The fair, transparent, and moral code of conduct to the strategic and operational management of a business.

Making a positive contribution to national and local economies.

For instance, through jobs created, taxes paid, economic value added.

Promoting and advancing sustainability across the telecom industry through advocacy, participation in industry associations, external partnerships, and cross industry collaboration.

The responsible and transparent communication, promotion, and or selling of products to consumers.

Diversity of our workforce and equal opportunity for employees of different backgrounds.

Ensuring customers are using products and services responsibly and that their digital well being is protected.

Using energy more efficiently and opting for renewable energy sources where possible.

Taking clear action to reduce our impact on the climate and reducing emissions, like carbon, generated from business activities.

Developing innovative technologies that promote long term sustainability.

Transparent supply chain management and responsible supplier engagement that protects environmental, social, and governance (ESG) values.

Reducing the amount of waste generated across operations and responsibly disposing recycling all waste streams.

A commitment to respect and promote human rights and social principles in every place a company operates, including its business partners and supply chain.

These definitions were used in our third party materiality assessment which was intended to identify and prioritize ESG issues relevant to our business and key stakeholders.

Please refer to the ESG materiality matrix in the 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report for more information.

The table below sets out our responses to relevant Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) disclosures, including select material topics identified in collaboration with stakeholders as part of our 2021 ESG materiality assessment.

T Mobile common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol TMUS.

Our Procurement and Supply organization spends billions of dollars on products, goods, and services annually, procuring everything our company needs to run our business, from hardware and network equipment to software, spectrum assets, and transportation.

Engaging with small, medium, and large suppliers across the globe, we work to provide access and opportunities for all our suppliers and grow a robust supply chain that reflects our diversity and values.

We are a company committed to conducting our business in a socially, environmentally, and economically responsible manner.

This commitment extends to our supply chain partners and the goods and services they provide.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct and Responsible Sourcing Guidelines outline the policies and guidelines that govern our supply chain partnerships and sustainability performance is a contributing factor to how we award contracts.

In 2020, we began working with EcoVadis to better evaluate our supply chain across four key areas: environmental, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

We have received assessments from suppliers representing approximately 38% of our sourceable spend.

Our standard management practices considers many factors, including potential positive and negative societal impacts, when making strategic business decisions.

T Mobile is committed to recognizing employees’ rights to organize, and to refrain from organizing.

We abide by both the letter and the spirit of the U.S. National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), under which employees have the right to decide whether to support or not support a union.

We train our supervisors on the NLRA, which stipulates the legal requirements concerning union rights.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option.

Third party limited assurance was provided for T Mobile’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use data for calendar year 2021.

See T Mobile’s Assurance Statement on our reporting page for more information.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Energy consumption data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All energy consumption data is verified annually by an independent third party to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) standard.

All energy consumption that is designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control is included.

Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

Estimation methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available.

Publicly available conversion factors from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (gallons or mmBTU) to MWh.

Standard and recognizable conversion factors are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x 3.600).

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response and our third party Assurance Statement on our reporting page.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Downstream customer energy consumption data is estimated based on device specific LCA data and in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (scope 3) Standard.

Source of the conversion factors used: Standard and recognizable conversion factors are used to convert from MWh to GJ (x 3.600).

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The energy consumption in the year prior to the implementation of the conservation and efficiency initiatives is used as the baseline.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: Energy reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the most recent CDP Climate Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3).

For more information, refer to our latest CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

While T Mobile uses relatively little water compared to companies in many other industries, we strive to use it in a responsible and sustainable manner to help conserve this important natural resource.

Our reporting for water consumption includes domestic water used in our buildings (data centers, call centers, offices, retail stores, switches, warehouse), some cell sites with irrigation, as well as domestic wastewater.

We do not include water use for buildings where the water utility is not included in the leasing contracts.

T Mobile employee occupied buildings across the United States, interacting with domestic water use (includes data centers, call centers, offices, stores, switches, warehouses), and some cell sites with irrigation through our direct operations.

Water withdrawal and discharge occurs through the different municipal systems in the United States.

As outlined by our Responsible Sourcing Guidelines, we show a preference for working with suppliers who demonstrate adherence to industry best practices in areas such as water use.

We manage our domestic wastewater released through the sewage system of our buildings according to each municipal water treatment system standard.

We therefore follow all local municipal wastewater treatment protocols for domestic water discharge from our facilities.

In 2021, T Mobile used 1,054,583 cubic meters (m3 ) of water.

This includes the municipal water withdrawal that we are directly billed for in our buildings (data centers, customer experience centers, offices, retail stores, switches, warehouse), and some cell sites with irrigation.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (gallons, mmBTU, or MWh) to MT CO2e.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: scope 1 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All scope 1 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

All scope 1 emissions from sources designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control are included.

All data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Publicly available emission factors and global warming potential values from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) are used to convert from the native unit of measure (MWh) to MT CO2e.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: scope 2 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All scope 2 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

All scope 2 emissions from sources designated to be within T Mobile’s operational control are included.

Most data is historical in nature and based on primary data.

Estimation methodologies are used for a small number of sites where primary data is not available.

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: A mix of publicly available and internal emission factors are used to convert from the various native units of measure to MT CO2e.

Supplier specific emission factors are collected on a unit volume and revenue basis and are used whenever possible.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: scope 3 emissions data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and T Mobile’s standard procedures and guidelines for sustainability reporting.

All scope 3 emissions data is verified annually by an independent third party.

Most scope 3 data is historical in nature and based on primary data or expenditure data.

Estimation methodologies based on internal studies and data are used for some scope 3 calculations where primary data is not available.

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O, HFCs For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: 937,965 MT CO2e Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4 , N2 O Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it: The GHG emissions in the year prior to the implementation of the reduction initiatives is used as the baseline.

Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and or calculation tools used: GHG emissions reduction data is collected, calculated, and reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol and the most recent CDP Climate Change Reporting Guidance for Emissions Reduction Initiatives (C4.3).

For more information, refer to our most recent CDP Climate Change response on our reporting page.

T Mobile manages its operational waste in an environmentally responsible manner, including Municipal Solid Waste (MSW), regulated waste, shred paper, and electronic waste.

We manage impacts related to waste generated in our own activities.

Universal Regulated Waste: T Mobile works with a single national vendor to provide universal regulated waste collection across the company.

This includes collection for dry cell batteries, bulbs, ballasts, aerosol cans, and some small electronics.

All corporate owned retail stores have regulated waste collection centers on site to ensure accessible collection.

Employees and contractors at other locations can also request vendor universal regulated waste collection supplies from a T Mobile internal web portal.

Document Shredding: T Mobile provides secure document shredding at retail and commercial real estate offices.

For employees at our Overland Park, Kansas office, shred paper collection events are held monthly at no charge to employees.

E waste: T Mobile works to responsibly manage electronic waste across our operations, which includes IT and network equipment.

We also provide opportunities for customers to responsibly dispose of their devices.

Our device recycling and reuse program aims to recover devices, such as phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots, and IoT items.

Municipal Solid Waste: Trash and recycling services are provided at our buildings according to local regulations and guidelines outlined by building owners.

Hazardous waste: T Mobile works with select vendors to responsibly manage hazardous waste and dispose of it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Third party waste management and oversight processes: T Mobile works with a third party waste diversion consultant to optimize recycling best practices.

In addition, the third party waste diversion consultant audits service provided by our two national haulers to right size those services and validate they match the contracted agreement.

We are also a member of the Department of Energy’s Better Buildings Waste Pilot in an effort to share and learn best practices for waste diversion, reporting, and employee engagement and education.

Processes used to collect and monitor waste related data: We receive waste reports from select vendors, including national haulers and recyclers for select waste streams.

T Mobile generated approximately 28,055 metric tons of waste that was diverted from disposal.

T Mobile generated approximately 12,550 metric tons of non diverted waste, largely consisting of municipal solid waste and a limited amount (approximately 0.1%) of non hazardous and hazardous waste responsibly managed by approved vendors in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

T Mobile’s Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policies and Standards apply to all T Mobile operations and subsidiaries.

At T Mobile, we work hard to reduce workplace hazards, comply with all applicable environmental, health, and safety regulations, and implement sustainable business practices.

Underpinning our commitment to maintain a safe and healthy workplace and to minimize the impact of business operations on the environment, is our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Program.

Our EHS Program includes current EHS Policies and Standards within a Company EHS Management System that apply to all T Mobile operations and subsidiaries.

The EHS team identifies gaps and implements programs needed to ensure ongoing compliance and continuous improvement of the EHS Management System.

This team is overseen by executive leadership and works closely with business units and supervisors across the company to ensure integration of EHS requirements and ongoing reporting of EHS activities.

T Mobile’s EHS Management System is a set of interrelated programs and policies designed to implement, operate, monitor, and improve standards and processes that ensure ongoing compliance and to reduce workplace hazards and environmental impacts.

T Mobile’s EHS Management System is aligned to International Standard Organization (ISO) 14001 (Environmental Management Systems) and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems).

The EHS team is comprised of experienced professionals who develop, coordinate implementation, monitor, review, and maintain EHS programs to reduce workplace hazards and environmental impacts.

The EHS team is overseen by executive leadership and works closely with business units and supervisors across the company to ensure integration of EHS requirements and ongoing reporting of EHS activities.

T Mobile’s EHS program outlines hazard prevention requirements and controls, emergency response plans, medical assistance protocols, awareness and training requirements, and the process for incident reporting and investigations.

All EHS related incidents must be reported via an appropriate mechanism (e.g.

For more information, please contact Safety T mobile.com.

All unsafe conditions are to be immediately reported to management.

Employees can phone concerns to the 24 7 EHS Helpline at 877 604 7233 or email them to Safety T Mobile.com.

Work related incidents are filed in the Aurora incident reporting system with immediate distribution to EHS, Risk Management Insurance, and Site Safety.

Upon receipt of facts, an incident investigation is commenced.

The EHS team partners with line of business leadership to manage EHS risk across the enterprise and to ensure implementation of applicable EHS Enterprise Programs.

This includes program development, change management, regulatory updates, site assessments, training, incident investigation, metric development and reporting, and interfacing with regulators.

The EHS team identifies gaps and implements programs needed to ensure ongoing compliance and continuous improvement of the EHS Management System.

The EHS team works with Safety Lead Employees, who are responsible for the implementation and management of EHS Enterprise Programs that apply to their lines of business, and Site Leads, who manage EHS processes and procedures at their sites, implement EHS Enterprise Programs, communicate EHS program information, and review EHS issues with the local Safety Committee.

Supervisors are responsible for EHS program adherence for their area of authority.

T Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for company wide access to EHS program documents.

T Mobile maintains a centralized electronic repository for company wide access to EHS program documents.

All T Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures.

In addition, T Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job specific EHS practices as appropriate.

In addition, safety committees are formed for any non retail facility with more than ten employees in order to provide a forum to regularly discuss and address local workplace hazards, reduce workplace EHS risks, and promote health and safety awareness.

For facilities with ten or fewer employees, the senior manager at the facility includes EHS issues as a recurring topic during staff meetings.

All T Mobile employees receive Company Safety Training and Enterprise Emergency Procedures.

In addition, T Mobile requires training and instruction on general and job specific EHS practices as appropriate, which includes: New job assignment EHS training EHS training for whenever new substances, processes, procedures, or equipment are introduced to the workplace and present a new hazard EHS training for whenever the facility is made aware of a new or previously unrecognized hazard Manager led instruction for employees under their direction that includes the safety and health hazards to which they may be exposed First aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), and bloodborne pathogen certification training for all telecommunications field workers and Other training as required to ensure the health and welfare of employees (e.g., ladder training, fire extinguisher, etc.

T Mobile has a well defined Contractor Safety Program, which works to ensure more than 1,000 key vendors have the proper health and safety programs in place to prevent workplace incidents while doing work on behalf of T Mobile.

All such programs must be uploaded into a third party database, and key safety metrics from the past three years are entered, and then reviewed by the EHS team.

If vendors do not meet T Mobile’s criteria, they are not authorized to do work on T Mobile’s behalf.

For all workers who are not employees but whose work and or workplace is controlled by the organization: Such figures for non T Mobile employees are not tracked as T Mobile is not a controlling entity for on site safety.

In addition, T Mobile employees are not authorized for high risk high consequence tasks.

All such tasks (such as tower climbing, high voltage electrical work) would be completed by a qualified third party entity that is evaluated holistically by T Mobile’s Contractor Safety Program.

Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked: 200,000 hours worked.

Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded: No exclusions of T Mobile employees.

Employees participated in over 5.4 million hours of training.

This number includes only those trackable training hours completed in a formal Learning Management System by all T Mobile full and part time employees.

At T Mobile, our people come first, and we won’t stop helping employees achieve their goals.

We have a robust lineup of development programs and resources designed to build a diverse group of leaders and empower employees for career success.

We are on a mission to deliver learning and create connections across the enterprise for ALL employees to continually evolve their skills and careers so we can achieve something bigger and better together.

And, it’s all easily accessible on our Magenta University site, which is our one stop shop for all things career development and learning.

Magenta University helps employees evolve their skills and career, advance leadership expertise, and deepen commitments to DE I.

Includes only trackable training hours completed in our formal Learning Management System.

T Mobile does not report on all complaints concerning customer privacy or data loss.

We report this number (for both substantiated and unsubstantiated complaints) annually to the FCC in a public filing available from T Mobile or from the FCC’s website under Docket 06 36.

For 2021, that filing reported a total of 913 complaints concerning CPNI (some of which were determined not to be substantiated).

The table below references the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards for the Telecommunication Services Industry, as defined by SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System.

Total energy consumed is calculated based on emissions sources included in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, namely diesel, gasoline, jet fuel, propane, natural gas, and electricity.

For more information, refer to our Independent Assurance Statement, which can be found on our reporting page.

Percentage grid electricity is calculated as total electricity consumed as purchased from the grid (and reported for scope 2 GHG emissions) divided by total energy consumed.

Percentage renewable electricity is calculated as total renewable electricity generated on site or purchased in the form of renewable energy credits divided by total energy consumed.

The T Mobile Privacy Center houses our Privacy Notices about our privacy practices for consumers.

Here consumers can find the choices they have over the use of their personal data and our Privacy Notice describing what data we collect, how it is used, when it is shared, how we retain and protect it, and other privacy safeguards.

See the T Mobile Privacy Notice for how the company collects, uses, shares, and protects personal data.

T Mobile has policies and practices in place for data handling and to govern the data lifecycle including the use of Privacy by Design principles and processes to evaluate new projects using Privacy Impact Assessments.

We don’t knowingly collect data from or about children without the permission of their parent or guardian.

When we do collect that data, we might do it directly, like when they sign up for a service.

We might also collect it automatically if a child uses the products or services we offer.

See our Children’s Privacy Notice for more information.

The T Mobile Privacy Center gives consumers easy to access information concerning behavioral advertising and their choices.

This includes the choices consumers have over the use of their personal data for relevant advertising and data analytics and reporting.

For more information see our Advertising and Analytics article.

For relevant ads, T Mobile will use and analyze data from your device, and usage data generated by use of T Mobile products and services, and sometimes data from third party partners, to create inferences for our own and third party advertising until customers tell us not to use it.

This data helps us understand more about user interests (e.g.

The number of customers whose information is used for secondary purposes varies by product as consumers may opt out of these uses.

For example, we offer consumer choices about data use for analytics and reporting or relevant advertising.

For purposes of reporting this metric, we’ll report on regulatory fines or legal settlements for matters that have a material impact on our operations, or which we’d otherwise disclose to investors pursuant to SEC guidance.

We do not, as of this report, have any material monetary loss as the result of litigation or regulatory investigations concerning our processing of consumer data.

T Mobile discloses the number of law enforcement requests for customer information and the number of requests that were rejected, received no response, or received a written explanation of why T Mobile was unable to respond in whole or in part.

For the latest annual figures, visit our website to view the most current annual Transparency Report.

T Mobile releases customer records to third parties only when legally authorized or compelled to do so.

Our Legal and Emergency Response team relies on Federal and State statutes and regulations when determining appropriate compliance.

The Legal and Emergency Response Specialists are trained to analyze legal demands and make a determination regarding appropriate compliance.

Generally, T Mobile notifies customers of third party legal demands only if required by law or contract to do so.

T Mobile does not measure the number of individual customers whose information is requested.

T Mobile does not report these figures publicly, in part as the definition of data breach varies across laws and contract terms.

We do provide public notice for those incidents where such notice is required by law.

In unusual cases, we may provide additional information about an incident and our response.

We use administrative, technical, contractual, and physical safeguards designed to protect customer data while it is under our control.

T Mobile’s data security program also includes, among other items, a threat intelligence component, a supplier risk management component, a vulnerability and patch management component, and investigative tools such as digital loss prevention tools to identify and address data security risks.

We utilize the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework in designing that program and comply with applicable data security laws and standards in the context where they apply.

Examples of such laws and standards include the Sarbanes Oxley law on financial reports, FCC CPNI rules for certain telecommunications usage data, Payment Card Industry standards applicable to handling of payment card data, and the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) for certain federal service contracts.

T Mobile is committed to giving customers a way to responsibly dispose of their devices and extend their product life.

Through our Device Reuse and Recycling program, customers can trade in an eligible device for a credit toward a new one or they can bring in unused devices to our retail collection sites.

Devices currently included in this program include phones, smartwatches, tablets, hotspots, and IoT items.

Our Device Reuse and Recycling program complies with federal and state laws and gives consumers a way to properly and safely recycle these items.

T Mobile requires suppliers and partners that repair and recycle these devices to be certified to the industry leading R2 standard which provides a common set of processes, safety measures, and documentation requirements.

R2 is rigorously and independently audited, emphasizing quality, safety, and transparency, including any devices exported for refurbishment and recycling.

In 2021, T Mobile collected approximately 11.6 million devices (5,388 MT) through this take back program.

As of 12 31 21, approximately 90% were reused or resold to approved vendors for reuse, approximately 3% responsibly recycled by certified third party facilities, and approximately 6% remained in inventory and are intended to be reused or recycled in 2022.

For the fiscal year 2021, T Mobile had no material losses related to litigation or to non appealable regulatory decisions involving anti competitive behavior.

T Mobile is committed to an open internet and does not directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic either in exchange for consideration from a third party or to benefit an affiliated entity.

For more information on T Mobile network performance characteristics (including download speeds), customer options, and network management practices, see our Open Internet information page online.

See T Mobile’s SEC reports for our disclosures relating to the risks and opportunities associated with laws and regulations addressing net neutrality.

T Mobile does not currently disclose the system average interruption frequency.

T Mobile does not currently disclose the customer average interruption duration.

At T Mobile, we understand the importance of reliable communications and connectivity during critical events, like natural disasters and emergency situations.

That’s why building in operational and network resilience is vital to the work we do.

As a company, we are committed to safeguarding the interests of our customers, employees, and stakeholders in the event of an emergency or significant business disruption.

We maintain an Enterprise Continuity Program designed to be best in class with proactive measures to reduce risk to enterprise operations and recovery solutions that minimize impact to customers and services during a potential business disruption.

With enterprise wide teams that work to address business continuity, disaster recovery, network availability, emergency response, and customer support, we are relentless at keeping the interests of our customers, employees, and stakeholders at the forefront of our disaster readiness and emergency response work.

A team of dedicated, certified, and seasoned business continuity professionals work with all lines of business to help ensure that Business Continuity Plans are current, comprehensive, and effective.

Critical operations, processes, and services across the enterprise are identified along with criticality ratings, risks, gaps, and potential impacts of a service disruption.

Process, criticality, and risk reviews are conducted on a regular basis.

T Mobile’s Executive Management receives a quarterly risk report inclusive of the efforts and status of the Enterprise Continuity Program.

The Enterprise Continuity Program is also reviewed and approved by leadership on an annual basis.

T Mobile reported 108,719,000 wireless customers at the end of 2021.

A customer is generally defined as a SIM number with a unique T Mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue.

Customers are qualified either for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, wearables, DIGITS, or other connected devices, which include tablets and SyncUP products, where they generally pay after receiving service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance of receiving service.

Our postpaid customers include customers of T Mobile.

Our prepaid customers include customers of T Mobile and Metro by T Mobile.

T Mobile does not have customers who contract with us for fixed line phone services as outlined by the standard.

T Mobile reported 646,000 High Speed Internet customers at the end of 2021.

T Mobile does not currently report this information.