2022  
SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT

CATERPILLAR’S ENVIRONMENTAL,  
SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE APPROACH

April 28, 2023

CONTENTS

Executive Summary
2 
3 
4 
5 
7 

Chairman & CEO Letter
Sustainability Disclosure Milestones
2022 Sustainability Highlights
2030 Goals & Progress
Chief Sustainability  
Officer Message 

Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future
9 
10 

Our Role in the Energy Transition
 Helping Our Customers Build a 
Better, More Sustainable World 
Supporting a Circular Economy
Understanding Our Scope 3 Emissions
Reducing Carbon in Our Operations

14 
18 
20 

Returning People Home Safely
22 
23 

Employee Safety
Customer Safety

52 
53 
65 

The Power of Everyone
25 

Developing Our People &  
Their Potential
Health & Well-Being
Employee Experience

27 
28 

Our Values in Action
30 
31 
34 
35 
36 
37 
38 
39 

Corporate Governance
Shareholder Engagement
Ethics & Integrity
Political Engagement  
Risk Management
Responsible Sourcing
Human Rights
 Beyond Caterpillar: Investing  
in Our Communities

Reporting
42 
43 
49 
51 

About This Report
ESG Data & Endnotes
Independent Assurance Statement 
Prioritization & Management of  
ESG Issues
SASB Index
GRI Index
Forward-Looking Statements 

 1  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

CORPORATE PROFILE

With 2022 sales and revenues of $59.4 billion, Caterpillar Inc.  
is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and  
mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, 
industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. For nearly 
100 years, we’ve been helping customers build a better, more 
sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a 
reduced-carbon future. Our innovative products and services, 
backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value 
that helps customers succeed. Caterpillar does business on 
every continent, principally operating through three primary 
segments — Construction Industries, Resource Industries and 
Energy & Transportation — and providing financing and related 
services through our Financial Products segment.

 
 
 
 2  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

CHAIRMAN & 
CEO LETTER 

With nearly a century of sustainable 
innovation, Caterpillar has a legacy of 
providing products and services that 
continually improve the quality of life  
and the environment by helping our 
customers fulfill society’s need for 
infrastructure in a sustainable way. The 
world is transitioning toward a lower-
carbon future, and Caterpillar supports 
efforts to mitigate climate change.  
We are making significant progress to 
reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
from our operations, and our customers 
rely on Caterpillar to provide a diverse 
portfolio of products, services and 
solutions that lower GHG emissions, 
improve efficiency and productivity,  
and deliver energy flexibility.

As a leading global equipment and 
services provider, we believe the energy 
transition expands opportunities for 
profitable growth in a variety of ways. For 
example, we are helping our customers 
meet accelerating mined commodity 
demand and our products and services 
help address rising global energy demand 
for renewables and many traditional forms 
of energy. The growing momentum of  
the energy transition will also require 
significant global infrastructure 
investment while expanding Caterpillar’s 
services opportunities.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader for 
nearly a century, and we continue to invest 
to meet the needs of our diverse global 
customer base. We are increasing our 
investments in autonomy, alternative fuels, 
connectivity and digital, and electrification 
(AACE). We will continue to invest more in 
AACE as we work with our customers to 
help them achieve their sustainability 
objectives. You can read about our expanded 
portfolio of fully electric, fuel-flexible and 
fuel-efficient products in this report.

We continue to be transparent about our  
goals, progress and innovations and remain 
committed to demonstrating shareholder 
responsiveness. This is illustrated through the 
publication of our inaugural Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
report and disclosure of our Scope 3 use of 
sold products emissions.

Our commitment to a reduced-carbon future 
extends to our public policy efforts as we 
advocate for a thoughtful approach to 
identifying and advancing policies that support 
our customers during the energy transition. 
More information is available in our 2022 
Lobbying Report: The Purpose of Engagement, 
which we plan to issue annually.

Caterpillar’s Values in Action are the foundation 
for our work, guiding us on our sustainability 
journey. Through the Caterpillar Foundation, 
we have engaged in sustainable infrastructure 
programs, workforce development and 
disaster relief in 40 countries. We were proud 
to celebrate the Foundation’s 70th anniversary 
of helping build resilient communities.

We believe the energy transition and growing global energy demand present 
significant growth opportunities for Caterpillar. Our global team, together with the 
Cat® dealer network, is committed to enabling a reduced-carbon future as we 
advance the products, services and solutions that help our customers build  
a better, more sustainable world.

Jim Umpleby
Chairman & CEO

EXECUTIVE SUMMARYEXECUTIVE SUMMARY

 3  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

SUSTAINABILITY 
DISCLOSURE 
MILESTONES

Caterpillar committed to its shareholders to provide three new disclosures in 2023. In addition to these commitments, 
in response to shareholder engagement gathered throughout last year, we provided an additional, new lobbying 
report to further enhance transparency through our disclosures. 

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
The TCFD Report aligns with the 11 recommended disclosures of the TCFD and summarizes how we 
govern our strategy to address climate-related risks and opportunities and support customers in the  
energy transition. 

Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
This report includes our first disclosure of Scope 3 emissions data for Category 11, use of sold products.

ESG Incorporated into Incentive Plan for Executive Officers
As described in our 2023 Proxy Statement, we incorporated environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
into our 2022 incentive plan for executive officers. 

Lobbying Report: The Purpose of Engagement
The lobbying report provides greater transparency and disclosure of our advocacy efforts and political 
engagements, including Climate Lobbying, as well as a description of the oversight and management of 
these activities. 

 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

 4  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

33%

reduction in Scope 1 + 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions from 2018

17%

improvement in recordable 
injury frequency from 2018

14

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
building community, belonging 
and experiences to support 
development

nearly $900M 

invested by the Caterpillar 
Foundation over the last 70 years

All data represents 2022, unless otherwise noted.

100%

of new products introduced 
reduced waste, improved design 
for rebuild/remanufacturing, 
lowered emissions or improved 
efficiency from the previous 
generation

140M lbs 

of material taken back 
through Cat Reman

Successful demonstration of  

first battery 
electric

793 large mining truck prototype, 
complementing our innovative 
portfolio of products and services 
designed to help our customers 
achieve their climate-related goals 

2022 
SUSTAINABILITY 
HIGHLIGHTS

2030 GOALS & PROGRESS 

 5  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Operations Energy & Emissions 

Operations Water 

Operations Waste

 GOAL: We have set a science-
based Scope 1 and 2 goal to 
reduce absolute greenhouse 
gas emissions from our 
operations by 30% from 2018 
to 2030.

GOAL: Implement water 
management strategies at 
100% of facilities located in 
water high-risk areas by 2030.

GOAL: Reduce landfill  
intensity by 50% from  
2018 to 2030.

33%  

reduction in absolute greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions from 2018

14%  

facilities achieved goal of water strategy 
implementation

36%  

reduction in landfill intensity from 2018

Progress:
• 

 Implementing energy/GHG reduction 
initiatives at our facilities
 Improving operational efficiency of our  
global footprint
 Reduced our direct (Scope 1) emissions  
by nearly 21% from our 2018 base year

• 

• 

Progress:
• 

• 

 Continued progress in our second year  
of implementing water management 
strategies at our facilities in water 
high-risk areas
 While 14% of our impacted facilities 
have implemented all 9 of the required 
management elements, over 40% of all 
management elements have been 
completed by in-scope facilities

Progress:
• 

• 

 Increased the percent of non-metals 
recycled at our facilities by 34% in 2022 
from our baseline year of 2018
 In addition to reducing the landfill intensity 
of our operations, we have also reduced 
our overall waste (recycled and landfilled 
materials) intensity by 16% compared to 
our 2018 base year by focusing on waste 
reduction, recycling and improved 
operational efficiency

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 
 6  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

2030 GOALS & PROGRESS CONTINUED

Product Emissions & Energy Efficiency

Remanufacturing

Employee Health & Safety

Customer Safety

GOAL: 100% of Caterpillar’s  
new products through 2030  
will be more sustainable than  
the previous generation through 
collaborating with customers, 
reduced waste, improved design 
for rebuild/remanufacturing, lower 
emissions or improved efficiency. 

GOAL: Increase sales and 
revenues from remanufacturing 
offerings by 25% from 2018  
to 2030.

GOAL: We aspire to prevent all 
injuries and will further our  
industry-leading safety results  
by reducing recordable injury  
frequency (RIF) by 50% from  
2018 to 2030.

GOAL: Provide leadership in the  
safety of people who work in, on  
and around our products

100%  

new products introduced in 2022 were more 
sustainable than previous generations

19%  

increase in sales and revenues from 
remanufactured products from 2018

17%  

improvement in recordable injury frequency  
from 2018

Progress: 
• 

• 

 All of the more than 50 new products in 
2022 satisfied the goal criteria
 Reduced emissions with four battery electric 
machine prototypes: the Cat® 301.9 mini 
excavator, 320 medium excavator, 950 GC 
medium wheel loader and 906 compact 
wheel loader 

•   Improved fuel efficiency through products 

• 

such as Progress Rail’s first hybrid 
intermediate power EMD® GT38H 
locomotives, to be delivered in 2023
 Delivered performance and eliminated 
exhaust emissions with the R1700 XE 
battery electric underground loader and 
mobile MEC500 charger

• 

Progress: 
•  140 million pounds of material taken back  
for remanufacturing through Cat Reman1
 Cat Reman1 introduced 28% more 
remanufactured products in 2022 than in 
2021 to support sustainability and total 
cost of ownership initiatives
 Remanufacturing produces 65-87% less 
GHG process emissions as compared to 
manufacturing new parts2

• 

1.  Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, 
Caterpillar Energy Solutions and Caterpillar Defense.
2.  Represents U.S. environmental impacts comparing “gate-

to-gate” remanufacturing and manufacturing processes for 
engines and components. Based on 2018 external study of 
Cat engines, alternators and turbochargers. Does not include 
impacts elsewhere in our value chain.

Progress: 
• 

• 

• 

 Engaged our employees in developing 
solutions to improve their own daily work 
and send everyone home safely every day 
 Amplified focus on new hire safety 
training and mentorship to manage risk
 Implemented a Safety Dashboard that 
provides robust, real-time safety data for  
the benefit of employees and leaders 
informing their safety focus with facts  
and data

Progress: 
• 

• 

• 

 Provided safety counseling for 10,500+ 
customer employees
 Supported 150+ customers in multiple 
industries to develop leaders and improve 
safety culture
 Developed common master disconnect  
for future Cat machines and gensets  
to increase speed and consistency to  
lock machine during maintenance or 
emergency incident

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

 7  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY  
OFFICER MESSAGE 

Building a better, more  
sustainable world
It has been my privilege to spend the last two 
decades collaborating with Caterpillar teams 
to advance and expand products, services and 
solutions for our customers. We continue to 
further our commitment to sustainability, a 
journey that has included making it one of  
Our Values in Action as part of our Code of 
Conduct and formalizing it as a key area of 
focus in our enterprise strategy. In 2023,  
I was honored to become Caterpillar’s Chief 
Sustainability Officer, along with my position  
as senior vice president of Caterpillar’s Large 

Power Systems Division. This is an exciting 
time to step into the role as we continue  
to support our customers on their 
sustainability journey. 

Innovation and integration are two of the 
things we do best at Caterpillar. We are 
leveraging these strengths to provide 
innovative products, technologies and  
services that help our customers meet  
their climate-related objectives. Additionally, 
we are supporting our customers throughout 
the energy transition as they build a better, 
more sustainable world.

In support of our long-standing commitment  
to sustainability, we continuously strive for 
increased transparency. This year, we will 
begin disclosing our Scope 3 use of sold 
products emissions. We have also aligned 
with the TCFD framework as another step in 
identifying, analyzing and managing our 
climate-related opportunities and risks. This 
complements the robust risk management 
strategy we have in place and supports the 
strategic choices we are making today to 
create profitable growth for tomorrow. 

Supporting a lower-carbon future, returning 
people home safely, demonstrating Our 
Values in Action and reporting for increased 
transparency are the key topics highlighted  
in our 2022 Sustainability Report. I invite  
you to read about the actions we are taking  
to continue to build on our legacy of  
providing products and services that  
advance sustainable progress and improve 
standards of living.

Dr. Lou Balmer-Millar
Chief Sustainability Officer

AWARDS & RECOGNITION
Business
Dow Jones Sustainability  
North America Indices 
23 years 

S&P Global 
2022 Sustainability Yearbook 

Newsweek 
America’s Most Responsible Companies 2023 (#294)  
Most Trusted Companies (#7)

Interbrand 
Best Global Brands (#83) 

Wall Street Journal 

Best Managed Companies of 2022 (#29)

Barron’s 

2023 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies (#74) 

Workplace
Forbes Magazine 
World’s Best Employers 2022 (#116) 
America’s Best Employers 2022 (#289) 
America’s Best Employers by State 2022 
Best Employers for Veterans 2022 (#83) 
Global 2000, 2022 (#139) 
Mexico’s Best Employers (#6)

Human Rights Campaign Foundation 
Corporate Equality Index 2022 (75%) 
Equidad MX 2023, top major Mexican businesses 
and multinationals for LGBT workplace inclusion, 
Caterpillar Nuevo Laredo 

5 Stars Award
Best Company To Work For in Brazil, “Large” Category

United Way Worldwide
Global Corporate Leadership Program

Fortune Magazine
World’s Most Admired Companies (#102)  
Fortune 500 (#78)

Financial Times
Europe’s Diversity Leaders (#610)

 8  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Supporting a 
Lower-Carbon 
Future

Caterpillar supports the goals of the Paris Agreement to 
limit global temperature rise, and we are committed and 
contributing to a reduced-carbon future. We demonstrate 
our commitment in many ways, including through significant 
progress in reducing GHG emissions from our operations. 
We are helping our customers achieve their climate-related 
goals by continuing to invest in new products, technologies 
and services that facilitate fuel flexibility, increased operational 
efficiency and reduced emissions. We updated our enterprise 
strategy to include sustainability as a strategic focus area, together 
with operational excellence, expanded offerings and services — 
given the opportunities presented by the energy transition and our 
work to help our customers achieve their climate-related objectives.

2022 Highlights

25+ years of mining autonomously 
with over 5 billion tonnes of 
material moved and about 30% 
improvement in productivity

19% increase in sales and 
revenues from remanufactured 
products from 2018

Transforming Tucson Proving 
Ground into a working mine site  
of the future

 
OUR ROLE IN THE  
ENERGY TRANSITION

The energy transition is one of the world’s challenges, but one that presents numerous opportunities. This is especially true  
for Caterpillar, as we develop products and services designed to support the energy transition and growing energy demand.

 9  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Building Infrastructure
Our construction 
equipment helps build 
the infrastructure for 
the energy transition. 
Our mining equipment 
supports the increased 
demand in critical 
materials, such as copper, 
lithium, nickel and cobalt, 
required for electric 
vehicles, battery storage, 
wind and solar power, 
and grid modernization 
and stability. 

Enhancing Energy 
Reliability 
Increasing renewable 
power in electric grids 
creates opportunities 
for distributed power 
generation. Customers 
utilize our reciprocating 
engine generator sets and 
gas turbines to support 
electric grid stability.

Optimizing Natural Gas
Natural gas is expected to play an 
important role in the transition to 
renewable energy. Our reciprocating 
engines and gas turbines are widely used 
across the globe in upstream natural gas 
production and transmission.

Increasing Alternative Fuels
We offer machines and engines that are 
capable of operating on alternative fuels such 
as hydrogen, biogas, hydrotreated vegetable  
oil (HVO) and biodiesel, while continuing to  
develop technologies for the future.

Read our CLIMATE & 
ENERGY STATEMENT

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 10  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

HELPING OUR CUSTOMERS BUILD A 
BETTER, MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD 

25+ YEARS OF MINING AUTONOMOUSLY

Using expertise gained from Caterpillar’s collaboration 
with customer Rio Tinto to develop the Cat 789 at 
its Gudai-Darri iron ore mine in Western Australia, 
Caterpillar introduced the fully autonomous Cat 777G 
water solutions truck in 2022. The 777G integrates  
a truck, tank and water delivery system with Cat 
technology to help manage the site with enhanced 
safety and productivity while using less water to 
control dust at mining and quarry sites. 

Alternative Fuels 
Fuel choice is one way that customers can reduce 
lifecycle GHG emissions today. Many Caterpillar 
products operate on lower-carbon intensity fuels, 
including biodiesel, renewable diesel and biogas. 
These fuels reduce lifecycle GHG emissions in the 
fuel value chain; GHG emissions at the tailpipe are 
essentially the same as traditional fuels.

For example, all Caterpillar diesel engines can 
operate on 100% HVO. This includes the Cat 
C-Series engines a Swedish commercial and 
industrial equipment supplier uses to power its 
mining and construction equipment. In 2022,  
the supplier completed testing its range of  
machines to confirm they can operate with  
HVO without modifications to the engines or  
the fuel tanks. 

5B+
tonnes  
moved

14 
customers

25 
sites

0 
lost-time 
injuries

~30% productivity 

improvement

202M+ 
kilometers of 
autonomous 
driving

3 
continents 
with 24/7 
operations

Now more than ever, our customers rely on us to 
provide diverse products, services and technology 
that help lower GHG emissions, improve efficiency 
and productivity and deliver energy flexibility. We 
are here to support our customers’ needs in their 
sustainability journey. 

Over the past 20 years, we have invested more than 
$30 billion in R&D to deliver best-in-class innovation, 
including autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity 
and digital, and electrification (AACE) technologies. 
We integrate the energy technologies developed by  
our Energy & Transportation (E&T) segment into 
machines manufactured by our Resource Industries 
(RI) and Construction Industries (CI) segments, 
providing an advantage to our customers as we  
help them achieve their objectives. Going forward, 
we will continue to invest in these areas as we  
work with customers to help further their 
sustainability objectives. 

Autonomous Technology
Caterpillar leads the industry in autonomy. We have 
the largest autonomous truck fleet in the world, with 
over 580 machines and more launching every year. 
Autonomy drives operations consistency for our 
customers — resulting in zero reported lost-time 
injuries, productivity improvement of up to 30%  
over staffed fleets, enhancing fuel efficiency, and 
reducing associated GHG emissions. Today, our 
autonomous portfolio goes beyond haul trucks to 
include water trucks, drills, dozers, wheel loaders 
and underground loaders — all of which can be 
operated remotely from thousands of miles away. 

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTUREIn addition, Caterpillar engines operating  
on natural gas blended with up to 100% 
hydrogen are being demonstrated in  
power generation projects today; turbines 
can operate on up to 100% hydrogen. 
These and other projects are helping  
to demonstrate the viability of potential  
fuel sources like hydrogen while the 
infrastructure to support availability of 
renewable hydrogen is being developed. 

In the maritime industry, we’re committed to 
supporting our customers’ climate-related 
objectives through methanol-powered 
solutions, which are efficient, cost-effective, 
and meet Caterpillar fuel standards.

Accordingly, Caterpillar Marine joined the 
Green Maritime Methanol consortium in 
2022, teaming up with other companies to 

2030  
Goal 

100% of new Caterpillar  
products through 2030 will be 
more sustainable than the previous 
generation through collaborating 
with customers, reduced waste, 
improved design for rebuild/
remanufacturing, lower emissions 
or improved efficiency.

100%

new products introduced in 2022 
were more sustainable than 
previous generations

streamline the adoption of methanol as a 
maritime transport fuel. Green methanol, an 
important candidate as a future fuel for the 
shipping industry, is easily stored aboard ships 
and can provide lower carbon intensity. 

Caterpillar’s investment in lean burn natural  
gas technology, microgrid controls, and energy 
storage has provided our customers flexibility  
to utilize alternative energy technologies and the 
opportunity for customers to reduce their carbon 
footprint. Exploration drilling has historically been 
powered by diesel or dynamic gas blending 
(DGB) technology, which consumes diesel and 
natural gas. Now with a fully integrated solution, 
Caterpillar can provide customers with a 100% 
natural gas solution, combining the best from its 
lean burn engines and microgrid technologies. 
Drilling rigs powered by Cat natural gas 
generators, such as the G3512, paired with  
an energy storage system provide customers  
with the same industry leading responsiveness 
experienced with Cat diesel engines. The 
benefits include a reduction of up to 80% nitric 
oxide, 11% CO2, and up to 30% engine runtime. 
With the ability to run on field gas, this gas 
hybrid solution can reduce the need for flaring 
while creating a fuel cost savings of up to 85% 
and reducing operational GHG emissions.

Connectivity
For more than 20 years, Caterpillar has been 
connecting machines and using telematics  
to create machine insights. The data from  
1.4 million connected assets helps  
customers operate their fleets more  
efficiently to optimize productivity and  
conserve resources such as fuel. 

 11  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

SUSTAINABLY POWERING AN INDUSTRY PIONEER AT SEA

When in search of ways to sustainably provide seafood in the future, it makes 
sense to do so in a manner that minimizes the operation’s environmental 
footprint. This is why California-based Pacific6 Enterprises has turned to 
Caterpillar Marine to pilot a parallel battery hybrid propulsion system for a 
first-of-its-kind aquaculture farming vessel. Powered by a Cat C18 engine,  
this next-generation hybrid architecture boat will leverage proven electrical 
systems and integrated components from Caterpillar’s construction and 
mining product lines. 

The vessel will be equipped with 961 kWh  
of battery capacity, supplied by Caterpillar  
to help enable zero-exhaust emissions when 
operating solely on battery power in both  
farming operations and port departure and entry. 
Caterpillar Marine also will provide the complete 
integration of the hybrid propulsion system, 
reducing the number of installed diesel engines 
from two to one. 

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 
BIG PROJECT, BIG BENEFITS

A large-scale project high in the Austrian Alps demonstrates the role  
of Cat construction machines in supporting the energy transition.  
The Kuhtai Dam project is Europe’s largest current construction  
site, carries a $1 billion price tag and spans two 3,000-meter-high 
mountains. When complete in 2026, the dam will store more than  
33 million cubic meters of water that will power a hydroelectric plant  
to provide a significant amount of renewable energy for the region. 

It’s a job for which Cat machines are uniquely suited, based on prior 
deployments at high altitudes and in even colder mining conditions. 
Caterpillar and Cat dealer Zeppelin worked closely with the customer  
to cover every detail and special need: from ensuring that all 16 new 
machines arrived at the site in a timely manner to modifying the 
equipment to accommodate the mountainous terrain to deploying  
fast fueling technology. 

 12  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

We added to our software portfolio in 2022 with 
the acquisition of Tangent Energy Solutions, 
which provides customers turnkey solutions for 
reducing energy costs, monetizing electric grid 
support, and providing resiliency for customer 
operations. Tangent Energy’s proprietary 
software solutions monitor patterns from grid 
and client facilities, analyze opportunities in 
energy markets, and dispatch resources to 
maximize returns without disrupting normal 
business operations. 

Electrification 
Caterpillar is committed to delivering robust 
electrified products and solutions for our 
customers. We are gaining valuable experience 
from our initial introductions of battery-powered 
equipment and the additional battery-powered 
machines and chargers under development will 
help our customers achieve their climate-related 
objectives. Electric drivetrains and hybrid 
powertrains employ an electric drive transmission 
with power components to improve energy 
efficiency and productivity. The Cat D11 XE4 
dozer, for example, harnesses the power and 
efficiency of an electric drive. Now in full 
production, the dozer’s electric drive system 
provides constant power to the ground with 
continuous pushing and greater maneuverability, 
leading to faster cycle times and improved fuel 
efficiency compared to previous models.

For mining customers, the electric Cat 
R1700 XE LHD offers 100% battery 
electric propulsion, producing zero-
exhaust emissions and significantly 
less heat than a reciprocating engine 
powered model for underground mining 
operations. The new underground LHD 
supports customers seeking reduced-
carbon opportunities. 

Caterpillar designed batteries can power a variety 
of industrial applications. Numerous products 
using electrification are currently in development, 
including 48V, 300V, and 600V batteries and  
four battery electric machine prototypes — the 
301.9 mini excavator, 320 medium excavator,  
950 GC medium wheel loader and 906 compact 
wheel loader. The machines are powered by Cat 
battery prototypes and include an onboard AC 
charger. The lithium-ion battery range features a 
modular design that offers flexible configurations 
across multiple applications. The batteries are 
engineered to be scalable to industry and 
customer performance needs and maximize 
sustainability throughout their lifecycle, including 
recycle and reuse at the end of life.

Regulatory Compliance 
In addition to investments in new technologies  
to support the energy transition, we’re committed 
to ensuring traditionally powered machines  
and equipment are as efficient as possible and 
compliant with stringent emissions regulations. 
Caterpillar provides U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) Tier 4 Final, European Union (EU) 
Stage V or equivalent products in North America, 
Europe, and select regions around the world. 
These products provide up to a 90% reduction  
in emissions (nitrogen oxides and particulate 
matter) compared to U.S. EPA Tier 3 or EU Stage 
IIIA emission standards. Product improvements 
in each segment provide customers with 
cost-saving benefits of improved fuel efficiency  
and fuel flexibility. Modular offerings allow 
customization of products to optimize technology.

To learn about more product highlights 
and recent announcements, see our 
sustainability news.

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 
 
  
 13  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

WHERE THE FUTURE OF MINING IS NOW 

In support of the energy transition, Caterpillar  
is investing to transform our Tucson Proving 
Ground, located in Green Valley, Arizona, into a 
working, sustainable “mine site of the future” by 
installing and utilizing a variety of renewable 
energy sources. The objective is to implement 
the same sustainability solutions that mining 
companies will use at their own operations and 
learn firsthand what it takes to run an electrified 
mine site and effectively support customers 
through the energy transition.

The transformation of the Tucson Proving Ground 
allows us to better demonstrate our energy 
transition commitments and serve as an advisor 
to customers as we navigate the integration of 
new technologies together. The site will leverage 
a variety of renewable power sources, including 
wind and solar, capable of powering the facility 
and its products as they become electrified. In 
addition, the transformation of the facility will 
serve as a learning platform for optimizing 
charging and energy management integration.

BATTERY ELECTRIC MINING  
TRUCK ACCELERATED  
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY 

Caterpillar demonstrated its first battery electric 793 large mining truck prototype in 2022 as part of a growing portfolio of 
innovative electrified solutions with support from key mining customers participating in Caterpillar’s Early Learner program.  
The program focuses on accelerating the development and validation of Cat battery electric trucks at participating customers’ 
sites. This approach supports the climate-related objectives of the program’s participants, including BHP, Freeport-McMoRan, 
Newmont Corporation, Rio Tinto and Teck Resources Limited. A primary objective of the program is for Caterpillar to collaborate 
more closely with customers as the industry undergoes transformational change through the energy transition.

PROTOTYPE

EARLY LEARNER

PILOT

PRODUCTION

2022

2024

2025

2027+

•  Machine technical feasibility 
•  Validate technical assumptions

•  Product and technology validation
•  Refine requirements
•  Process development

•  Fleet optimization
•  Validate production intent
Infrastructure learnings
• 

•  Full production capabilities
•  Site integration

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 14  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Cat® Reman  
Product Lifecycle

SUPPORTING 
A CIRCULAR 
ECONOMY

Caterpillar products are built to be rebuilt. They  
are designed to withstand heavy-duty operating 
conditions and to be restored and used for  
multiple lifecycles, reducing the need for  
raw materials and associated GHG emissions. 
Designing products and components to be used 
throughout multiple service lifecycles is the 
essence of our remanufacturing approach  
across multiple products and brands.

Remanufacturing

Goal

Increase sales and revenues from 
remanufacturing offerings by 25% 
from 2018 to 2030.

19%

increase in sales and revenues from 
remanufactured products from 2018

Data includes remanufacturing offerings  
provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar 
Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions and 
Caterpillar Defense.

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 15  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

In March 1973, Caterpillar established  
itself as the first company in the United 
States (U.S.) with its own diesel truck 
engine remanufacturing plant and released 
the first direct injection truck engine from 
its assembly line. Prior to that, an aging 
diesel truck engine in the United States  
was usually replaced with a new one after  
it passed the 120,000-mile mark. That 
changed, thanks to Caterpillar. In the years 
following, the Cat Reman product line 
expanded to encompass most of the 
industries Caterpillar serves today. Less 
energy and material are needed because we 
don’t have to harvest and assemble all the 
raw material required for new. We’re 
starting with core parts that can be reused 
— not manufacturing a completely new part. 
Rather, the remanufacturing process uses 
the existing resource to build it back to 
like-new condition. 

Through Cat Reman:1 
140M

pounds of material taken  
back in 2022

Sustainability Benefits of Remanufacturing:3 
65-87%

less greenhouse gas  
process emissions 

89%

end-of-life eligible returns collected2

80-90%

less new materials used4 

65-87%

less process energy use 

1.   Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense. 
2.   Represents Cat Reman customers’ end-of-life components (“core”) returned to Caterpillar by dealers, as a percentage of core returned plus unreturned core eligible for credit no later than 2022.
3.    Represents U.S. environmental impacts comparing “gate-to-gate” remanufacturing and manufacturing processes for engines and components. Based on 2018 external study of Cat engines,  

alternators and turbochargers. Does not include impacts elsewhere in our value chain.

4.   By weight.

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 16  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Progress Rail 
Progress Rail extends the use of existing locomotives 
by providing rebuild, overhaul and repower options. 
These modernization programs upgrade electrical  
and mechanical systems and other components  
to extend locomotive life by 10 years or more with 
appropriate maintenance. We also offer reconditioning 
or repair services for freight cars and a wide range of 
components, ensuring value-added returns are available 
for customers and reducing annual maintenance costs. 
When locomotives and railcars finally reach the end  
of their usable lives, they can be recycled for other  
uses through Progress Rail’s scrap management 
services. We also provide rail take-up and inspection 
services, including grading of previously used rail that is 
then recycled, repurposed for other non-rail uses, or 
relayed into track. In 2022, Progress Rail processed 
about 70,000 gross tons of material from its scrap 
management services.

Solar Turbines 
Solar Turbines remanufactures turbine components  
to support the overhaul business. Through advanced 
remanufacturing processes, components are returned 
to like-new condition. Once components have been 
certified, they are used in major assemblies and 
integrated into the overhaul engine exchange fleet.  
This allows customers to exchange their engines in 
days rather than months of downtime. A similar  
process is used to remanufacture our gas  
compressor components.

The exchange equipment is tested and certified to the 
same performance and emission specifications as new 
equipment and may receive the latest enhancements  
and design improvements, as required. Solar continues  
to expand remanufacturing capabilities and invest in 
condition-based engineering, which allows for more finite 
determination of remaining useful life. Condition-based 
engineering improves remanufactured content and extends 
overhaul cycles while ensuring quality at every step.

The company has made significant investments in internal 
repair and remanufacturing capability. Additionally, Solar 
partners with its suppliers to remanufacture and extend 
the life of various turbomachinery components. As a 
result, Solar’s remanufactured content has grown steadily 
over the years and provides significant support to 
overhauled turbomachinery equipment worldwide. The 
company also continues to invest in facilities around the 
world to expand capabilities with the goal of reducing 
transportation and providing a faster customer response.

1.   Terms and core acceptance criteria apply 

Cat Reman 
Cat equipment is built to last. It is designed to withstand 
heavy-duty operating conditions and to be restored and used 
for multiple lifecycles. Cat Reman gives materials a new life, 
delivers sustainability benefits to our customers and helps 
Caterpillar contribute to the circular economy. Caterpillar has 
been remanufacturing for 50 years of our nearly 100 years in 
business. Today, remanufacturing is at the heart of our strategy 
to help customers build a better, more sustainable world.

When a component reaches the end of its initial serviceable  
life, a dealer can return the used component, or core, to 
Caterpillar. That core is cleaned, inspected, salvaged and 
remanufactured to original factory quality and performance 
specifications. This includes any relevant engineering updates. 
Cat Reman uses state-of-the art salvage techniques, strict reuse 
guidelines, and advanced remanufacturing processes and 
quality controls to ensure that remanufactured products 
provide like-new performance, coupled with a same-as-new 
warranty. That means when a customer purchases a Cat Reman 
product, they’re getting an affordable, accessible product that 
performs like new — and one they can say supports a circular 
economy. Their total cost of ownership can be lower, too, after a 
qualifying core return and core deposit refund.1

We work together throughout our primary segments —  
CI, RI and E&T — to expand the enterprise’s offerings to our 
customers, lower their costs and provide quick turnarounds. 
Remanufacturing is a true “win-win” for both our customers  
and the company.

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 17  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Cat Certified Rebuild 
In the same spirit as Cat Reman, Cat Certified  
Rebuild programs increase the lifespan of  
equipment by providing customers with product 
updates at a fraction of the cost of buying a new 
machine, enabling us to extend the life of materials.  
A complete Cat Certified Rebuild includes more than 
350 tests and inspections, automatic replacement or 
reconditioning of approximately 7,000 parts, and a 
like-new machine warranty. Trained dealer service 
professionals perform rebuild work using genuine 
parts while incorporating the latest engineering 
updates. Caterpillar provides information, data, training 
and service tools to help dealers decide which parts  
to reuse to achieve the expected longevity of rebuilt 
components. Since 1985, Caterpillar and Cat dealers 
have rebuilt more than 43,000 machines, powertrains 
and components. 

Caterpillar Energy Solutions X-Change 
The X-Change program is a parts replacement program 
for medium and large MWM and Cat branded engines 
and a great example of circular economy principles. By 
remanufacturing and selling X-Change parts, engines and 
gensets, customers benefit from quick and cost-effective 
overhauls and repair services, maximizing uptime. The 
replaced parts that reached the initial serviceable 
lifetime are returned to Caterpillar Energy Solutions  
where they are cleaned, disassembled, inspected and 
remanufactured to like-new condition. Technology 
updates that could potentially reduce emissions and 
increase efficiency and reliability are included.

Caterpillar Defense 
Supporting U.S. and allied military forces and 
governmental agencies worldwide, Caterpillar Defense 
responds to each operation’s individual needs for 
machines, engines, power generation, services and 
support, offering solutions that extend the lifecycle  
of products. Through the U.S. Military Service Life 
Extension Program (SLEP), Cat dealers give machines  
a complete second lifecycle at a fraction of new 
replacement cost. Caterpillar trained and qualified 
technicians conduct repairs on military bases and 
customize replacement parts for local needs. 

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 18  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Scope 3 Use of Sold Products GHG Emissions2

UNDERSTANDING OUR 
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS

Caterpillar is contributing to a reduced-carbon future by investing in new products, technologies and 
solutions to help our customers meet their climate-related objectives. We have committed that 100% 
of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation. Caterpillar 
will continue to support our diverse range of global customers while executing our strategy for 
long-term profitable growth. 

Caterpillar is represented by durable, reliable and innovative products. Many of our products are built 
to be rebuilt and our remanufacturing options deliver multiple sustainability benefits. By returning 
components at the end of their initial serviceable lives to like-new condition, we reduce waste and 
minimize the need for the raw material, energy and water to produce new parts.

Caterpillar utilizes guidance from the GHG Protocol to calculate Scope 3 GHG emissions. Our Scope 3 
emissions are estimated to be more than 95% of the company’s total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 
inventory.1 Given the company’s large, global customer base covering a diverse set of industries, 
including construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial 
gas turbines, diesel-electric locomotives, and others, Category 11 — use of sold  
products — is our largest Scope 3 category. The remaining fourteen categories  
of estimated Scope 3 emissions are either not relevant or are immaterial,  
representing collectively less than 5% of our total Scope 3 emissions. 

The five-year trend of Caterpillar’s estimated Scope 3 use of sold products  
emissions illustrates annual emissions at the enterprise level and by primary  
business segment — CI, RI and E&T — as well as the enterprise sales and  
revenues trend and emissions intensity (MT CO2e divided by enterprise sales  
and revenues). Most of Caterpillar’s emissions come from products with  
high-power output, high fuel consumption, high runtime and long product life.  
In some cases, product life extends decades through service life extension  
activities including rebuilds, remanufacturing and overhauls. 

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE  
    
  
    
 
    
  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 19  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

The impact of macroeconomic conditions  
on global markets, including the COVID-19 
pandemic, had an effect on enterprise 
emissions due to product mix changes and 
lower unit volume shipped in 2020 and 2021. 
Caterpillar’s sales and revenues reflect strong 
growth from 2020 through 2022, however, 
emissions remained essentially flat during 
this period, primarily due to product mix and 
volume changes across our portfolio. The 
resulting product mix change is dependent  
on market and customer trends, especially  
in certain emissions-intensive industries  
that changed significantly since 2019. As of 
the date of this report, Scope 3 use of sold 
products emissions are expected to increase 
in 2023 based on customer demand, as  
well as anticipated shifts in product mix  
and customer and business trends.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader  
for nearly a century. We have significant 
experience developing innovative technologies 
through consistent R&D investments intended 
to allow us to maintain technology leadership. 
Caterpillar remains committed to helping  
our customers achieve their climate-related 
objectives and providing long-term profitable 
growth for our shareholders. Today, for 
example, all gas turbines offered by Caterpillar 
can operate on hydrogen blends and some  
of these turbines can operate on 100% 
hydrogen. We also offer reciprocating 
generator sets capable of operating on 
hydrogen blends and the Cat G3516H gas 
generator set can be configured to use  
100% hydrogen. Our products can use an 

increasingly wide range of fuels, including 
renewable fuels, biodiesels, biogas, 
hydrogen blends and HVO. We also continue 
to invest in power sources that offer lower 
emissions without sacrificing performance. 
To support our customers’ climate-related 
objectives, Caterpillar offers modern engines 
and drive trains equipped with the latest 
technologies that improve fuel efficiency, 
reduce emissions and translate into cost 
savings for our customers.

Caterpillar is also committed to delivering 
robust electrified products and solutions  
for our customers. We are gaining valuable 
experience from our initial introductions  
of battery-powered equipment and additional 
battery-powered machines and chargers under 
development will help our customers achieve 

their climate-related objectives. Built on proven 
technology, the lithium-ion battery range 
features a modular design that offers flexible 
configurations across multiple applications.  
The batteries are engineered to be scalable to 
industry and customer performance needs  
and maximize sustainability throughout their 
lifecycle, including recycle and reuse at the  
end of life.

Caterpillar demonstrated our first battery 
electric 793 large mining truck prototype, 
operated fully loaded at its rated capacity  
in a live demonstration with key mining 
customers in November 2022. Our electric 
Cat R1700 XE LHD offers 100% battery 
electric propulsion, producing zero-exhaust 
emissions for underground mining operations. 
Our CI segment is expanding its product 
portfolio and displayed four battery-powered 
electric machines in October 2022. Our E&T 
segment has initiated numerous sustainability 
innovations covering a range of technologies 
through both organic and inorganic growth  
and development, including the acquisition  
of CarbonPoint Solutions, which provides 
customers access to carbon capture solutions. 
Caterpillar also offers Cat Energy Storage 
System, or ESS, a rapidly deployable electric 
power solution to help customers integrate 
multiple power sources on a worksite. Cat 
ESS can provide grid stabilization, transient 
assist and renewable energy storage. Learn 
more about Caterpillar’s sustainability-related 
product innovations and solutions.

Now more than ever, our customers rely on 
us to provide diverse products, services and 
technology that help lower GHG emissions, 
improve efficiency and productivity and 
deliver energy flexibility. The opportunities 
presented by the energy transition and our 
work to help our customers achieve their 
climate-related objectives led us to add 
sustainability as a focus area of Caterpillar’s 
enterprise strategy. We have committed  
that 100% of our new products through 
2030 will be more sustainable than the 
previous generation. Caterpillar will continue  
to support our diverse range of global 
customers while executing our strategy  
for long-term profitable growth.

SUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURESUPPORTING A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE

 20  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

REDUCING CARBON IN OUR OPERATIONS

We work to reduce GHG emissions in our 
operations while also minimizing water use 
and waste generation. Environmentally 
efficient operations align with our strategy  
for operational excellence across the 
enterprise. Guided by our enterprise 
sustainability goals, we have demonstrated 
progress and are committed to reaching  
our targets. 

Caterpillar manages hundreds of facilities 
worldwide and some of these operations, 
especially our manufacturing sites, are energy 
intensive. To reduce our energy consumption 
and our GHG emissions, we are improving 
energy efficiency, investing in renewable 
power generation technologies, and 
considering new solutions. Likewise, we are 
making other environmental improvements to 
conserve water by implementing best 

management practices, notably at facilities 
located in water-stressed regions, and 
managing waste through improved recycling 
and waste minimization activities. 

Our enterprise energy management team 
builds awareness, encourages action and 
develops improvements in energy efficiency 
and renewable power generation. These 
solutions include installing renewable energy 
technologies, such as photovoltaics (PV) or 
microgrid installations that combine PV with 
battery storage to supplement and offset 
electricity generated with diesel fuel at 
off-grid locations. One significant contribution 
to alternative energy consumption is the 
operation of combined heat and power (CHP) 
systems to power several manufacturing 
facilities. The energy management team 
evaluates opportunities for replication of CHP, 
PV and microgrids at other locations. We 
continue to assess new ways to upgrade 
systems and make facilities more efficient.

An example of energy innovation can be 
found at our facility in Lafayette, Indiana, 
which conducts endurance testing for many 
Cat products. Testing runs 24 hours a day to 
provide valuable data insights to improve our 
products, and the process produces large 
amounts of energy. Rather than waste this 
energy, our team at the facility has utilized 
Cat gensets to harness the energy and use it 
for supplemental facility power. This change is 
estimated to have resulted in more than 

114,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions 
avoided over the last five years. In addition to 
contributing to Caterpillar’s goal to reduce 
absolute GHG emissions from our operations 
by 30% from 2018 to 2030, this change has 
saved the facility more than $8.5 million.

EHS Management System 
We maintain high standards for 
environmental, health and safety (EHS) 
throughout the company. Caterpillar’s  
EHS Management System, documented  
in our EHS assurance manual, establishes 
foundational requirements and best 
management practices for all workplaces 
globally, including majority-owned 
subsidiaries and majority-owned joint 
ventures. Our facilities assess compliance 
with our requirements annually, and our  
EHS assessment team reviews those 
assessments while conducting more in-
depth audits of select facilities each year. 

Beyond meeting standard expectations, 
facilities implement initiatives to enhance 
safety, decrease energy use and increase 
productivity. As facilities evaluate potential 
environmental initiatives, they also consider 
annual investment required, total anticipated 
cost savings and average pay-back period.  
We invite facilities to report emissions 
reduction activities through internal  
awards and recognition processes.

Operations

Goals

We have set a science-based  
Scope 1 and 2 goal to reduce 
absolute greenhouse gas  
emissions from our operations  
by 30% from 2018 to 2030.

33%

reduction in absolute GHG 
emissions from 2018

Implement water management 
strategies at 100% of facilities 
located in water high-risk  
areas by 2030.

14%

facilities achieved the goal of  
water strategy implementation 

Reduce landfill intensity by  
50% from 2018 to 2030.

36%

reduction in landfill intensity  
from 2018

 21  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Returning 
People Home 
Safely

The safety and well-being of those who work in our facilities 
and those who work in, on and around our Caterpillar 
products is of the utmost importance for Caterpillar and one 
of the hallmarks of our operational excellence. 

2022 Highlights

17% improvement in recordable 
injury frequency from 2018

Strengthening Caterpillar’s 
safety-focused culture

Supporting customers, dealers 
and suppliers in their journey 
toward safety excellence

RETURNING PEOPLE HOME SAFELY

 22  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

EMPLOYEE 
SAFETY 

We relentlessly strive to ensure our workforce 
returns home safely every day. We contribute 
toward a global environment where people 
can live safe, healthy and productive lives. 
Safety is forefront in our strategic goals and 
metrics, with visible commitment and support 
of leadership. We believe the best way to 
drive a culture of safety excellence is to create 
an environment where each person and team 
is accountable for their own safety and the 
safety of those around them. Additionally, 
we nurture a culture of learning in which we 
continually enhance safety through training 
and experiences. 

Creating Accountability for Everyone 
We believe safety is both management and 
employee led. From practical expertise, our 
employees can create and champion their 
own safety improvements. We provide every 
employee, especially newly hired employees, 
with knowledge to perform their job safely, 
and leaders regularly receive training on 
safety compliance and setting an example 
for a strong safety culture. These actions help 
us manage risk while creating a culture 
focused on learning, speaking up and 
protecting those around us.

We track enterprise metrics and targets  
as well as individual business unit goals. 
Common enterprise targets create structure 

and accountability, while business unit 
strategies focus on safety culture to create 
opportunities for innovation. We drive clear 
accountability with our EHS management 
system, that establishes expectations 
worldwide. 

Safety Performance
We improved our recordable injury frequency 
(RIF) rate by 17% from our 2018 base year, 
although our performance declined by 7% in 
2022 from 2021. This performance came on 
the heels of the pandemic and during a 
period of rapid growth in our operations that 
included hiring a significant number of new 
employees. While we are proud of our 
progress, we are also deeply saddened that an 
employee suffered a fatal workplace injury at 
one of our facilities during the year. This 
incident highlights that safety must always 
remain our focus and further strengthens our 
safety resolve. 

Setting the Bar Higher 
As we pursue our 2030 goal, business  
unit leaders are engaged in our safety  
vision. We are strengthening Caterpillar’s 
safety focused culture, further enhanced  
by encouraging employee involvement in 
partnering with leaders to develop safety 
solutions. Feedback, problem solving 
dialogue and initiatives foster increased  
trust and collective ownership. Providing 
safety learning opportunities for our leaders, 
safety professionals and employees enhances 
our efforts. Our goal is challenging but is 
vitally important as we focus on the safety  
of our employees. 

IMPROVING ERGONOMICS IN INDIA

At our Caterpillar India Private Limited facility in Thiruvallur, a team including 
engineering, safety and management worked alongside our shop floor employees to 
improve ergonomics throughout the assembly processes. Through a variety of lifting 
tables and devices, we eliminated high-risk lifting activities. We also developed a 
governance dashboard to confirm the improvements are sustained. As a result, 
ergonomic risk decreased, efficiency improved and employees were engaged in 
enhancing the safety of their area.

MAKING ELECTRIC DRIVES, SAFELY

Introducing electric drives to construction 
machinery brings challenges in fire control, 
storage and emergency response. To support 
safe implementation, a cross-functional team 
from safety, purchasing, quality, logistics, 
operations and engineering developed a safety 
manual to guide the manufacturing process. 
The manual was developed using industry best 
practices, and the team conducted a pilot to 
enhance its effectiveness. 

Goal

We aspire to prevent all 
injuries and will further  
our industry-leading safety 
results by reducing RIF by 
50% from 2018 to 2030.

17%

improvement in recordable  
injury frequency from 2018

RETURNING PEOPLE HOME SAFELY

 23  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

CUSTOMER 
SAFETY 

Caterpillar’s commitment to safety goes beyond our 
employees and facilities. Caterpillar Safety Services provides 
coaching to customers at every stage in their journey toward 
safety excellence and change enablement. This team supports 
our dealers, suppliers and customers using cultural 
assessment tools, continuous improvement processes, risk 
management technology and a wealth of industry-focused 
safety resources. 

Human-Centered Change Management
Companies across the globe recognize the need for change 
management, and integrating it into their operating philosophies. 
A successful, people-centered change management process 
results in more engagement of the workforce, increased 
commitment to the cause, and enhanced performance.

Customer Safety 2030

Goal

Provide leadership in the safety of people 
who work in, on and around our products. 

SAFETY GOES TO THE FRONT LINE

Even companies with high safety performance must focus on continuous improvement. That is why a 
global leader in the construction and maintenance of transport infrastructure turned to Caterpillar Safety 
Services to enhance its safety culture. 

With the help of experts from Caterpillar Safety Services, the organization launched a Journey to Goal Zero 
as a corporate-wide safety program involving 5,000 employees. The approach was simple: make safety 
everyone’s responsibility. Through cross-functional rapid improvement workshops, they turned over 
control of safety to employees in the field, asking them to rebuild safety processes from the ground up 
based on their frontline knowledge. The other significant change: using positive recognition—rather than 
focusing on what’s wrong—to measure performance. 

On the other side of the transformation was an empowered team that began to take continuous 
improvement into their own hands—precisely what needed to happen to move from average to excellent.

 24  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

The Power  
of Everyone

At Caterpillar, we believe in The Power of Everyone as a source 
of innovation and competitive advantage. Our people come from 
across the globe, with diverse backgrounds, experiences and 
perspectives united by Our Values in Action. Our employees care 
deeply about our mission and purpose and play an important role 
in helping our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

2022 Highlights

Over 5,000 employees participated in 
professional development sessions on 
topics ranging from career development 
to thriving on a global team to inclusive 
leadership

More than 2.1 million training 
course completions

Nearly 42% of 2022 front-line 
leaders graduated from our 
refreshed by-invitation leadership 
development program

THE POWER OF EVERYONE

 25  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

DEVELOPING OUR PEOPLE 
& THEIR POTENTIAL 

Starting on day one, we encourage 
employees to focus on continuous 
learning so they can develop their 
skills and grow their career. We offer 
meaningful work in an inclusive 
environment with rewarding 
opportunities, growth and 
development throughout every  
phase in an employee’s career. 

We provide a variety of opportunities for 
learning and development because our 
employees learn in different ways:
•  Upskilling via formal classroom/virtual  
learning to build skills and capabilities  
so employees can continue to problem  
solve, innovate and meet the changing  

  needs of our customers. 
•  Experiential learning to create  
  opportunities for employees to learn  
  by doing, with real-time space to learn,  

fail and grow. 

•  Mentoring to accelerate interpersonal  
and professional development by  
  pairing employees up with someone  
  more experienced. 

In 2022, over 5,000 employees participated in  
professional development sessions on 
topics ranging from career development to  
thriving on a global team to inclusive 
leadership. With over 2.1 million course  
completions, our learning offerings continued 

to be an important resource for employees to 
grow their skills.

We hire high school, college and graduate  
students into roles that provide in-person  
or hybrid experiential learning opportunities to 
enhance their skills and develop hands-on  
knowledge of our business:
•  Hired over 2,000 early-career employees  
from 150 colleges and universities around  
the world. 

•  Hosted nearly 500 U.S.-based interns  
virtually and in person at the Edwards  
  Demonstration Center in Edwards, Illinois,  
 to grow business acumen and teach  
them about Caterpillar and the rewarding 
career opportunities we provide.

•  Half of the early career hires at Cat Digital  

are former interns.

We lay a strong foundation for the employee 
experience starting with the onboarding 
process. Our Strategic Procurement and 
Planning Division created a program to help 
new employees in the division define what 
success looks like for them. Through access  
to learning programs and networking 
opportunities, these employees have tools 
to help them perform today and upskill for 
the future.

We support employee development through 
our 14 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), 
where members have access to personal  

and professional growth opportunities. Our 
employees are also active in many external 
professional partnerships, technical societies 
and organizations focused on networking and 
growing skills. We’ve nearly doubled year-
over-year hiring in professional affiliations like 
the Society of Women Engineers, Society of 
Hispanic Professional Engineers, National 
Society of Black Engineers and the Thurgood 
Marshall College Fund.

Our goal to grow services was the focus  
of two development courses. Over 2,000 
attendees across the enterprise participated  
in the Commercial Acumen Program, 
enhancing our marketing, sales and product 

support employees’ understanding of our 
business segments with a focus on services 
growth. Our CI segment introduced a six-
week Services Learning Accelerator program 
to give employees a deeper understanding of 
how they can support our growth goals.

The Electric Power Division is helping 
employees develop a customer-centric 
mindset. More than 225 employees are 
building competency in consultative sales and 
embracing an owner’s mindset through a new 
sales excellence curriculum. The investment  
is helping grow services and adapt to a 
changing energy landscape.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 26  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

POSITIVE EMPLOYEE & 
LABOR RELATIONS

At Caterpillar, we respect freedom  
of association and where we have 
unions, works councils and other 
forms of employee representation, 
we always strive to have respectful, 
values based labor-management 
relationships. We also collectively 
bargain, inform and consult in good 
faith, fully complying with all 
country labor-management laws  
and standards. 

Additionally, we understand and 
respect that there are also employees 
who may prefer or choose not to be 
represented, and we have the same 
direct and positive relationship with 
them. Most important and through 
Our Values in Action, regardless  
of whether represented or non-
represented, we foster a positive 
employee relations environment built 
on trust, confidence and respect. 

Nearly 10,000 employees completed a new 
career planning and development course, 
where they learned how to discover  
career aspirations, hold meaningful career 
discussions with their manager and set 
development goals. We also launched a 
personalized digital platform, available in 60+ 
languages to provide enrolled employees with 
coaching on personal and professional goals.

To ready a new generation of leaders,  
we refreshed our by-invitation leadership 

development programs for front-line, mid-
level and executive leaders. Our programs 
focus on helping leaders develop skills like 
coaching, change management, effective 
communications, giving feedback, creating 
psychological safety and building an 
inclusive culture.

Our front-line leadership program focuses  
on core skills critical to developing leadership 
capability. Based on real-life challenges and 
opportunities, nearly 42% of front-line leaders 

completed a structured, four-month 
training that included on-demand and 
on-the-job exercises to maximize 
capability building.

Our success depends on having a  
pipeline of skilled talent at all levels of the 
organization. Through rigorous selection 
processes and relevant development, we 
ensure a deep bench of capable talent 
now and in the future.

THE POWER OF EVERYONEHEALTH & WELL-BEING

Our success as a company begins with 
our people. That’s why Caterpillar’s 
Total Rewards package is designed  
to keep our employees performing  
at their best at work, home and in  
their communities.

Our Total Health offerings nurture our whole 
selves, including programs for our physical, 
emotional and financial well-being, as well as 
opportunities to promote social health and a 
sense of purpose. 

Our Total Health Highlights campaigns increase 
knowledge of important health issues and 
encourage adopting healthy behaviors. Helpful 
resources are published online and delivered 
through our “Total Health Champions,” a global 
network of over 100 employee volunteers  
who share their passion for wellness. This  
team coordinates programs and events that 
emphasize the importance of good health, 
including quarterly health education and 
awareness campaigns customized to our 
employees’ needs. 

Our monthly U.S. financial health webinar 
series covers topics that help our employees 
budget, save, plan and invest for their futures. 
We also offered a Retirewise four-part series 
that provided hands-on ways our employees 
can get and stay on track financially. 

Our Total Rewards Package  
Promotes Overall Well-Being
Our commitment to health and well-being 
includes our employees and their families.

We offer a variety of benefits to both our full 
and part-time global workforce that extends 
to employees’ spouses, same-sex domestic 
partners and dependents. Benefits vary by 
country, but may include: 
•  Health care coverage, including medical,  
  prescription drug, dental, vision, and  
  preventive exams and testing
•  Tax-savings accounts, including flexible  
spending accounts, health savings  
accounts and commuter/parking/ 
transit accounts

•  Parental and adoption leave and  

infertility benefits

•  Life and disability insurance
•  Retirement savings plans
•  Time-off benefits, including vacation,  
  holidays and paid volunteer time
•  Additional voluntary benefits, such as  
accident insurance, legal services and  
identify theft

•  Employee Assistance Program

 27  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

2X 

employee participation in our 
monthly U.S. financial health 
webinars compared to 2021

20,000 

people accessed our Total Health 
website, which contains resources 
on physical and mental well-being 
related topics

Over 20,000 

employees across the globe attended at least one of  
360 training sessions through our Employee Assistance 
Program on mental well-being related topics

THE POWER OF EVERYONE 
 
 
 
 
 
THE POWER OF EVERYONE

 28  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE 

At Caterpillar, we are committed to continuous improvement. We believe feedback plays a big role 
in helping us improve, and we prioritize listening and taking action to create a culture where 
employees can do their best work. 

We care about the employee experience and seek to make 
it better. Each year, every employee is invited to participate 
in the confidential Employee Insights survey and provide 
their feedback and perspectives. 

We made important changes to our employee listening 
programs. The enhancements give leaders the insights they 
need to make better decisions about how to lead their 
teams and ways to effectively influence business 
outcomes through people. 

We know there are moments that matter throughout an 
employee’s career. Gathering insights from our new hires 
help us understand the onboarding experience. We gauge 
whether they feel welcome, have a sense of belonging and 
connection to the organization’s mission, have the tools 
and resources to enable them to do their job, and are proud 
to work here. 

Diversity & Inclusion
At Caterpillar, we are committed to fostering a  
diverse workforce and an inclusive environment,  
and believe that diversity and inclusion (D&I) is a  
journey, not a destination.

We are proud of our progress and remain committed to 
continually working to ensure our workplace is diverse and 
representative of the countries in which we operate and 
the customers we serve around the globe. We continue  
to take action to ensure an inclusive environment where  
all employees have opportunities for personal and 
professional development and are welcome to learn, 
connect and foster a sense of belonging.

Visit our D&I Webpage and read our D&I 
Report to learn more.

2022 ANNUAL EMPLOYEE INSIGHTS SURVEY SNAPSHOT

Our employees  
say our greatest 
strength is providing 
challenging and 
meaningful work.

Scores were  
at or above the 
benchmark on all 
survey questions.

Maintained the 
progress we’ve 
made over the  
past four years  
on the Inclusion 
Index scores.

82% 

response rate

THE CATERPILLAR AFRICAN AMERICAN NETWORK  
CELEBRATES 20 YEARS

Caterpillar’s first ERG, the Caterpillar African American  
Network (CAAN), was formed in 2002 and became the  
blueprint for Caterpillar’s 13 other ERGs. 

CAAN has had a significant impact on our company, our  
culture and our community. While they were recruiting,  
mentoring, developing support systems and creating a  
sense of community for Black employees, they were also  
creating the prototype or roadmap for others to follow and  
do the same.”
— Cheryl Johnson
      Chief Human Resources Officer

 
 29  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Our Values  
in Action

A robust governance framework and responsible business 
practices create long-term value for our shareholders, strengthens 
board and management accountability and builds trust in the 
company and our brand.

2022 Highlights

Caterpillar Foundation invested  
$42.3 million in 2022 and celebrated  
70 years of helping improve the lives  
of people around the world

Published the 2022 Lobbying Report: The 
Purpose of Engagement to provide greater 
transparency and disclosure of Caterpillar’s 
advocacy efforts and politcal engagements

100% of Caterpillar’s priority 
suppliers completed a Supplier  
Code of Conduct self-assessment  
in 2022

 30  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our board of directors has direct oversight  
of our climate and sustainability efforts. 
Recognizing the increasing complexity and 
stakeholder interest in climate, sustainability, 
and other ESG issues, in 2022, the board 
created the Sustainability & other Public 
Policy Committee (SPPC) to oversee all the 
public policy matters previously overseen by 
the Public Policy and Governance Committee. 
In addition, the SPPC has explicit oversight 

over sustainability, social and other public  
policy matters, including those related to the 
environment, climate change, human rights  
and lobbying. 

Management’s sustainability governance 
includes our CEO and all executive officers  
who report directly to the CEO, including the 
Chief Sustainability Officer.

Additional information about Caterpillar’s corporate 
governance policies and procedures can be found in the 
governance section of our corporate website.

OUR VALUES IN ACTION 31  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Climate Action
Caterpillar is committed and contributing to 
a reduced carbon future. We demonstrate 
our commitment in many ways, including 
through significant progress in reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions from our 
operations and by continuing to invest in 
new products, technologies and services  
to help our customers meet their climate-
related objectives. We will continue to 
support our diverse range of global 
customers while executing our strategy  
for long-term profitable growth.

The opportunities presented by the  
energy transition and our work to help our 
customers achieve their climate-related 
objectives led us to include sustainability  
as a focus area of Caterpillar’s enterprise 
strategy. We are demonstrating shareholder 
responsiveness by making further 
enhancements to our climate disclosures.  
We continue to execute our strategy for the 
benefit of our customers, employees, 
shareholders and other stakeholders. 

Caterpillar’s shareholders 
have demonstrated interest in 
more transparency and a better 
understanding of our political 
engagement strategy. We value 
their input and diverse perspectives 
and are implementing a number of 
key changes based on shareholder 
feedback.”
— Jim Umpleby
      Chairman & CEO

2022 Lobbying Report:  
The Purpose of Engagement

SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 

Caterpillar values the diverse perspectives 
and input of our shareholders. Through 
regular, ongoing shareholder engagement,  
we hear their interest in how Caterpillar is 
addressing and reporting on climate change, 
as well as how our company is contributing to 
a reduced-carbon future. We have responded 
to shareholder feedback, for example, by 
disclosing our Scope 3 use of sold products 
emissions and by disclosing our inaugural 
TCFD report. 

2022 Lobbying Report: 
The Purpose of Engagement 
As a responsible corporate citizen, Caterpillar 
participates in the public policy process, 
advocating for a broad range of issues that 
advance our strategy and purpose while 
providing value to shareholders and other 
stakeholders. From energy transition to 
infrastructure investments to skilled workforce 
development and more, we focus on policy 
areas that help our customers build a better, 
more sustainable world.

Caterpillar’s shareholders have demonstrated 
interest in more transparency and a better 
understanding of our political engagement 
strategy. We value their input and diverse 
perspectives and are implementing a number 
of key changes based on shareholder 
feedback. Our Values in Action, governing 

laws and strategy for profitable growth 
continue to guide how we act and manage, 
whom we engage with and our areas  
of focus.

Caterpillar published its inaugural lobbying 
report, The Purpose of Engagement, in 
February 2023. The report provides  
greater transparency and disclosure of  
the company’s U.S. political engagement 
strategy, including a description of the 
governance oversight and management  
of these activities. The report also outlines 
climate lobbying efforts focused on 
supporting Caterpillar’s customers  
during the energy transition, Caterpillar’s 
relationships with U.S. trade and industry 
associations, employee engagement in 
advocacy initiatives and Caterpillar Inc. 
Political Action Committee governance.

Report on Climate Policy 
At Caterpillar’s 2022 Annual Meeting  
of Shareholders, our board of directors 
recommended a vote in favor of — and  
our shareholders approved — a shareholder 
proposal requesting a report on climate 
policy. (See Caterpillar’s 2022 Proxy, pages 
52-54, to read the full proposal). Our 
company’s report is set forth below.

OUR VALUES IN ACTION 
 32  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

2006 and refined them in 2013 to include  
a 50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (direct  
and indirect) GHG emissions intensity from 
2006 to 2020. We actually achieved a 51% 
reduction against this goal. As part of our 
continuous sustainability journey, we 
disclosed a new goal in 2021 to further 
reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 30% between 2018 and  
2030. We’ve reduced those emissions  
by 33% since 2018 through improvements  
in operational efficiency, as well as 
implementing energy and GHG reduction 
initiatives at our facilities. 

In 2021, we further emphasized our 
commitment to reducing product-related 
emissions by disclosing an additional new 
goal that 100% of our new products through 
2030 will be more sustainable than the 
previous generation. All of the more than  
fifty new products introduced in 2022 fulfilled 
the goal criteria for reduced waste, improved 
design for rebuild/remanufacturing, improved 
efficiency and/or lower emissions. The 
Executive Summary of our Sustainability 
Report provides more information about 
Caterpillar’s 2030 goals and progress.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader for 
nearly a century, and over the past 20 years, 
we have invested more than $30 billion in 
R&D to deliver best-in-class innovation — 
and we will continue investing in innovative 
technologies and solutions for our 
customers. We are increasing our 
investments in autonomy, alternative fuels, 
connectivity and digital, and electrification 
(AACE). We will continue to invest more in 
AACE as we work with our customers to help 
them achieve their sustainability objectives.

Today, for example, all gas turbines offered  
by Caterpillar can operate on hydrogen blends 
and some of these turbines can operate on 
100% hydrogen. We also offer reciprocating 
generator sets capable of operating on 
hydrogen blends and the Cat G3516H gas 
generator set can be configured to use 100% 
hydrogen. We continue to invest in power 
sources that offer lower emissions without 
sacrificing performance. Our products can 
use an increasingly wide range of fuels, 
including renewable fuels, biodiesels,  
biogas, hydrogen blends and hydrotreated 
vegetable oil.

Caterpillar is committed to delivering  
robust electrified products and solutions for 
our customers. Caterpillar demonstrated our 
first battery electric 793 large mining truck 
prototype, operated fully loaded at its rated 
capacity in a live demonstration with key 
mining customers in November of 2022. Our  
electric Cat R1700 XE offers 100% battery 
electric propulsion, producing zero-exhaust 
emissions for underground load, haul and 

dump mining operations. Our CI segment is 
expanding its product portfolio and displayed 
four battery-powered electric machines in 
October 2022. Our E&T segment has initiated 
numerous sustainability innovations covering  
a range of technologies through both organic 
and inorganic growth and development, 
including the acquisition of CarbonPoint 
Solutions, which provides customers access  
to carbon capture solutions. Caterpillar also 
offers the Cat Energy Storage System, or ESS, 
a rapidly deployable electric power solution to 
help customers integrate multiple power 
sources on a worksite. Cat ESS can provide 
grid stabilization, transient assist and renewable 
energy storage. Learn more about Caterpillar’s 
sustainability-related product innovations and 
solutions in this report.

In addition to our investments, we have also 
taken important actions to further strengthen 
our sustainability and climate-related efforts 
which are also responsive to shareholder 
feedback, including: 
• 

Incorporating ESG performance into  
the 2022 incentive plan for executives; 

•  Releasing our first-ever disclosure of  
  Scope 3 GHG emissions data in 2023;
• 

 Publishing our first-ever TCFD report in 
2023; and

•  Creating an executive leadership position  
  of CSO, reporting directly to the CEO.

Caterpillar sets and achieves meaningful  
ESG goals and part of our long-standing 
commitment to sustainability includes 
reducing our own GHG emissions. We 
announced our first sustainability goals in 

OUR VALUES IN ACTION 
 
 
 33  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Our Path Ahead
Caterpillar recognizes shareholders’ 
interest in climate change and is 
increasing our disclosures in this area. 

Caterpillar values shareholder feedback. 
Through regular shareholder engagement, we 
hear their interest in how Caterpillar is 
addressing and reporting on Caterpillar’s 
sustainability journey. We are continuing to 
demonstrate our commitment to shareholder 
responsiveness, including delivering important 
enhancements to climate disclosures in 2023. 
Caterpillar’s 2022 Sustainability Report 
includes — for the first time — the disclosure 
of our company’s estimated Scope 3 GHG 
emissions data and includes our first-ever 
TCFD report, which summarizes how we 
govern our strategy to address climate-related 
risks and opportunities and support customers 
in the energy transition. Our enhanced 
reporting also includes a description of how 
our company incorporated ESG into the 2022 
incentive plan for executive officers.

The 2022 shareholder proposal — which 
Caterpillar supported — requests that our 
company publish a report disclosing GHG 
targets aligned with the Paris Agreement’s goal 
of limiting global temperate rise to 1.5 degrees 
Celsius for the full scope of the company’s 
operational and product-related emissions  
or rationale for any decision not to set these 
targets. Caterpillar reports progress annually 
against its Scope 1 and 2 GHG reduction  
goal. While we have not publicly reported or 
established a numeric reduction goal that 
encompasses Scope 3 GHG emissions, we 
have committed that 100% of our new products 

through 2030 will be more sustainable than 
the previous generation.

Disclosing our Scope 3 GHG data for Category 
11 — use of sold products emissions —  
for the first time is an important step on  
our sustainability journey and demonstrates 
responsiveness to shareholder feedback.  
As a global industrial manufacturer with a 
diverse portfolio of products and solutions, 
Caterpillar’s business has a global scope, and 
is subject to variables such as long product 
life-span and many other data collection, 
calculation and verification complexities. 

Read more about Caterpillar’s five-year  
trend of estimated Scope 3 GHG emissions, 
including information about the impact of 
macroeconomic conditions on product mix 
changes and unit volumes throughout that 
period, as well as the influence of customer 
demand and anticipated shifts in product  
mix for 2023.

Our company has not set a Scope 3 GHG 
emissions reduction goal as there are 
significant factors impacting Scope 3 GHG 
emissions reductions which Caterpillar cannot 
control and additional uncertainty continues 
to impact the path ahead. While our products 
are helping customers achieve their climate-
related objectives, our ability to set specific 
GHG emissions reduction goals that include 
activities outside Caterpillar’s operations 
depends on various factors that are fluid and 
difficult to predict. These include the range  
of potential pathways for decarbonization; 
development, deployment and adoption of 
new technologies by Caterpillar, our suppliers 
and our customers; and the impacts of 

governmental regulations and policies around 
the world and other factors that could 
significantly alter customer adoption of  
new technologies. We have worked diligently 
to ensure that Caterpillar’s current ESG and 
GHG emissions goals are meaningful, 
credible and achievable. 

Caterpillar is driven to help enable our 
customers’ success and doing so will require 
our company and our customers to address  
a vast array of complex engineering and 
technology challenges. We are committed  
to have lower-carbon products and solutions 
available for our customers, however, 
uncertainty exists regarding the rate of 
customer adoption in the near-, intermediate- 
and long-term horizons.

Caterpillar has a global customer base,  
and many of our customers are developing 
infrastructure to meet the basic needs of society 
such as shelter, clean water, transportation 
and reliable energy. For example, customers 
use our products to develop the infrastructure 
necessary for clean drinking water in remote 
areas of Africa. Additionally, current estimates 
suggest that less than half of the population 
of sub-Saharan Africa has access to reliable 
electricity. Without that access, battery-
powered machines are not a viable option  
and diesel-powered machines are required  
to build critical infrastructure.

Caterpillar has a role to play in serving the 
diverse range of customer needs globally 
without the constraints of an emissions 
reduction imperative that is too narrow or 
doesn’t account for such differences. 

The ongoing dialogue with our shareholders 
during our engagement process includes 
important input and feedback that also 
influences our path ahead. Throughout the 
last year, Caterpillar’s shareholders have 
expressed support for our progress and 
acknowledged the technical and other 
challenges and complexities associated  
with reducing Scope 3 GHG emissions 
— especially given our company’s diverse 
product portfolio serving a wide range  
of industries and customers — and they  
have expressed their desire for Caterpillar  
to strike the best balance between climate-
related progress, together with financial 
performance and returns that are in the  
best interest of shareholders. 

Despite the longer-term uncertainties, we  
are committed to continue reducing our own 
emissions and making progress toward the 
achievement of our 2030 sustainability goals, 
including our commitment that 100% of our 
new products through 2030 will be more 
sustainable than the previous generation. 
Caterpillar is also well-positioned to design, 
engineer and manufacture products; and to 
develop and deploy technology, services and 
solutions that will help our customers meet 
their climate-related objectives while also 
delivering long-term profitable growth and 
shareholder value creation.

While we recognize the complex challenges 
and evolving environment on the path ahead, 
Caterpillar’s long-standing commitment to 
sustainability will continue to inspire us to 
help our customers build a better, more 
sustainable world.

OUR VALUES IN ACTION 34  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ETHICS & 
INTEGRITY 

We operate according to Our Values in  
Action — Caterpillar’s Code of Conduct.  
The Code defines our values — Integrity, 
Excellence, Teamwork, Commitment and 
Sustainability — which represents what we 
stand for and how we conduct ourselves  
with our customers, suppliers, communities, 
and one another. 

It guides our employees, affiliates and  
board members in living our values each  
day. Some of the topics that the Code covers 
include avoiding conflicts of interest, fair 
competition, anti-bribery, trade compliance, 

employee performance and development, 
non-harassment, non-discrimination, personal 
privacy, supplier expectations and 
environmental responsibility. 

Code of Conduct Training
All Caterpillar employees are annually 
required to complete Code of Conduct 
training. As part of this training, employees 
must certify that they have read, understand 
and agree to comply with the Code of 
Conduct. Additional compliance training is 
also provided to employees based on risks 
identified in their job roles. 

Ethics & Compliance Helpline 
We hold ourselves to the highest standard of 
integrity and ethical behavior. We promote 
and respect the rule of law and expect our 
employees and suppliers to do the same. We 
encourage individuals to report situations in 
which they have a good-faith belief that any 
circumstance or action has violated our Code 
of Conduct, enterprise policy or applicable 
law. Those who wish to report a concern can 
do so confidentially and anonymously through 
resources maintained by our Office of 
Business Practices. These resources include: 

•  Online reporting 
•  Email reporting at  
  BusinessPractices@cat.com 
•  Telephone reporting with toll-free and  
call-collect dialing options that support  
reporting in multiple languages and from  

  multiple countries 

Caterpillar will not take any action — or 
tolerate any reprisal — against any party for 
raising an issue in good faith.

Learn more about our governance framework, corporate 
governance initiatives and board composition: 

•  Caterpillar Proxy Statement

•  Board Committees

•  Caterpillar Code of Conduct

OUR VALUES IN ACTION 
 
OUR VALUES IN ACTION

 35  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

POLITICAL ENGAGEMENT

We advocate for policies, trade agreements, legislation and 
regulations that enable us to help our customers. 

Where allowable by law, Caterpillar may make corporate 
contributions to political organizations or committees to 
support public policies we believe will promote our business 
interests. Any corporate political contributions by Caterpillar 
must be approved by our senior vice president of Global 
Government & Corporate Affairs. In addition, the board 
annually reviews the company’s political spending policy and 
political activities, including corporate political contributions, 
political contribution activities of the Caterpillar Inc. Political 
Action Committee (CATPAC), trade association participation,  
and Caterpillar’s lobbying priorities.1 

CATPAC contributions are made only in U.S. federal and 
state elections. CATPAC is funded through voluntary 
contributions by eligible individuals. A steering committee 
comprised of Caterpillar non-officer employees representing 
a diverse mix of U.S. locations and business units oversees 
all CATPAC disbursements to ensure they promote the 
company’s business interests. 

Caterpillar also maintains memberships in trade and industry 
associations that may advocate on behalf of business 
community segments. We support these organizations as 
they champion public policies that contribute to the business 
community’s growth and success.

The 2022 Caterpillar Lobbying Report highlights how  
our memberships in U.S. trade and industry associations 
complement the achievement of our goals and priorities and 
explains how we manage instances where an association’s 
positions may not be completely aligned with Caterpillar’s 
priorities. A climate lobbying section is also included to address 
our advocacy for policies that help us support our customers  
during the energy transition.

Additional information regarding Caterpillar’s 
corporate contributions, CATPAC contributions 
and trade association memberships is available 
on our political engagement website. 

Our commitment to transparency and disclosure in our 
advocacy activities has long been recognized. As part of that 
commitment, numerous voluntary disclosures and links to  
filings related to our political engagements are provided on  
our website. Additionally, we have changed the reporting 
threshold for U.S. trade and industry association contributions. 
In previous years, Caterpillar reported membership contributions 
of $50,000 or more annually. For 2022, we reduced the 
threshold to $25,000. For 2023, we will report all U.S. trade and 
industry association memberships biannually. You can find this 
information and the percentage of 2022 membership dues  
used for federal lobbying as reported by each organization in  
the Lobbying Report.

Read the 2022 Lobbying Report

1. Caterpillar’s participation as a member of any trade association comes with the understanding that we may not always agree with all of the positions of the organization or other members.

OUR VALUES IN ACTION

 36  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Risk is an inherent part of conducting global 
business, and managing risk is fundamental  
to the way we work. Through robust 
programs, including Enterprise Risk 
Management, Compliance and Audit, we 
engage across the enterprise to identify, 
prioritize and manage risks. 

Enterprise Risk Management and our 
enterprise strategy are linked. To better 
inform our decision-making, we evaluate  
risks at the business unit and enterprise 
levels, considering the likelihood and potential 
impact of each risk. These evaluations guide 
our approach for risk management, allow us 
to understand the challenges these risks 
bring, and position our business for the 
opportunities they present. 

summarized in our TCFD report. The  
results from this analysis are informing  
the Enterprise Risk Management process for 
2023 to further integrate climate-related 
risks into our evaluations.

As risk management is fundamental to our 
culture, there is strong engagement in risk 
management from the CEO, executives and 
senior leaders. The company’s officers share 
accountability for business risks, and the 
board of directors has oversight of the 
enterprise process. The board and its 
committees also oversee risk and have 
regular updates on topics that are identified 
through the risk management process. 
Outputs from risk management drive  
strategic initiatives and disclosures. 

We consider risks across many categories, 
including strategic, operational, financial, 
compliance and hazard risks. We embed ESG 
risks into each risk category as part of our 
commitment to sustainability. We treat these 
ESG risks with the same priority and rigor as 
other risks across the business. 

Our risk management culture enables us to 
critically evaluate risks to our business and 
identify opportunities to create value for our 
employees, customers and shareholders. Our 
commitment to sustainability is reflected in 
our risk management practices as we strive 
to build a better, more sustainable world.

In 2022, Caterpillar conducted its first global 
climate scenario analysis to identify climate-
related risks and opportunities, as 

 37  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

metrics and results of inquiries we execute 
within our first-tier suppliers. In these 
reports, we describe our due diligence 
efforts, including risk mitigation and process 
improvements we expect to implement  
in the following year.

Caterpillar supports the Responsible  
Minerals Initiative to help influence  
smelters’ engagement to support supply 
chain transparency and leverage industry 
collaboration toward greater business 
intelligence. Year after year, we strive  
for an increased supplier response rate, 
emphasizing 3TG priority suppliers. Caterpillar 
also publicly discloses the results of our 
Reasonable Country of Origin process and  
any necessary due diligence in our Conflict 
Minerals Report we file with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, which discloses 

100% 

of Caterpillar’s priority 
suppliers completed  
a Supplier Code of Conduct 
self-assessment in 2022 

RESPONSIBLE SOURCING

Supplier Diversity
Supplier diversity continues to be a focus  
for our strategic procurement team. With a 
strong base of diverse suppliers already in 
place, we are investing in tools that will help 
identify diverse suppliers for new business 
opportunities. This is key to delivering on our 
commitment to foster and increase business 
purchases with diverse suppliers.

Responsible Mineral Sourcing
Many considerations go into the responsible 
sourcing of minerals used in our products. 
Tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold (3TG), 
collectively known as ‘conflict minerals,’ have 
been associated with human rights violations 
in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and 
adjoining countries. Our Conflict Minerals 
Position Statement contains clear expectations 
for our suppliers regarding their sourcing of 
these materials. We have established a 
process that identifies areas of risk on an 
ongoing basis, and corrective action plans to 
mitigate or remediate such risks relating to 
conflict minerals. A supplier’s failure to take 
corrective actions when required may lead to 
additional actions, up to and including the 
termination of our business relationship. 

Caterpillar is committed to responsibly 
sourcing the raw materials used to build  
our products. 

Our supply base includes approximately 
27,000 suppliers around the world providing 
raw materials and manufactured components 
across broad categories and technologies for 
aftermarket and production parts. These 
purchases include a variety of unformed  
steel products, cut or formed to shape and 
machined in our facilities; steel and iron 
castings and forgings, machined to final 
specification; and finished components, 
made to Caterpillar or supplier-developed 
specifications. We also help keep those 
materials in circulation for as long as possible. 

We maintain global strategic sourcing  
models to meet our global facilities’ 
production needs while building long-term 
supplier relationships. We pursue suppliers 
and business allies who demonstrate strong 
values and commit to the ethical principles 
outlined in the Caterpillar Supplier Code of 
Conduct. We also expect suppliers to  
comply with the sound business practices  
we embrace, follow the law and conduct 
activities in a manner that respects  
human rights.

Read:  
Supplier Code of Conduct  
Conflict Minerals Position Statement

OUR VALUES IN ACTIONOUR VALUES IN ACTION

 38  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

HUMAN RIGHTS

In accordance with Our Values in Action, Caterpillar is committed to 
respecting internationally recognized human rights principles throughout 
our global operations.

We Support Individual and Collective Rights Across the Globe.
•  Our Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy, Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement  
  and Supplier Code of Conduct represent our commitment that we will not condone  
  and will strive to eliminate all forms of forced labor, child labor, human trafficking  
  and discrimination in the workplace.
•  We remain committed to establishing safe and healthy working conditions.
•  We value diversity as a foundational key to the success of our business strategy  
  and seek to compensate our employees fairly and competitively where they work.
•  We respect the principles of freedom of association and the right to  

collective bargaining.

•  We have compassion for all persons affected by conflict wherever it occurs, and we  
  expect our directors, officers, employees, business partners and suppliers, including  
in conflict-affected areas, to comply with all applicable laws and conduct activities  
in a manner that respects human rights. This also applies to our subsidiaries and  

  majority-owned joint ventures. 

Read our Human Rights Policy

 
 
 
 
OUR VALUES IN ACTION

 39  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

BEYOND CATERPILLAR:  
INVESTING IN COMMUNITIES

In 2022, Caterpillar’s philanthropic 
organization, the Caterpillar Foundation, 
celebrated seven decades of helping build 
resilient communities. The Foundation’s global 
work in science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics (STEM) education, workforce 
readiness, sustainable natural infrastructure, 
access to basic services, disaster relief, 
employee volunteerism and matching gifts, 
have helped communities around the world 
achieve sustainable progress. Since its 
founding, the Caterpillar Foundation has 
invested nearly $900 million to help improve 
the lives of people around the world.

As a company, Caterpillar works alongside its 
dealers and customers to build the societal 
infrastructure necessary for a better, more 
sustainable world. The Foundation focuses 
on the complementary human, natural and 
basic services infrastructure needed for 
individuals to thrive and communities to be 
resilient. Our combined success contributes 
to the stability of regions around the world. 
The Foundation has four key areas of focus:
• 

 Empowering the workforce of the 21st 
century: Through skills development and 
STEM, we help equip individuals with the 
skills required for tomorrow’s workforce. 
Skills-based education leads to better jobs 
and better jobs lead to better futures.

• 

• 

• 

 Building resilient communities to 
address critical environmental 
challenges: The Foundation supports 
natural infrastructure development and 
access to basic services, such as water 
resource management and access  
to energy.
  Focusing on diversity and inclusion: 
We bridge community gaps by supporting 
underrepresented populations and those 
with the greatest needs.
 Giving back in our communities: 
Caterpillar’s global team helps build a better, 
more sustainable world using their passion, 
time and talent to give back, maximizing 
impact through the Foundation’s disaster 
and matching gifts programs, United Way 
and volunteer efforts.

Creating the Workforce of the  
21st Century 
Understanding the importance of equipping 
individuals and communities with the skills, 
resources and services they need to thrive in 
our changing world, the Foundation invested 
about $16M million in 25 countries to support 
workforce readiness and STEM. An example 
is the Foundation’s partnership with Malaika, 
a nonprofit grassroots organization that 
empowers Congolese girls and their 
communities through education and health 
programs. Together, we have built a Technical 
and Education Training Center that provides 

Alongside our partners, the Caterpillar Foundation participated in 
many thought leadership events, including the 2022 United Nations 
General Assembly/Climate Week in New York.

mechanical and electrical training, focusing 
on closing community skills gaps and 
providing new job opportunities in the 
Democratic Republic of Congo. Malaika’s 
community-driven model has been integral 
since its founding in 2013 and has led to 
transformative change. The students have 
1,200 contact hours in group classes and 
cover topics such as safety, machine 
mechanics, diesel mechanics, gasoline 
engine management, auto electronics,  
brake systems, suspension and steering, 
and manual driving skills. 

Establishing Natural Infrastructure 
In 2022, the Foundation had nearly 70  
active sustainable infrastructure programs, 
committing over $13 million across  

30 countries to restore natural ecosystems  
to withstand natural disasters and 
environmental challenges. Together with the 
Foundation’s partners, these programs seek  
to remove, sequester or capture carbon by 
restoring land. One such program is Blue 
Forest Conservation’s Forest Resilience 
Bond, which bridges the finance gap for 
much-needed forest restoration across  
the western U.S. and supports natural 
infrastructure projects on public land. In the 
Sierra and Yuba counties in California, the 
program impacted approximately 81,000 
residents, creating more than 200 jobs in the 
local community and providing hydroelectric 
power, drinking water, and flood control for 
over 30,000 people.

 
OUR VALUES IN ACTION

 40  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Caterpillar Foundation and The United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UN SDGs) 

The Caterpillar Foundation’s investments align with several of the UN SDGs. The Caterpillar 
Foundation works to build resilient communities in the places where we live and work and 
where there is need.

also enabled partner organizations to respond 
to disasters such as in the Mayfield, Kentucky, 
area when tornadoes ripped through the 
center of the U.S.; catastrophic flooding in 
several European and African countries, India, 
Pakistan, Bangladesh, and China; Western 
U.S. wildfires; Hurricane Fiona that impacted 
Puerto Rico; and an earthquake in Afghanistan. 

Diversity & Inclusion
Communities are strongest when there  
is equality for all. In 2022, Foundation 
investments targeted support for several 
underserved populations. Through partnership 
with DigDeep, families within the Navajo 
Nation will gain access to water — eliminating 
hours spent each week hauling water from 
streams, wells and grocery stores. Nomi 
Network works to create a brighter future  
for women and girls vulnerable to human 
trafficking in Dallas, Texas, and India by building 
economic sustainability through workforce 
development programs. The Aspen Young 
Leaders Fellowship supports youth of color 
from the lowest quartile of the socio-economic 
ladder to pursue STEM degrees by proactively 
supporting individuals with financial, academic  
and personal factors that prevent them from 
achieving success.

The Foundation is partnering with Conservation 
International and others to develop a “Green-
Gray Cost-Benefit Analysis Tool” to compare 
green and gray alternatives for infrastructure 
and coastal resilience projects in Mexico and 
the North Brazil Shelf. “Green” infrastructure 
(wetlands and forests), alongside traditional 
“gray” infrastructure (seawalls or dams) not 
only provide environmental and biodiversity 
benefits, but can also extend the life of coastal 
infrastructure including roads, bridges, and 
highways. By better understanding the benefits 
of blending “green” conservation with “gray” 
engineering techniques, communities can 
enjoy the benefits of both solutions.

Disaster Relief 
The Caterpillar Foundation is a member  
of the American Red Cross Annual Disaster 
Giving Program. The Foundation’s $1 million 
annual global investment helps provide a 
funding base, allowing the Red Cross to 
provide immediate relief to those impacted 
by disasters big and small. This model 
ensures that the Red Cross has funds to 
prepare for disasters before they occur. 

The Foundation has donated more than  
$1 million to support both urgent and long-
term needs of the Ukraine humanitarian crisis. 
This donation supports organizations that 
include the American Red Cross in support of 
the global Red Cross network response to the 
Ukraine humanitarian crisis, Project HOPE  
and the Center for Disaster Philanthropy. 
Caterpillar team members eager to help in a 
time of crisis, along with a Foundation match, 
contributed another more than $1 million, 
making an even greater impact. The 
Foundation’s disaster preparedness support 

 
 
 
 
 
Reporting

In addition to the 2022 Sustainability Report,  
we are also pleased to publish our inaugural TCFD Report.

Read: TCFD Report

REPORTING

 42  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ABOUT THIS REPORT

The reporting period is the  
2022 calendar year, which is  
also Caterpillar’s fiscal year. 
Caterpillar is headquartered  
in Irving, Texas. 

This report has been prepared in accordance 
with the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), as well as with reference to  
the Global Reporting Inititaive Universal 
Standards. SASB publishes sector-specific 
reporting standards based on expert input,  
and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) publishes 
reporting standards based on company-
conducted materiality assessments, both 
designed to help businesses to identify the 
sustainability issues of highest importance to 
investors and most relevant in their industry.  
In addition, we have published our inaugural 
TCFD Report, which aligns with the 11 
recommended disclosures of the TCFD and 
summarizes how we govern our strategy to 
address climate-related risks and opportunities 
and support customers in the energy 
transition. Our sustainability efforts and 
approach is consistent with the UN SDGs. 

Given the breadth of our products, services 
and solutions, our advocacy on behalf of 
policies that enable sustainable development 
and the Caterpillar Foundation’s effort to build 
resilient communities, Caterpillar and our 
customers are helping build a more sustainable 
future. The contents of this report represent 
the products and operations of Caterpillar Inc. 

and its subsidiaries where we have a 
controlling financial interest. Where noted, 
certain information relates to Caterpillar’s 
independent dealer network and supplier 
network. Caterpillar and subsidiary brands 
are listed on our website. Caterpillar’s 
environmental and safety metrics for 
operations are consolidated based on the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol “operational 
control” approach. Environmental data 
excludes office locations with fewer than 
500 employees and minor operations with 
fewer than 50 employees that will not have  
a significant impact on reported metrics. 
Safety data includes employees and agency 
workers in Caterpillar workplaces. 

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. 
(ERM CVS) has conducted independent 
assurance of selected environmental and 
safety data, including Scope 3 emissions.  
To understand the scope, activities and 
conclusions of the assurance process, please 
see the ERM CVS Assurance Statement.

Contact us

 43  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ESG DATA & ENDNOTES 

BASELINE 
(2018)

2019

2020

2021

2022

PERSPECTIVE

PEOPLE DATA

Total number of employees

104,000

102,300

Number of employees outside of the 
United States

59,400

58,700

Women in enterprise 

Women in leadership1 

Collective bargaining  
% of employees covered

20%

19%

40%

20%

20%

41%

97,300

57,000

20%

20%

40%

107,700

63,400

23%

21%

40%

109,100

60,900

23%

22%

41%

SAFETY
Lost-time case frequency rate 
(LTCFR) /A/ worker-related injuries 
resulting in lost time per 200,000 
hours worked

Recordable injury frequency (RIF) /A/ 
recordable injuries per 200,000 hours 
worked

Employee fatalities 

Contractor fatalities 

0.16

0.15

0.20

0.18

0.18

0.53

0.43

0.42

0.41

0.44

1

1

0

1

0

2

0

1

1

0

Caterpillar is committed to increasing women’s representation 
throughout the company.

We respect the right of our employees to form, join or not to join any 
lawful organization of their choice without fear of reprisal, interference, 
intimidation or harassment. We believe it is important for individuals to 
exercise that right with the benefit of available information.

We relentlessly strive to ensure our workforce returns home safely every 
day. While our LTCFR increased slightly from 2018, it remained constant 
year-over-year. In 2022, although our RIF increased by 7% from the 
previous year, we have realized a 17% improvement from our 2018 base 
year. This performance came on the heels of the global pandemic and 
during a period of growth in our operations and significant hiring of new 
employees. Our 2030 RIF goal is 0.265.

While we are proud of our progress, we are also deeply saddened that 
an employee suffered a fatal workplace injury at one of our facilities 
during the year. This incident highlights that safety must always remain 
the top priority for our team and further strengthens our safety resolve.

REPORTING 44  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ENERGY — OPERATIONS 
Total energy use2 /A/ 
gigajoules

Total electricity /A/  
million MWh

Grid electricity 
%
Renewable energy3, 4 
%
Energy intensity /A/2  
absolute gigajoules energy use/
million dollars of sales and revenues

Absolute greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions /A/2, 6, 7 
million metric tons CO2e

Scope 1 Direct emissions /A/  
million metric tons CO2e

Scope 2 Market-based indirect 
emissions from purchased 
electricity, heat or steam /A/2, 5 
million metric tons CO2e
Scope 2 Location-based /A/5  
million metric tons CO2e
GHG intensity /A/2, 6 
absolute metric tons of CO2e/million 
dollars of sales and revenues

BASELINE 
(2018)

2019

2020

2021

2022

PERSPECTIVE

25,140,000

24,000,000

19,370,000

20,610,000

20,640,000

2.55

N/A

17.4

459

2.22

0.94

1.28

1.32

2.38

83.8

21.2

446

1.78

0.91

0.87

0.93

2.09

87.3

21.0

464

1.46

0.70

0.76

0.83

2.25

86.7

24.2

404

1.51

0.74

0.77

0.85

2.27

87.4

27.4

347

1.49

0.74

0.74

0.80

We remain focused on improving energy efficiency and reducing  
energy consumption.

In 2022, more than 27% of our electrical energy was obtained from 
renewable sources.

In 2022, we reduced our energy intensity by 24% from our  
2018 baseline.

Our absolute GHG emissions decreased 33% from 2018 to 2022. Our 
2030 absolute GHG emissions goal is 1.55 million metric tons CO2e. 

40.57

33.09

34.97

29.62

25.07

In 2022, we reduced our GHG emissions intensity by 38% from our  
2018 baseline.

REPORTING 
 45  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

WATER — OPERATIONS 
Water management strategies /A/ 
% of in-scope facilities that meet all 
nine management elements 

Water management strategies  
% of management elements 
completed by in-scope facilities
Total water /A/2  
billion imperial gallons

Total water consumption by source

Cooling water from foundry 
operations /A/ 

Municipal water /A/ 

Surface water /A/ 

Other water /A/ 

Groundwater /A/ 

Water consumption intensity /A/2 
absolute thousand gallons of water/
million dollars of sales and revenues
WASTE — OPERATIONS 
Total waste  
metric tons

Waste intensity  
absolute metric tons of waste/million 
dollars of sales and revenues

Landfill intensity 
absolute metric tons of landfill waste/
million dollars of sales and revenues

Waste recycled 
%

BASELINE 
(2018)

2019

2020

2021

2022

PERSPECTIVE

N/A

N/A

3.85

32.8%

30.6%

18.3%

0.4.%

17.9%

70.4

N/A

N/A

3.75

35.2%

30.8%

18.0%

0.7%

15.4%

69.7

N/A

N/A

3.39

35.2%

29.6%

20.4%

0.6%

14.2%

81.3

11%

27%

3.73

37.4%

28.8%

19.4%

0.5%

13.9%

73.2

14%

41%

4.13

40.9%

25.5%

20.4%

1.3%

11.9%

69.4

635,000

587,000

554,000

567,000

575,000

Water management strategies is a recent goal for Caterpillar and 
data collection began in 2021. Previous years are listed as N/A as  
this is a newly composed goal. In this second year of implementation, 
we are pleased to see foundational progress begin toward our 2030 
goal of 100%.

Although our absolute water consumption increased by 7% through 
2022, we have reduced water consumption intensity at our facilities 
by 1.4% from our baseline year of 2018. 

11.6

1.49

10.9

1.36

13.3

1.09

11.1

0.98

9.7

0.96

In 2022, we reduced our landfill intensity by 36% from our 2018 baseline. 
Our 2030 landfill intensity goal is 0.74 metric tons of landfill waste per 
million dollars of sales and revenues.  

86.8%

87.1%

91.5%

90.8%

89.6%

REPORTING 
 46  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

PRODUCTS 
Scope 3 Emissions Enterprise /A/8 
use of sold products emissions, 
million metric tons CO2e
Scope 3 Intensity Enterprise8  
use of sold products emissions/ 
thousands of dollars of sales  
and revenues

Scope 3 Emissions Energy & 
Transportation Segment8  
use of sold products emissions, 
million metric tons CO2e

Scope 3 Emissions Construction 
Industries Segment8  
use of sold products emissions, 
million metric tons CO2e

Scope 3 Emissions Resource 
Industries Segment8  
use of sold products emissions, 
million metric tons CO2e

New products that are more 
sustainable than the previous 
generation through collaborating 
with customers, reduced waste, 
improved design for rebuild/
remanufacturing, lower emissions  
or improved efficiency 
%

BASELINE 
(2018)

1,053

19.2

2019

2020

2021

2022

PERSPECTIVE

959

17.8

593

14.2

589

11.6

613

10.3

906

822

485

453

470

Caterpillar is represented by durable, reliable and innovative products 
that are built to last. See the Understanding Our Scope 3 Emissions 
section of this report to learn more in our first year of reporting this data. 

92

55

83

54

65

44

84

52

82

61

89%

95%

97%

100%

100%

Caterpillar has a long history of and a strong process for innovation  
in the R&D of products and solutions. Examples of recent innovations 
are highlighted in the Helping Our Customers Build a Better, More 
Sustainable World section of this report.

REPORTING 
 47  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

STRATEGIC PROCUREMENT 

Supplier Code of Conduct self-
assessments  
% 

REMANUFACTURING 

Growth in remanufacturing business9 
% business sales growth since 2018 
Product take-back by weight 10, 11 
millions of pounds of end-of-life 
material received
Product take-back by %10,11 
% of actual end-of-life returns/
eligible returns 

PHILANTHROPY

Community investments
millions of dollars

Matching gifts12
millions of dollars

United Way13
millions of dollars

BASELINE 
(2018)

2019

2020

2021

2022

PERSPECTIVE

39%

67%

94%

96%

100%

Since 2016, Caterpillar has proactively surveyed our priority supply 
base to confirm alignment to Caterpillar’s published Supplier Code of 
Conduct. Caterpillar uses assessment response data to address supply 
chain risk through a collaborative approach with responding suppliers. 
The 2022 progress reflects continued focus on this initiative.

N/A

155

92%

2%

153

91%

-14%

131

89%

-3%

127

88%

19%

140

89%

Our remanufacturing and rebuild businesses provide customers 
with immediate cost savings, help extend product lifecycles and  
use materials more efficiently. We seek to continue to grow  
these businesses in pursuit of our 2030 goal of 25% growth in 
remanufacturing sales and revenues.

$27

$28.6

$37.9

$41

$42.3

$4.1

$3.5

$9.8

$22.6

$21.1

$11.8

$12.2

$12.3

$12.9

$13.8

Since 1952, the Caterpillar Foundation has contributed $893 million to 
help make sustainable progress possible around the world by building 
resilient communities that thrive in a rapidly changing world.

The Caterpillar Foundation is proud to match our global employees, 
U.S. retirees, and the Caterpillar Inc. board of directors’ 
contributions to eligible organizations.

Caterpillar has supported the United Way for more than 60 years 
through our annual campaign. The Foundation matches employee  
and retiree gifts during the campaign, amplifying our impact on the 
communities where we live and work.

/A/ Data assured by ERM CVS. Please see our data assurance statement.

N/A = Not Applicable 

REPORTING 
 48  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ESG DATA & ENDNOTES 

1.     Women In Leadership data reflects all women with responsibilities for managing employees as part of their job scope. Data excludes Progress Rail.
2.     Data prior to 2022 has been revised for improved accuracy. 
3.     Renewable energy percent includes purchased and on-site generated renewable energy, as well as calculating the percentage of renewable energy from grid-purchased electricity using data 

obtained from the International Energy Agency. 

4.     Renewable Energy: Caterpillar defines renewable energy as energy resources that are naturally replenishing over a short period of time and virtually inexhaustible. Power generation examples 

include wind, solar, hydro, geothermal, tidal, wave, biomass and biogas from anaerobic digestion. 

5.     Location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions are provided in accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 guidance (2015). Our market-based Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the Scope 2 

Quality Criteria. The following instruments were used in calculating our market-based Scope 2 emissions: Renewable Energy Guarantees of Origin, energy contracts, supplier-specific emission 
rates, and, for the remainder of our facilities, grid average emission factors from USEPA’s eGRID (2020) and the International Energy Agency’s data (2019). For 2022 calculations, Caterpillar did 
not use residual mix factors. 

6.     GHG emissions intensity is based on our combined Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect, market-based) GHG emissions. Likewise, total absolute GHG emissions are a sum of Scope 1 and 

Scope 2 (market-based) emissions. 

7.     Results may not add to total due to rounding.
8.     The annual estimates for lifetime use of sold products GHG emissions are calculated from the GHG Protocol expression: ∑ (total lifetime expected uses of product × number of products 
sold in reporting period × fuel consumed per use (kWh) × emission factor for fuel (kg CO2e/kWh)). The inputs to this equation are specific to construction machines, mining machines, 
off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel-electric locomotives, applied at the product-level to calculate lifetime emissions then aggregated across the 
full enterprise portfolio. Included in the calculation are GHG emissions from combustion of fuels in our products until the estimated point of final disposal covering rebuild, remanufacturing, 
and overhaul events that extend the service life of the product. Excluded from this calculation are emissions from upstream production of fuel consumed in Caterpillar products, fuel 
efficiency and emission factor changes through the life of the product, refrigerant emissions, and others considered insignificant to Caterpillar’s enterprise number. The inputs to perform 
this calculation were integrated from many data sources including but not limited to: Operation and Maintenance Manuals (OMM), product design data, telemetry data, public data sources 
(U.S. EPA, industry data), and internal engineering, product, marketing, and other subject matter expertise. Our company’s total enterprise Scope 3 use of sold products emissions 
calculation was verified by a third-party assurance firm (ERM CVS); please see the assurance statement.

9.     Data includes remanufacturing offerings provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense. 
10.  Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense. 
11.  Represents Cat Reman customers’ end-of-life components (“core”) returned to Caterpillar by dealers, as a percentage of core returned plus unreturned core eligible for credit no later than 2022.
12.  This data represents employee and retiree donations and the match payments made in the calendar year 2022. This also includes 2:1 employee and retiree donations made in the calendar year 

2022. 2:1 and the remaining Q4 match payments will occur in the 2023 calendar year.

13.  This includes employee and retiree pledges during the 2022 campaign, and the Foundation match for the campaigns in the United States, Canada, Panama and Mexico paid in 2022.

REPORTING 49  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) was engaged by Caterpillar Inc. to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below and presented in the 
2022 Sustainability Report and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report (the “Reports”). 

Independent Limited Assurance Statement to Caterpillar Inc.

Whether the 2022 information and data for the following selected disclosures are fairly presented in the Reports, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.  

Engagement summary 

Environmental Data 

• 
• 

Facilities located in water high risk areas with implemented water management strategies [%] 
Scope 3 GHG emissions as a percentage of Total Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions [%]  

Absolute and intensity 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Scope 1 GHG emissions [million metric tons CO2e, and million metric tons CO2e/million dollars of sales and revenues*] 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (by market-based method) [million metric tons CO2e, and million metric tons CO2e/million dollars of sales and revenues*] 
Total GHG emissions [million metric tons CO2e, and million metric tons CO2e/million dollars of sales and revenues*] 
Total energy consumption [GJ, and GJ/million dollars of sales and revenues*]  
Total water consumption [billion gallons, and absolute thousand gallons of water/million dollars of sales and revenues*] 

Scope of our 
assurance 
engagement 

Reporting periods 

Reporting criteria 

Assurance standard 
and level of 
assurance  

Respective 
responsibilities 

Absolute only 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Scope 2 GHG emissions (by location based method) [million metric tons CO2e] 
Scope 3 GHG emissions: Category 11 (Use of Sold Products) [metric tons CO2e] 
Total electricity [MWH] 
Total water consumption by source [%]: 
▪ 
▪  Municipal water 
▪ 
Surface water 
▪  Groundwater 

Cooling water from foundry operations 

Safety Indicators 

• 
• 

Lost Time Case Frequency Rate (LTCFR); 
Recordable Injury Frequency rate (RIF) per 200,000 hours worked. 

* We place reliance on the financial assurance conducted on dollars of sales and revenues as they are presented in the 2022 10-K filing. 

January 1, 2022 –December 31, 2022 (all metrics in scope) 

January 1, 2018 – December 31, 2022 (Scope 3 Category 11 (Use of Sold Products)) 

• 
• 
• 

The WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised 2015) 
The WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011) 
Caterpillar’s Basis of Reporting 

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than 
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board. 

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, 
the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement 
been performed. 

Caterpillar is responsible for preparing the Reports and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal 
controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Reports. 

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to Caterpillar on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with Caterpillar, the assurance activities performed and 
exercising our professional judgement. We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than Caterpillar for the conclusions we have reached.  

REPORTING 
 
 
 50  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Our conclusion 
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the data and information for the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Reports, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria. 

Our assurance activities   
Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the Reports a multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range of procedures that 
included, but was not restricted to, the following:   

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 

• 

• 

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the Reports.   

Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the relevant management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected 
environmental and safety disclosures. 

A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the reported information. 

An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by all locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical 
accuracy of conversions and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary. 

Virtual visits to four Caterpillar sites to review local reporting processes and consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying source data for select environmental and safety indicators. We 
interviewed relevant staff, reviewed site data capture and reporting methods, checked calculations and assessed the local internal quality assurance processes. 

Desk-based review of source data for the significant contributing sites and products to each key corporate EHS metric (e.g. energy, water, hours worked) including a sample of invoices and local incident 
logs, among others. 
Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.  

The limitations of our engagement 
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information. It is important to understand our 
assurance conclusions in this context.  

Our independence, integrity and quality control  
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our quality management system is at least as demanding as the relevant 
sections of ISQM-1 and ISQM-2 (2022).  

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work. Our processes are designed 
and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest. Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at 
least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A & B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.  

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, and 
provides no consultancy related services to Caterpillar in any respect.  

Beth Wyke 
Head of Corporate Assurance Services  
Malvern, PA 

April 25, 2023 

ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated 
www.ermcvs.com  |  post@ermcvs.com 

REPORTING 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 51  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

PRIORITIZATION & 
MANAGEMENT OF 
ESG ISSUES

We have assessed and prioritized ESG topics by examining 
the external industry landscape to understand evolving 
trends and expectations of leading ESG standards, 
frameworks and disclosures, and aligning expectations with 
Caterpillar’s enterprise strategies, risks and future plans.

We prioritized topics through a third-party based on 
interviews with Caterpillar leadership, external research and 
benchmarking of industry peers, including:
•  Potential impact the topic may have on  
  Caterpillar’s business 
•  Level of awareness and concern about the topic by  
  business stakeholders (e.g., customers, dealers,  

suppliers, investors, nongovernmental organizations  
and others) 

•  Degree to which Caterpillar has influence over the topic 

Our final step was to select issues that were highest priority. 
These issues guide our initiatives and decision-making 
throughout our global operations and are closely aligned  
with topics covered by the SASB Industrial Machinery & 
Goods industry. 

We continue to analyze and update these topics periodically as 
the ESG landscape and our business continues to evolve. We 
are committed to demonstrating shareholder responsiveness 
as we strive for continuous improvement throughout our 
sustainability journey. 

ISSUE

RELEVANCE

Employee Health & Safety 

The health and safety of our employees is an important focus at Caterpillar, and we relentlessly strive to 

ensure our workforce returns home safely every day. 

Customer Health & Safety 

Our commitment to safety includes people who work in, on and around our products, from designing 

products for safe operations to providing safety services for our customers. 

Product Emissions & Energy 

Efficiency 

Caterpillar is committed and contributing to a reduced-carbon future. We continue to invest in new 

products, technologies and services to help our customers achieve their climate-related objectives  

as they build a better, more sustainable world. 

Operations Energy & Efficiency 

Operations within our manufacturing facilities are energy-intensive and account for most of our Scope 1 

and 2 emissions. 

Operations Water 

ensuring good water management practices, particularly in areas determined to be the most at risk for 

While less water intensive than some industries, we are focused on reducing water consumption and 

water scarcity or quality concerns. 

Operations Waste 

We strive to eliminate waste in our processes where possible, and to recycle those materials that remain 

to reduce materials sent to landfills around the world. 

Remanufacturing 

Through our remanufacturing and rebuild offerings, we help keep materials in circulation for continued 

use, reducing waste, extending equipment life, and providing lower-cost options for our customers. 

Material Sourcing 

We source raw materials and manufactured components from a global network of suppliers across 

broad categories and technologies for aftermarket and production parts, approximately 27,000 suppliers 

in total. Our Supplier Code of Conduct and supporting initiatives help us to responsibly source the raw 

materials used to build our products. 

Human Capital Management 

grow our business. The diverse thinking and decision-making of our people in an inclusive work 

We attract and recruit the best talent to develop advanced technologies, meet customer needs, and 

environment strengthens us and drives our progress. 

REPORTING 
 
SASB INDEX

TOPIC

SASB CODE

METRIC 2020

UNIT OF MEASURE

RESPONSE/COMMENT

 52  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

Accounting Metrics

RT-IG-000.A

Number of units produced by product category

Number

Energy Management

RT-IG-130a.1

(2) Percentage grid electricity

RT-IG-000.B

Number of employees

(1) Total energy consumed

(3) Percentage renewable

(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)

(2) Fatality rate

Number

Gigajoules (GJ)

%

%

Rate

Number

Sales data is provided in Caterpillar’s annual report  

to shareholders on 2022 Form 10-K

109,100

Total energy consumed in GJ for 2022 is 20,640,000

87.4%
27.4%1

0.44

1 employee, 0 contractors

Caterpillar emphasizes the importance of reviewing all work-related 

Employee Health and Safety

RT-IG-320a.1

RT-IG-410a.1

RT-IG-410a.2

Fuel Economy & Emissions  

RT-IG-410a.3

in Use- Phase

(3) Near miss frequency rate (NMFR)

Rate

environmental, health and safety incidents, including near misses.  

Sales-weighted fleet fuel efficiency for medium- 

and heavy-duty vehicles

Sales-weighted fuel efficiency for non-road 

equipment

Sales-weighted fuel efficiency for stationary 

generators

Sales-weighted emissions of: (1) nitrogen oxides 

(NOx) and (2) particulate matter (PM) for:

Gallons per 1,000 ton-miles

Not applicable to Caterpillar.

Near misses are communicated and managed locally.

Gallons per hour

Watts per hour

We continue to invest in R&D aimed at products that generate fewer 

direct emissions. Read more about our focus on product emissions in the 

Helping Our Customer Build a Better, More Sustainable World section of 

the report. Given the diversity of our products and applications in which 

our products are used, as well as the lack of industry standards to 

RT-IG-410a.4

(a) marine diesel engines, (b) locomotive diesel 

Grams per kilowatt-hour

estimate on a per unit of work basis, Caterpillar does not calculate 

Materials Sourcing

RT-IG-440a.1

engines, (c) on-road medium- and heavy-duty 

engines, and (d) other non-road diesel engines

Description of the management of risks  

associated with the use of critical materials

N/A

sales-weighted fuel efficiency or emissions in this manner.

Caterpillar responsibly sources the raw materials used to build our 

products. Please see the Responsible Sourcing section of this report.

Remanufacturing  

Design & Services

RT-IG-440b.1

Revenue from remanufactured products and 

remanufacturing services

Reporting currency

Our remanufacturing sales and revenues have increased 19% since 20182.

1. Renewable sources includes purchased and on-site generated renewable energy, and the renewable energy from grid-purchased electricity.
2. Data includes remanufacturing offerings provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions and Caterpillar Defense.

REPORTINGGRI INDEX 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021

THE ORGANIZATION AND ITS REPORTING

2-1

2-2

2-3

2-4

2-5

Organizational details: Legal name and location of headquarters

Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting: List all its  
entities discussed in sustainability reporting

Reporting period, frequency and contact point: Specify the reporting period  
for its financial reporting, if it does not align with the period explain reason  
and add a point of contact

Restatements of information: Reason and effect of restatements, restatement  
of information when it has learned that the previously reported information  
needs to be revised.

 53  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

LOCATION/RESPONSE

Caterpillar Inc.  
Irving, Texas, USA

2022 Form 10-K, pgs. 1-9

Annually

Year end: December 31, 2022

catir@cat.com

Restatements are noted as footnotes in the ESG Data table in the Reporting section of this report.

External assurance: Describe its policy and practice for seeking external 
assurance, including whether and how the highest governance body and  
senior executives are involved

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) was engaged by Caterpillar Inc.  
to provide assurance in relation to the information presented in the Caterpillar 2022  
Sustainability Report.

ACTIVITIES AND WORKERS

2-6

2-7

2-8

Activities, value chain and other business relationships: Describe  
value chain 

Employees: Total number of employees, and a breakdown of this total by  
gender and by region

2022 Form 10-K, pgs. 6-7

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data Center>Employees

Caterpillar Diversity & Inclusion Report

Workers who are not employees: Total number of workers who are not 
employees and whose work is controlled by the organization

Based upon HRIS data available, 13,678 workers who are not employees, may perform work  
activity at the direction of Caterpillar personnel.

REPORTING 54  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021

GOVERNANCE 

2-9

2-10

2-11

2-12

2-13

2-14

2-15

2-16

Governance structure and composition: Describe the governance structure,  
list the committees of the highest governance body that are responsible for 
decisionmaking on and overseeing the management of the organization’s  
impacts on the economy, environment, and people 

Nomination and selection of the highest governance body: Describe the criteria 
used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members, views of 
stakeholders, diversity, independence and competencies relevant to the impacts 
of the organization

Chair of the highest governance body: Report whether the chair of the highest 
governance body is also a senior executive in the organization, explain their 
function within the organization’s management, the reasons for this arrangement, 
and how conflicts of interest are prevented and mitigated 

Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts: 
Describe the role of the highest governance body and of senior executives in 
developing, approving, and updating the organization’s purpose, value or mission 
statements, strategies, policies, and goals related to sustainable development

Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts: Describe how the highest 
governance body delegates responsibility for managing the organization’s 
impacts on the economy, environment, and people

Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting: Responsible for 
reviewing and approving the reported information, including the organization’s 
material topics. Describe the process for reviewing and approving

Conflicts of interest: Processes to ensure that conflicts of interest are prevented 
and mitigated

Communication of critical concerns: How concerns are communicated to the 
highest governance body, report the total number and the nature of critical 
concerns during the reporting period

2023 Proxy Statement>Board Election & Leadership Structure

2023 Proxy Statement>Board Committees

2023 Proxy Statement>Director Nominations and Evaluations

2023 Proxy Statement>Board Election & Leadership Structure

2023 Proxy Statement>Board's Role in Risk Oversight

2023 Proxy Statement>Board Committees

2023 Proxy Statement>Board Committees

2023 Proxy Statement>Anonymous Reporting of Accounting and Other Concerns

Caterpillar's Code of Conduct, pg. 8

2023 Proxy Statement>Communication with the Board

REPORTING 55  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021

GOVERNANCE (CONT.)

2-17

2-18

2-19

2-20

2-21

Collective knowledge of the highest governance body: Measures taken to 
advance collective knowledge and skills for the highest governance body on 
sustainable development

Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body: Overseeing  
the management of the organization’s impacts on the economy, environment,  
and people

Remuneration policies: Describe how the remuneration policies for members of 
the highest governance body and senior executives relate to their objectives and 
performance in relation to the management of the organization’s impacts on the 
economy, environment, and people 

Process to determine remuneration: Process for designing its remuneration 
policies and for determining remuneration 

Annual total compensation ratio: Ratio of the annual total compensation for the 
organization’s highest-paid individual to the median annual total compensation 
for all employees, ratio of the percentage increase

2023 Proxy Statement>Diversity of Skills and Expertise

2023 Proxy Statement>Director Continuous Education and Development

2023 Proxy Statement>Director Nominations and Evaluations

2023 Proxy Statement>Director Compensation

2023 Proxy Statement>Compensation Discussion and Analysis

2023 Proxy Statement>CEO Pay Ratio

REPORTING 56  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021

STRATEGY, POLICIES AND PRACTICES

LOCATION/RESPONSE

2-22

Statement on sustainable development strategy: CEO Letter or message

Chairman & CEO Letter

2-23

Policy commitments: List of all policy commitments for business conduct 

Examples of relevant policies, include:

Caterpillar Worldwide Code of Conduct

Climate & Energy Statement

Supplier Code of Conduct

Human Rights Policy

Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement

Global Data Privacy Statement

Conflict Minerals Statement & Compliance

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary

2-24

2-25

2-26

2-27

Embedding policy commitments: How is it allocated or integrated responsibility  
to the commitments across different levels within the organization

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future

2022 Sustainability Report>Responsible Sourcing

2022 Sustainability Report>Human Rights

Processes to remediate negative impacts: Identify and address grievances 

2022 Sustainability Report>Ethics & Integrity

Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns: Process in raising 
concerns about the organization's code of conduct

Compliance with laws and regulations: Report the total number of non-
compliance instances with laws and regulations 

2022 Sustainability Report>Ethics & Integrity

2022 Form 10-K>Environmental and Legal Matters pg. 9

REPORTING 57  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021

STRATEGY, POLICIES AND PRACTICES (CONT.)

2-28

Membership associations: List of membership associations

LOCATION/RESPONSE

American Road & Transportation Builders Association 

Association of Equipment Manufacturers

Business Roundtable

California Manufacturers & Technology Association

Illinois Manufacturers Association

National Association of Manufacturers 

National Mining Association

United States Chamber of Commerce

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

2-29

2-30

Approach to stakeholder engagement: Describe how to engage and  
identify stakeholders 

Collective bargaining agreements: How the organization engages in collective 
bargaining with its employees

2022 Sustainability Report>Our Values in Action>Shareholder Engagement; The Power of Everyone 
> Employee Experience; Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future > How We Help Our Customers Build a 
Better World

We respect the right of our employees to form, join or not to join any lawful organization of their 
choice without fear of reprisal, interference, intimidation or harassment. We believe it is important 
for individuals to exercise that right with the benefit of available information.

2022 Sustainability Report>ESG Data

GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS 2021

GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS

3-1

3-2

Process to determine material topics: Process in how to determine  
material topics

2022 Sustainability Report>Prioritization & Management of ESG Issues

List of material topics: List of organizations material topics, i.e. Materiality Matrix

2022 Sustainability Report>Prioritization & Management of ESG Issues

REPORTING 58  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 300: ENVIRONMENTAL

GRI 301: MATERIALS

3-3

301-3

GRI 302: ENERGY

3-3

302-1

302-2

302-3

302-4

302-5

Management of material topic

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Supporting a Circular Economy 

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials: Percentage of reclaimed 
products and their packaging materials

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Remanufacturing

Note: This is for product only. Packaging is not significant to Caterpillar, given the nature of  
our products.

Management of sufficient topic

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future

Energy consumption within the organization: Total fuel consumption within  
the organization from non-renewable and renewable sources

Energy consumption outside of the organization: Upstream and downstream 
categories and activities from the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3)

Energy intensity: Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, 
electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all

Reduction of energy consumption: Reductions in energy consumption achieved 
as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives

Reductions in energy requirements of products and services: Example, the 
energy requirements of a car or a computer

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Energy

2022 Sustainability Report>Understanding Our Scope 3 Emissions

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Energy

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary>2030 Goals & Progress

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary>2030 Goals & Progress

REPORTING 59  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS 2021

GRI 303: WATER AND EFFLUENTS

3-3

Management of material topic

303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource: Interactions with water, how  
and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and discharged, and the water-
related impacts

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary>2030 Goals & Progress

While our manufacturing operations are not as water-intensive as those of other industries, we 
nonetheless recognize the far-reaching economic, social and environmental implications that water 
scarcity may have in the future — and have taken steps to reduce our consumption.

We continue to implement conservation strategies to:

• Reduce water use in our operations

• Explore water-treatment technologies

• Introduce water-recycling processes

• Train employees about water resources to raise their awareness of the issue

Around the world, Caterpillar facilities implement water management strategies, with increased 
emphasis in areas of water scarcity aligned with our 2030 goal.

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>Prioritization & Management of ESG Issues

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary>2030 Goals & Progress

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Reducing Carbon in Our Operations

2022 Sustainability Report>Beyond Caterpillar: Investing in Our Communities

REPORTING 60  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

WATER AND EFFLUENTS (CONT.)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

303-3

303-5

GRI 305: EMISSIONS

3-3

305-1

305-2

305-3

305-4

305-5

Water withdrawal: surface water; groundwater; seawater; produced water;  
third-party water

Water consumption: Water consumption measures water used by an 
organization such that it is no longer available for use by the ecosystem  
or local community

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Water

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Water

Management of material topic

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

GHG emissions intensity: Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity  
ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect 
(Scope 3)

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary> 2030 Goals & Progress

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future 

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future 

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future 

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Energy

Reduction of GHG emissions: Scopes in which reductions took place; whether 
direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3)

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Energy

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future

REPORTING 61  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS 2021

GRI 306: WASTE

3-3

Management of material topic

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>Prioritization & Management of ESG Issues

2022 Sustainability Report>Executive Summary>2030 Goals & Progress

Minimizing waste is consistent with our strategic focus on operational excellence. Waste 
minimization not only reduces costs, but also reduces our use of materials, energy, water and land. 
We are focused on a goal to reduce landfill intensity by 50% by 2030.

By taking a critical look at every phase of our operations, teams have uncovered unexpected  
and high-impact methods to reduce waste while maintaining or improving performance and 
customer satisfaction.

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Reducing Carbon in Our Operations

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Supporting a Circular Economy

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Reducing Carbon in Our Operations

2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Supporting a Circular Economy 

306-1

306-2

306-3

306-4

306-5

Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts: Impacts relate to waste 
generated in the organization’s own activities or to waste generated upstream or 
downstream in its value chain. Types of inputs and outputs can include raw 
materials, process and manufacturing materials, leaks and losses, waste, 
by-products, products, or packaging

Management of significant waste-related impacts: Circularity measures, taken to 
prevent waste generation in the organization’s own activities and upstream and 
downstream in its value chain

Waste generated 

Waste diverted from disposal

Waste directed to disposal 

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Water

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Water

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>Water

REPORTING 62  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 400 SOCIAL    

GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT

3-3

401-2

Management of material topic

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>Prioritization & Management of ESG Issues 
2022 Sustainability Report>The Power of Everyone

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 
part-time employees

2022 Sustainability Report>The Power of Everyone>Health & Well-Being

GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

3-3

403-1

403-2

403-3

Management of material topic

Occupational health and safety management system: A description of the scope 
of workers, activities, and workplaces covered by the occupational health and 
safety management system, and an explanation of whether and, if so, why any 
workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation: A description 
of the processes for workers to report work-related hazards and hazardous 
situations, and an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals

Occupational health services: A description of the occupational health services’ 
functions that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards and 
minimization of risks

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely>Employee Safety

2022 Sustainability Report>Reducing Carbon in Our Operations

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely 
2022 Sustainability Report>Supporting a Lower-Carbon Future>Reducing Carbon in Our Own 
Operations>EHS Management System

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely

REPORTING 63  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 400 SOCIAL   

403-4

403-5

403-6

403-7

403-8

403-9

403-10

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health 
and safety: Participation in the occupational health and safety management 
system 

Worker training on occupational health and safety: Occupational health and 
safety training provided to workers

Promotion of worker health: How the organization maintains the confidentiality of 
workers’ personal health-related information

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly 
linked by business relationships: A description of the organization’s approach to 
preventing or mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety 
impacts that are directly linked to its operations, products, or services 

Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system: The 
number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but 
whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered 
by such a system

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely

https://benefits.cat.com/en/eap.index.html

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely

100% of Caterpillar employees and workers at Caterpillar who are not employees but whose 
workplace is controlled by Caterpillar are covered by an occupational health and safety 
management system

Work-related injuries

Work-related ill health

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>People Data

2022 Sustainability Report>Reporting>ESG Data>People Data

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION

3-3

404-2

404-3

Management of material topic

2022 Sustainability Report>The Power of Everyone>Developing Our People & Their Potential 

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs: 
Programs implemented and assistance provided to upgrade employee skills

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews: Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category 
who received a regular performance and career development review during the 
reporting period

2022 Sustainability Report>The Power of Everyone>Developing Our People & Their Potential 

Our talent processes guide us to provide 100% of employees with performance and development 
feedback informally and/or formally, throughout the course of the year. In addition to receiving 
performance feedback from leaders and/or colleagues, employees are encouraged to share 
performance feedback as well. Employees use performance feedback as one of the inputs to inform 
career and development conversations, which they’re encouraged to have on an ongoing basis, with 
their leader.

REPORTINGREPORTING

 64  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

DISCLOSURE NUMBER

DISCLOSURE

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GRI 400 SOCIAL  

GRI 416: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY

3-3

416-1

Management of material topic

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely>Customer Safety

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories: 
Efforts to address health and safety across the lifecycle of a product or service

2022 Sustainability Report>Returning People Home Safely>Customer Safety

REPORTING

 65  

  |  Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report 

FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS 

of our customers; (v) residual values of leased 
equipment; (vi) our compliance with financial 
and other restrictive covenants in debt 
agreements; (vii) government monetary or 
fiscal policies; (viii) political and economic 
risks, commercial instability and events 
beyond our control in the countries in
which we operate; (ix) demand for Caterpillar 
products; (x) marketing, operational or 
administrative support received from 
Caterpillar; (xi) our ability to develop,  
produce and market quality products that 
meet our customers’ needs; (xii) information 
technology security threats and computer 
crime; (xiii) alleged or actual violations of trade 
or anticorruption laws and regulations; (xiv) 
new regulations or changes in financial 
services regulations; (xv) additional tax
expense or exposure; (xvi) changes in 
accounting guidance; (xvii) the duration  
and geographic spread of, business
disruptions caused by, and the overall  
global economic impact of, the COVID-19 
pandemic; and (xviii) other factors
described in more detail in Cat Financial’s 
Forms 10-Q, 10-K and other filings with  
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Certain statements in this report relate to 
future events and expectations and are 
forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believe,” 
“estimate,” “will be,” “will,” “would,” 
“expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “project,” 
“intend,” “could,” “should” or other similar 
words or expressions often identify forward-
looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact are forward-
looking statements, including, without 
limitation, statements regarding our outlook, 
projections, forecasts or trend descriptions. 
These statements do not guarantee future 
performance and speak only as of the date 
they are made, and we do not undertake to 
update our forward-looking statements.

Caterpillar’s actual results may differ 
materially from those described or implied in 
our forward-looking statements based on a 
number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: (i) disruptions or volatility in global financial
markets limiting our sources of liquidity; (ii) 
failure to maintain our credit ratings and 
potential resulting increases to our cost of 
borrowing and adverse effects on our cost  
of funds, liquidity, competitive position and 
access to capital markets; (iii) changes in 
interest rates, currency fluctuations or  
market liquidity conditions; (iv) an increase  
in delinquencies, repossessions or net losses 

Visit caterpillar.com/sustainability to learn more about how we’re 
helping our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

© 2023 Caterpillar. All Rights Reserved. CAT, CATERPILLAR, LET’S DO THE WORK, their respective logos, “Caterpillar Corporate Yellow”, the “Power Edge” and Cat “Modern Hex” trade dress 
as well as corporate and product identity used herein, are trademarks of Caterpillar and may not be used without permission.

With 2022 sales and revenues of 59.4 billion, Caterpillar Inc. is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel electric locomotives.

For nearly 100 years, we’ve been helping customers build a better, more sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a reduced carbon future.

Our innovative products and services, backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value that helps customers succeed.

Caterpillar does business on every continent, principally operating through three primary segments Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation and providing financing and related services through our Financial Products segment.

With nearly a century of sustainable innovation, Caterpillar has a legacy of providing products and services that continually improve the quality of life and the environment by helping our customers fulfill society’s need for infrastructure in a sustainable way.

The world is transitioning toward a lower carbon future, and Caterpillar supports efforts to mitigate climate change.

We are making significant progress to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from our operations, and our customers rely on Caterpillar to provide a diverse portfolio of products, services and solutions that lower GHG emissions, improve efficiency and productivity, and deliver energy flexibility.

As a leading global equipment and services provider, we believe the energy transition expands opportunities for profitable growth in a variety of ways.

For example, we are helping our customers meet accelerating mined commodity demand and our products and services help address rising global energy demand for renewables and many traditional forms of energy.

The growing momentum of the energy transition will also require significant global infrastructure investment while expanding Caterpillar’s services opportunities.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader for nearly a century, and we continue to invest to meet the needs of our diverse global customer base.

We are increasing our investments in autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity and digital, and electrification (AACE).

We will continue to invest more in AACE as we work with our customers to help them achieve their sustainability objectives.

You can read about our expanded portfolio of fully electric, fuel flexible and fuel efficient products in this report.

We continue to be transparent about our goals, progress and innovations and remain committed to demonstrating shareholder responsiveness.

This is illustrated through the publication of our inaugural Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report and disclosure of our Scope 3 use of sold products emissions.

Our commitment to a reduced carbon future extends to our public policy efforts as we advocate for a thoughtful approach to identifying and advancing policies that support our customers during the energy transition.

More information is available in our 2022 Lobbying Report: The Purpose of Engagement, which we plan to issue annually.

Caterpillar’s Values in Action are the foundation for our work, guiding us on our sustainability journey.

Through the Caterpillar Foundation, we have engaged in sustainable infrastructure programs, workforce development and disaster relief in 40 countries.

We were proud to celebrate the Foundation’s 70th anniversary of helping build resilient communities.

We believe the energy transition and growing global energy demand present significant growth opportunities for Caterpillar.

Our global team, together with the Cat dealer network, is committed to enabling a reduced carbon future as we advance the products, services and solutions that help our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

Caterpillar committed to its shareholders to provide three new disclosures in 2023.

In addition to these commitments, in response to shareholder engagement gathered throughout last year, we provided an additional, new lobbying report to further enhance transparency through our disclosures.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) The TCFD Report aligns with the 11 recommended disclosures of the TCFD and summarizes how we govern our strategy to address climate related risks and opportunities and support customers in the energy transition.

Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions This report includes our first disclosure of Scope 3 emissions data for Category 11, use of sold products.

ESG Incorporated into Incentive Plan for Executive Officers As described in our 2023 Proxy Statement, we incorporated environmental, social and governance (ESG) into our 2022 incentive plan for executive officers.

Lobbying Report: The Purpose of Engagement The lobbying report provides greater transparency and disclosure of our advocacy efforts and political engagements, including Climate Lobbying, as well as a description of the oversight and management of these activities.

GOAL: We have set a science based Scope 1 and 2 goal to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 30% from 2018 to 2030.

GOAL: Implement water management strategies at 100% of facilities located in water high risk areas by 2030.

GOAL: Reduce landfill intensity by 50% from 2018 to 2030.

GOAL: 100% of Caterpillar’s new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation through collaborating with customers, reduced waste, improved design for rebuild remanufacturing, lower emissions or improved efficiency.

GOAL: Increase sales and revenues from remanufacturing offerings by 25% from 2018 to 2030.

GOAL: We aspire to prevent all injuries and will further our industry leading safety results by reducing recordable injury frequency (RIF) by 50% from 2018 to 2030.

Progress: 140 million pounds of material taken back for remanufacturing through Cat Reman1 Cat Reman1 introduced 28% more remanufactured products in 2022 than in 2021 to support sustainability and total cost of ownership initiatives Remanufacturing produces 65 87% less GHG process emissions as compared to manufacturing new parts2.

Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions and Caterpillar Defense.

Represents U.S. environmental impacts comparing gate to gate remanufacturing and manufacturing processes for engines and components.

Based on 2018 external study of Cat engines, alternators and turbochargers.

Does not include impacts elsewhere in our value chain.

Building a better, more sustainable world It has been my privilege to spend the last two decades collaborating with Caterpillar teams to advance and expand products, services and solutions for our customers.

We continue to further our commitment to sustainability, a journey that has included making it one of Our Values in Action as part of our Code of Conduct and formalizing it as a key area of focus in our enterprise strategy.

This is an exciting time to step into the role as we continue to support our customers on their sustainability journey.

Innovation and integration are two of the things we do best at Caterpillar.

We are leveraging these strengths to provide innovative products, technologies and services that help our customers meet their climate related objectives.

Additionally, we are supporting our customers throughout the energy transition as they build a better, more sustainable world.

In support of our long standing commitment to sustainability, we continuously strive for increased transparency.

This year, we will begin disclosing our Scope 3 use of sold products emissions.

We have also aligned with the TCFD framework as another step in identifying, analyzing and managing our climate related opportunities and risks.

This complements the robust risk management strategy we have in place and supports the strategic choices we are making today to create profitable growth for tomorrow.

Supporting a lower carbon future, returning people home safely, demonstrating Our Values in Action and reporting for increased transparency are the key topics highlighted in our 2022 Sustainability Report.

I invite you to read about the actions we are taking to continue to build on our legacy of providing products and services that advance sustainable progress and improve standards of living.

Caterpillar supports the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit global temperature rise, and we are committed and contributing to a reduced carbon future.

We demonstrate our commitment in many ways, including through significant progress in reducing GHG emissions from our operations.

We are helping our customers achieve their climate related goals by continuing to invest in new products, technologies and services that facilitate fuel flexibility, increased operational efficiency and reduced emissions.

We updated our enterprise strategy to include sustainability as a strategic focus area, together with operational excellence, expanded offerings and services given the opportunities presented by the energy transition and our work to help our customers achieve their climate related objectives.

The energy transition is one of the world’s challenges, but one that presents numerous opportunities.

This is especially true for Caterpillar, as we develop products and services designed to support the energy transition and growing energy demand.

Building Infrastructure Our construction equipment helps build the infrastructure for the energy transition.

Our mining equipment supports the increased demand in critical materials, such as copper, lithium, nickel and cobalt, required for electric vehicles, battery storage, wind and solar power, and grid modernization and stability.

Enhancing Energy Reliability Increasing renewable power in electric grids creates opportunities for distributed power generation.

Customers utilize our reciprocating engine generator sets and gas turbines to support electric grid stability.

Optimizing Natural Gas Natural gas is expected to play an important role in the transition to renewable energy.

Our reciprocating engines and gas turbines are widely used across the globe in upstream natural gas production and transmission.

Increasing Alternative Fuels We offer machines and engines that are capable of operating on alternative fuels such as hydrogen, biogas, hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) and biodiesel, while continuing to develop technologies for the future.

Using expertise gained from Caterpillar’s collaboration with customer Rio Tinto to develop the Cat 789 at its Gudai Darri iron ore mine in Western Australia, Caterpillar introduced the fully autonomous Cat 777G water solutions truck in 2022.

The 777G integrates a truck, tank and water delivery system with Cat technology to help manage the site with enhanced safety and productivity while using less water to control dust at mining and quarry sites.

Alternative Fuels Fuel choice is one way that customers can reduce lifecycle GHG emissions today.

Many Caterpillar products operate on lower carbon intensity fuels, including biodiesel, renewable diesel and biogas.

These fuels reduce lifecycle GHG emissions in the fuel value chain GHG emissions at the tailpipe are essentially the same as traditional fuels.

For example, all Caterpillar diesel engines can operate on 100% HVO.

This includes the Cat C Series engines a Swedish commercial and industrial equipment supplier uses to power its mining and construction equipment.

In 2022, the supplier completed testing its range of machines to confirm they can operate with HVO without modifications to the engines or the fuel tanks.

Now more than ever, our customers rely on us to provide diverse products, services and technology that help lower GHG emissions, improve efficiency and productivity and deliver energy flexibility.

We are here to support our customers’ needs in their sustainability journey.

Over the past 20 years, we have invested more than 30 billion in R D to deliver best in class innovation, including autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity and digital, and electrification (AACE) technologies.

We integrate the energy technologies developed by our Energy Transportation (E T) segment into machines manufactured by our Resource Industries (RI) and Construction Industries (CI) segments, providing an advantage to our customers as we help them achieve their objectives.

Going forward, we will continue to invest in these areas as we work with customers to help further their sustainability objectives.

Autonomous Technology Caterpillar leads the industry in autonomy.

We have the largest autonomous truck fleet in the world, with over 580 machines and more launching every year.

Autonomy drives operations consistency for our customers resulting in zero reported lost time injuries, productivity improvement of up to 30% over staffed fleets, enhancing fuel efficiency, and reducing associated GHG emissions.

Today, our autonomous portfolio goes beyond haul trucks to include water trucks, drills, dozers, wheel loaders and underground loaders all of which can be operated remotely from thousands of miles away.

SUPPORTING A LOWER CARBON FUTURE In addition, Caterpillar engines operating on natural gas blended with up to 100% hydrogen are being demonstrated in power generation projects today turbines can operate on up to 100% hydrogen.

These and other projects are helping to demonstrate the viability of potential fuel sources like hydrogen while the infrastructure to support availability of renewable hydrogen is being developed.

In the maritime industry, we’re committed to supporting our customers’ climate related objectives through methanol powered solutions, which are efficient, cost effective, and meet Caterpillar fuel standards.

Green methanol, an important candidate as a future fuel for the shipping industry, is easily stored aboard ships and can provide lower carbon intensity.

Caterpillar’s investment in lean burn natural gas technology, microgrid controls, and energy storage has provided our customers flexibility to utilize alternative energy technologies and the opportunity for customers to reduce their carbon footprint.

Exploration drilling has historically been powered by diesel or dynamic gas blending (DGB) technology, which consumes diesel and natural gas.

Now with a fully integrated solution, Caterpillar can provide customers with a 100% natural gas solution, combining the best from its lean burn engines and microgrid technologies.

Drilling rigs powered by Cat natural gas generators, such as the G3512, paired with an energy storage system provide customers with the same industry leading responsiveness experienced with Cat diesel engines.

The benefits include a reduction of up to 80% nitric oxide, 11% CO2, and up to 30% engine runtime.

With the ability to run on field gas, this gas hybrid solution can reduce the need for flaring while creating a fuel cost savings of up to 85% and reducing operational GHG emissions.

Connectivity For more than 20 years, Caterpillar has been connecting machines and using telematics to create machine insights.

The data from 1.4 million connected assets helps customers operate their fleets more efficiently to optimize productivity and conserve resources such as fuel.

When in search of ways to sustainably provide seafood in the future, it makes sense to do so in a manner that minimizes the operation’s environmental footprint.

This is why California based Pacific6 Enterprises has turned to Caterpillar Marine to pilot a parallel battery hybrid propulsion system for a first of its kind aquaculture farming vessel.

Powered by a Cat C18 engine, this next generation hybrid architecture boat will leverage proven electrical systems and integrated components from Caterpillar’s construction and mining product lines.

The vessel will be equipped with 961 kWh of battery capacity, supplied by Caterpillar to help enable zero exhaust emissions when operating solely on battery power in both farming operations and port departure and entry.

Caterpillar Marine also will provide the complete integration of the hybrid propulsion system, reducing the number of installed diesel engines from two to one.

A large scale project high in the Austrian Alps demonstrates the role of Cat construction machines in supporting the energy transition.

The Kuhtai Dam project is Europe’s largest current construction site, carries a 1 billion price tag and spans two 3,000 meter high mountains.

When complete in 2026, the dam will store more than 33 million cubic meters of water that will power a hydroelectric plant to provide a significant amount of renewable energy for the region.

It’s a job for which Cat machines are uniquely suited, based on prior deployments at high altitudes and in even colder mining conditions.

Caterpillar and Cat dealer Zeppelin worked closely with the customer to cover every detail and special need: from ensuring that all 16 new machines arrived at the site in a timely manner to modifying the equipment to accommodate the mountainous terrain to deploying fast fueling technology.

We added to our software portfolio in 2022 with the acquisition of Tangent Energy Solutions, which provides customers turnkey solutions for reducing energy costs, monetizing electric grid support, and providing resiliency for customer operations.

Tangent Energy’s proprietary software solutions monitor patterns from grid and client facilities, analyze opportunities in energy markets, and dispatch resources to maximize returns without disrupting normal business operations.

Electrification Caterpillar is committed to delivering robust electrified products and solutions for our customers.

We are gaining valuable experience from our initial introductions of battery powered equipment and the additional battery powered machines and chargers under development will help our customers achieve their climate related objectives.

Electric drivetrains and hybrid powertrains employ an electric drive transmission with power components to improve energy efficiency and productivity.

The Cat D11 XE4 dozer, for example, harnesses the power and efficiency of an electric drive.

Now in full production, the dozer’s electric drive system provides constant power to the ground with continuous pushing and greater maneuverability, leading to faster cycle times and improved fuel efficiency compared to previous models.

For mining customers, the electric Cat R1700 XE LHD offers 100% battery electric propulsion, producing zero exhaust emissions and significantly less heat than a reciprocating engine powered model for underground mining operations.

The new underground LHD supports customers seeking reduced carbon opportunities.

Caterpillar designed batteries can power a variety of industrial applications.

Numerous products using electrification are currently in development, including 48V, 300V, and 600V batteries and four battery electric machine prototypes the 301.9 mini excavator, 320 medium excavator, 950 GC medium wheel loader and 906 compact wheel loader.

The machines are powered by Cat battery prototypes and include an onboard AC charger.

The lithium ion battery range features a modular design that offers flexible configurations across multiple applications.

The batteries are engineered to be scalable to industry and customer performance needs and maximize sustainability throughout their lifecycle, including recycle and reuse at the end of life.

Regulatory Compliance In addition to investments in new technologies to support the energy transition, we’re committed to ensuring traditionally powered machines and equipment are as efficient as possible and compliant with stringent emissions regulations.

Caterpillar provides U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Tier 4 Final, European Union (EU) Stage V or equivalent products in North America, Europe, and select regions around the world.

These products provide up to a 90% reduction in emissions (nitrogen oxides and particulate matter) compared to U.S. EPA Tier 3 or EU Stage IIIA emission standards.

Product improvements in each segment provide customers with cost saving benefits of improved fuel efficiency and fuel flexibility.

Modular offerings allow customization of products to optimize technology.

To learn about more product highlights and recent announcements, see our sustainability news.

In support of the energy transition, Caterpillar is investing to transform our Tucson Proving Ground, located in Green Valley, Arizona, into a working, sustainable mine site of the future by installing and utilizing a variety of renewable energy sources.

The objective is to implement the same sustainability solutions that mining companies will use at their own operations and learn firsthand what it takes to run an electrified mine site and effectively support customers through the energy transition.

The transformation of the Tucson Proving Ground allows us to better demonstrate our energy transition commitments and serve as an advisor to customers as we navigate the integration of new technologies together.

The site will leverage a variety of renewable power sources, including wind and solar, capable of powering the facility and its products as they become electrified.

In addition, the transformation of the facility will serve as a learning platform for optimizing charging and energy management integration.

Caterpillar demonstrated its first battery electric 793 large mining truck prototype in 2022 as part of a growing portfolio of innovative electrified solutions with support from key mining customers participating in Caterpillar’s Early Learner program.

The program focuses on accelerating the development and validation of Cat battery electric trucks at participating customers’ sites.

This approach supports the climate related objectives of the program’s participants, including BHP, Freeport McMoRan, Newmont Corporation, Rio Tinto and Teck Resources Limited.

A primary objective of the program is for Caterpillar to collaborate more closely with customers as the industry undergoes transformational change through the energy transition.

Machine technical feasibility Validate technical assumptions.

Product and technology validation Refine requirements Process development.

Fleet optimization Validate production intent Infrastructure learnings .

They are designed to withstand heavy duty operating conditions and to be restored and used for multiple lifecycles, reducing the need for raw materials and associated GHG emissions.

Designing products and components to be used throughout multiple service lifecycles is the essence of our remanufacturing approach across multiple products and brands.

Increase sales and revenues from remanufacturing offerings by 25% from 2018 to 2030.

Data includes remanufacturing offerings provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions and Caterpillar Defense.

In March 1973, Caterpillar established itself as the first company in the United States (U.S.) with its own diesel truck engine remanufacturing plant and released the first direct injection truck engine from its assembly line.

Prior to that, an aging diesel truck engine in the United States was usually replaced with a new one after it passed the 120,000 mile mark.

In the years following, the Cat Reman product line expanded to encompass most of the industries Caterpillar serves today.

Less energy and material are needed because we don’t have to harvest and assemble all the raw material required for new.

We’re starting with core parts that can be reused not manufacturing a completely new part.

Rather, the remanufacturing process uses the existing resource to build it back to like new condition.

Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense.

Represents Cat Reman customers’ end of life components ( core ) returned to Caterpillar by dealers, as a percentage of core returned plus unreturned core eligible for credit no later than 2022.

Represents U.S. environmental impacts comparing gate to gate remanufacturing and manufacturing processes for engines and components.

Based on 2018 external study of Cat engines, alternators and turbochargers.

Does not include impacts elsewhere in our value chain.

Progress Rail Progress Rail extends the use of existing locomotives by providing rebuild, overhaul and repower options.

These modernization programs upgrade electrical and mechanical systems and other components to extend locomotive life by 10 years or more with appropriate maintenance.

We also offer reconditioning or repair services for freight cars and a wide range of components, ensuring value added returns are available for customers and reducing annual maintenance costs.

When locomotives and railcars finally reach the end of their usable lives, they can be recycled for other uses through Progress Rail’s scrap management services.

We also provide rail take up and inspection services, including grading of previously used rail that is then recycled, repurposed for other non rail uses, or relayed into track.

In 2022, Progress Rail processed about 70,000 gross tons of material from its scrap management services.

Solar Turbines Solar Turbines remanufactures turbine components to support the overhaul business.

Through advanced remanufacturing processes, components are returned to like new condition.

Once components have been certified, they are used in major assemblies and integrated into the overhaul engine exchange fleet.

This allows customers to exchange their engines in days rather than months of downtime.

A similar process is used to remanufacture our gas compressor components.

The exchange equipment is tested and certified to the same performance and emission specifications as new equipment and may receive the latest enhancements and design improvements, as required.

Solar continues to expand remanufacturing capabilities and invest in condition based engineering, which allows for more finite determination of remaining useful life.

Condition based engineering improves remanufactured content and extends overhaul cycles while ensuring quality at every step.

The company has made significant investments in internal repair and remanufacturing capability.

Additionally, Solar partners with its suppliers to remanufacture and extend the life of various turbomachinery components.

As a result, Solar’s remanufactured content has grown steadily over the years and provides significant support to overhauled turbomachinery equipment worldwide.

The company also continues to invest in facilities around the world to expand capabilities with the goal of reducing transportation and providing a faster customer response.

It is designed to withstand heavy duty operating conditions and to be restored and used for multiple lifecycles.

Cat Reman gives materials a new life, delivers sustainability benefits to our customers and helps Caterpillar contribute to the circular economy.

Caterpillar has been remanufacturing for 50 years of our nearly 100 years in business.

Today, remanufacturing is at the heart of our strategy to help customers build a better, more sustainable world.

When a component reaches the end of its initial serviceable life, a dealer can return the used component, or core, to Caterpillar.

That core is cleaned, inspected, salvaged and remanufactured to original factory quality and performance specifications.

Cat Reman uses state of the art salvage techniques, strict reuse guidelines, and advanced remanufacturing processes and quality controls to ensure that remanufactured products provide like new performance, coupled with a same as new warranty.

That means when a customer purchases a Cat Reman product, they’re getting an affordable, accessible product that performs like new and one they can say supports a circular economy.

We work together throughout our primary segments CI, RI and E T to expand the enterprise’s offerings to our customers, lower their costs and provide quick turnarounds.

Remanufacturing is a true win win for both our customers and the company.

Cat Certified Rebuild In the same spirit as Cat Reman, Cat Certified Rebuild programs increase the lifespan of equipment by providing customers with product updates at a fraction of the cost of buying a new machine, enabling us to extend the life of materials.

A complete Cat Certified Rebuild includes more than 350 tests and inspections, automatic replacement or reconditioning of approximately 7,000 parts, and a like new machine warranty.

Trained dealer service professionals perform rebuild work using genuine parts while incorporating the latest engineering updates.

Caterpillar provides information, data, training and service tools to help dealers decide which parts to reuse to achieve the expected longevity of rebuilt components.

Since 1985, Caterpillar and Cat dealers have rebuilt more than 43,000 machines, powertrains and components.

Caterpillar Energy Solutions X Change The X Change program is a parts replacement program for medium and large MWM and Cat branded engines and a great example of circular economy principles.

By remanufacturing and selling X Change parts, engines and gensets, customers benefit from quick and cost effective overhauls and repair services, maximizing uptime.

The replaced parts that reached the initial serviceable lifetime are returned to Caterpillar Energy Solutions where they are cleaned, disassembled, inspected and remanufactured to like new condition.

Technology updates that could potentially reduce emissions and increase efficiency and reliability are included.

Caterpillar Defense Supporting U.S. and allied military forces and governmental agencies worldwide, Caterpillar Defense responds to each operation’s individual needs for machines, engines, power generation, services and support, offering solutions that extend the lifecycle of products.

Through the U.S. Military Service Life Extension Program (SLEP), Cat dealers give machines a complete second lifecycle at a fraction of new replacement cost.

Caterpillar trained and qualified technicians conduct repairs on military bases and customize replacement parts for local needs.

Caterpillar is contributing to a reduced carbon future by investing in new products, technologies and solutions to help our customers meet their climate related objectives.

We have committed that 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation.

Caterpillar will continue to support our diverse range of global customers while executing our strategy for long term profitable growth.

Caterpillar is represented by durable, reliable and innovative products.

Many of our products are built to be rebuilt and our remanufacturing options deliver multiple sustainability benefits.

By returning components at the end of their initial serviceable lives to like new condition, we reduce waste and minimize the need for the raw material, energy and water to produce new parts.

Caterpillar utilizes guidance from the GHG Protocol to calculate Scope 3 GHG emissions.

Our Scope 3 emissions are estimated to be more than 95% of the company’s total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions inventory.1 Given the company’s large, global customer base covering a diverse set of industries, including construction and mining equipment, off highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, diesel electric locomotives, and others, Category 11 use of sold products is our largest Scope 3 category.

The remaining fourteen categories of estimated Scope 3 emissions are either not relevant or are immaterial, representing collectively less than 5% of our total Scope 3 emissions.

The five year trend of Caterpillar’s estimated Scope 3 use of sold products emissions illustrates annual emissions at the enterprise level and by primary business segment CI, RI and E T as well as the enterprise sales and revenues trend and emissions intensity (MT CO2e divided by enterprise sales and revenues).

Most of Caterpillar’s emissions come from products with high power output, high fuel consumption, high runtime and long product life.

In some cases, product life extends decades through service life extension activities including rebuilds, remanufacturing and overhauls.

The impact of macroeconomic conditions on global markets, including the COVID 19 pandemic, had an effect on enterprise emissions due to product mix changes and lower unit volume shipped in 2020 and 2021.

Caterpillar’s sales and revenues reflect strong growth from 2020 through 2022, however, emissions remained essentially flat during this period, primarily due to product mix and volume changes across our portfolio.

The resulting product mix change is dependent on market and customer trends, especially in certain emissions intensive industries that changed significantly since 2019.

As of the date of this report, Scope 3 use of sold products emissions are expected to increase in 2023 based on customer demand, as well as anticipated shifts in product mix and customer and business trends.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader for nearly a century.

We have significant experience developing innovative technologies through consistent R D investments intended to allow us to maintain technology leadership.

Caterpillar remains committed to helping our customers achieve their climate related objectives and providing long term profitable growth for our shareholders.

Today, for example, all gas turbines offered by Caterpillar can operate on hydrogen blends and some of these turbines can operate on 100% hydrogen.

We also offer reciprocating generator sets capable of operating on hydrogen blends and the Cat G3516H gas generator set can be configured to use 100% hydrogen.

Our products can use an increasingly wide range of fuels, including renewable fuels, biodiesels, biogas, hydrogen blends and HVO.

We also continue to invest in power sources that offer lower emissions without sacrificing performance.

To support our customers’ climate related objectives, Caterpillar offers modern engines and drive trains equipped with the latest technologies that improve fuel efficiency, reduce emissions and translate into cost savings for our customers.

Caterpillar is also committed to delivering robust electrified products and solutions for our customers.

We are gaining valuable experience from our initial introductions of battery powered equipment and additional battery powered machines and chargers under development will help our customers achieve their climate related objectives.

Built on proven technology, the lithium ion battery range features a modular design that offers flexible configurations across multiple applications.

The batteries are engineered to be scalable to industry and customer performance needs and maximize sustainability throughout their lifecycle, including recycle and reuse at the end of life.

Caterpillar demonstrated our first battery electric 793 large mining truck prototype, operated fully loaded at its rated capacity in a live demonstration with key mining customers in November 2022.

Our electric Cat R1700 XE LHD offers 100% battery electric propulsion, producing zero exhaust emissions for underground mining operations.

Our CI segment is expanding its product portfolio and displayed four battery powered electric machines in October 2022.

Our E T segment has initiated numerous sustainability innovations covering a range of technologies through both organic and inorganic growth and development, including the acquisition of CarbonPoint Solutions, which provides customers access to carbon capture solutions.

Caterpillar also offers Cat Energy Storage System, or ESS, a rapidly deployable electric power solution to help customers integrate multiple power sources on a worksite.

Cat ESS can provide grid stabilization, transient assist and renewable energy storage.

Learn more about Caterpillar’s sustainability related product innovations and solutions.

Now more than ever, our customers rely on us to provide diverse products, services and technology that help lower GHG emissions, improve efficiency and productivity and deliver energy flexibility.

The opportunities presented by the energy transition and our work to help our customers achieve their climate related objectives led us to add sustainability as a focus area of Caterpillar’s enterprise strategy.

We have committed that 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation.

Caterpillar will continue to support our diverse range of global customers while executing our strategy for long term profitable growth.

We work to reduce GHG emissions in our operations while also minimizing water use and waste generation.

Environmentally efficient operations align with our strategy for operational excellence across the enterprise.

Guided by our enterprise sustainability goals, we have demonstrated progress and are committed to reaching our targets.

Caterpillar manages hundreds of facilities worldwide and some of these operations, especially our manufacturing sites, are energy intensive.

To reduce our energy consumption and our GHG emissions, we are improving energy efficiency, investing in renewable power generation technologies, and considering new solutions.

Likewise, we are making other environmental improvements to conserve water by implementing best management practices, notably at facilities located in water stressed regions, and managing waste through improved recycling and waste minimization activities.

Our enterprise energy management team builds awareness, encourages action and develops improvements in energy efficiency and renewable power generation.

These solutions include installing renewable energy technologies, such as photovoltaics (PV) or microgrid installations that combine PV with battery storage to supplement and offset electricity generated with diesel fuel at off grid locations.

One significant contribution to alternative energy consumption is the operation of combined heat and power (CHP) systems to power several manufacturing facilities.

The energy management team evaluates opportunities for replication of CHP, PV and microgrids at other locations.

We continue to assess new ways to upgrade systems and make facilities more efficient.

An example of energy innovation can be found at our facility in Lafayette, Indiana, which conducts endurance testing for many Cat products.

Testing runs 24 hours a day to provide valuable data insights to improve our products, and the process produces large amounts of energy.

Rather than waste this energy, our team at the facility has utilized Cat gensets to harness the energy and use it for supplemental facility power.

In addition to contributing to Caterpillar’s goal to reduce absolute GHG emissions from our operations by 30% from 2018 to 2030, this change has saved the facility more than 8.5 million.

EHS Management System We maintain high standards for environmental, health and safety (EHS) throughout the company.

Caterpillar’s EHS Management System, documented in our EHS assurance manual, establishes foundational requirements and best management practices for all workplaces globally, including majority owned subsidiaries and majority owned joint ventures.

Our facilities assess compliance with our requirements annually, and our EHS assessment team reviews those assessments while conducting more in depth audits of select facilities each year.

Beyond meeting standard expectations, facilities implement initiatives to enhance safety, decrease energy use and increase productivity.

As facilities evaluate potential environmental initiatives, they also consider annual investment required, total anticipated cost savings and average pay back period.

We invite facilities to report emissions reduction activities through internal awards and recognition processes.

We have set a science based Scope 1 and 2 goal to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 30% from 2018 to 2030.

Implement water management strategies at 100% of facilities located in water high risk areas by 2030.

Reduce landfill intensity by 50% from 2018 to 2030.

The safety and well being of those who work in our facilities and those who work in, on and around our Caterpillar products is of the utmost importance for Caterpillar and one of the hallmarks of our operational excellence.

We relentlessly strive to ensure our workforce returns home safely every day.

We contribute toward a global environment where people can live safe, healthy and productive lives.

Safety is forefront in our strategic goals and metrics, with visible commitment and support of leadership.

We believe the best way to drive a culture of safety excellence is to create an environment where each person and team is accountable for their own safety and the safety of those around them.

Additionally, we nurture a culture of learning in which we continually enhance safety through training and experiences.

Creating Accountability for Everyone We believe safety is both management and employee led.

From practical expertise, our employees can create and champion their own safety improvements.

We provide every employee, especially newly hired employees, with knowledge to perform their job safely, and leaders regularly receive training on safety compliance and setting an example for a strong safety culture.

These actions help us manage risk while creating a culture focused on learning, speaking up and protecting those around us.

We track enterprise metrics and targets as well as individual business unit goals.

Common enterprise targets create structure and accountability, while business unit strategies focus on safety culture to create opportunities for innovation.

We drive clear accountability with our EHS management system, that establishes expectations worldwide.

Safety Performance We improved our recordable injury frequency (RIF) rate by 17% from our 2018 base year, although our performance declined by 7% in 2022 from 2021.

This performance came on the heels of the pandemic and during a period of rapid growth in our operations that included hiring a significant number of new employees.

While we are proud of our progress, we are also deeply saddened that an employee suffered a fatal workplace injury at one of our facilities during the year.

This incident highlights that safety must always remain our focus and further strengthens our safety resolve.

Setting the Bar Higher As we pursue our 2030 goal, business unit leaders are engaged in our safety vision.

We are strengthening Caterpillar’s safety focused culture, further enhanced by encouraging employee involvement in partnering with leaders to develop safety solutions.

Feedback, problem solving dialogue and initiatives foster increased trust and collective ownership.

Providing safety learning opportunities for our leaders, safety professionals and employees enhances our efforts.

Our goal is challenging but is vitally important as we focus on the safety of our employees.

At our Caterpillar India Private Limited facility in Thiruvallur, a team including engineering, safety and management worked alongside our shop floor employees to improve ergonomics throughout the assembly processes.

Through a variety of lifting tables and devices, we eliminated high risk lifting activities.

We also developed a governance dashboard to confirm the improvements are sustained.

As a result, ergonomic risk decreased, efficiency improved and employees were engaged in enhancing the safety of their area.

Introducing electric drives to construction machinery brings challenges in fire control, storage and emergency response.

To support safe implementation, a cross functional team from safety, purchasing, quality, logistics, operations and engineering developed a safety manual to guide the manufacturing process.

The manual was developed using industry best practices, and the team conducted a pilot to enhance its effectiveness.

We aspire to prevent all injuries and will further our industry leading safety results by reducing RIF by 50% from 2018 to 2030.

Caterpillar’s commitment to safety goes beyond our employees and facilities.

Caterpillar Safety Services provides coaching to customers at every stage in their journey toward safety excellence and change enablement.

This team supports our dealers, suppliers and customers using cultural assessment tools, continuous improvement processes, risk management technology and a wealth of industry focused safety resources.

Human Centered Change Management Companies across the globe recognize the need for change management, and integrating it into their operating philosophies.

A successful, people centered change management process results in more engagement of the workforce, increased commitment to the cause, and enhanced performance.

Provide leadership in the safety of people who work in, on and around our products.

Even companies with high safety performance must focus on continuous improvement.

That is why a global leader in the construction and maintenance of transport infrastructure turned to Caterpillar Safety Services to enhance its safety culture.

With the help of experts from Caterpillar Safety Services, the organization launched a Journey to Goal Zero as a corporate wide safety program involving 5,000 employees.

The approach was simple: make safety everyone’s responsibility.

Through cross functional rapid improvement workshops, they turned over control of safety to employees in the field, asking them to rebuild safety processes from the ground up based on their frontline knowledge.

The other significant change: using positive recognition rather than focusing on what’s wrong to measure performance.

On the other side of the transformation was an empowered team that began to take continuous improvement into their own hands precisely what needed to happen to move from average to excellent.

At Caterpillar, we believe in The Power of Everyone as a source of innovation and competitive advantage.

Our people come from across the globe, with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives united by Our Values in Action.

Our employees care deeply about our mission and purpose and play an important role in helping our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

Starting on day one, we encourage employees to focus on continuous learning so they can develop their skills and grow their career.

We offer meaningful work in an inclusive environment with rewarding opportunities, growth and development throughout every phase in an employee’s career.

We provide a variety of opportunities for learning and development because our employees learn in different ways: Upskilling via formal classroom virtual learning to build skills and capabilities so employees can continue to problem solve, innovate and meet the changing.

Experiential learning to create opportunities for employees to learn by doing, with real time space to learn, fail and grow.

Mentoring to accelerate interpersonal and professional development by pairing employees up with someone more experienced.

In 2022, over 5,000 employees participated in professional development sessions on topics ranging from career development to thriving on a global team to inclusive leadership.

With over 2.1 million course completions, our learning offerings continued to be an important resource for employees to grow their skills.

We hire high school, college and graduate students into roles that provide in person or hybrid experiential learning opportunities to enhance their skills and develop hands on knowledge of our business: Hired over 2,000 early career employees from 150 colleges and universities around the world.

Hosted nearly 500 U.S. based interns virtually and in person at the Edwards Demonstration Center in Edwards, Illinois, to grow business acumen and teach them about Caterpillar and the rewarding career opportunities we provide.

Half of the early career hires at Cat Digital are former interns.

We lay a strong foundation for the employee experience starting with the onboarding process.

Our Strategic Procurement and Planning Division created a program to help new employees in the division define what success looks like for them.

Through access to learning programs and networking opportunities, these employees have tools to help them perform today and upskill for the future.

We support employee development through our 14 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), where members have access to personal and professional growth opportunities.

Our employees are also active in many external professional partnerships, technical societies and organizations focused on networking and growing skills.

We’ve nearly doubled year over year hiring in professional affiliations like the Society of Women Engineers, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, National Society of Black Engineers and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.

Our goal to grow services was the focus of two development courses.

Over 2,000 attendees across the enterprise participated in the Commercial Acumen Program, enhancing our marketing, sales and product support employees’ understanding of our business segments with a focus on services growth.

Our CI segment introduced a six week Services Learning Accelerator program to give employees a deeper understanding of how they can support our growth goals.

The Electric Power Division is helping employees develop a customer centric mindset.

More than 225 employees are building competency in consultative sales and embracing an owner’s mindset through a new sales excellence curriculum.

The investment is helping grow services and adapt to a changing energy landscape.

At Caterpillar, we respect freedom of association and where we have unions, works councils and other forms of employee representation, we always strive to have respectful, values based labor management relationships.

We also collectively bargain, inform and consult in good faith, fully complying with all country labor management laws and standards.

Additionally, we understand and respect that there are also employees who may prefer or choose not to be represented, and we have the same direct and positive relationship with them.

Most important and through Our Values in Action, regardless of whether represented or non represented, we foster a positive employee relations environment built on trust, confidence and respect.

Nearly 10,000 employees completed a new career planning and development course, where they learned how to discover career aspirations, hold meaningful career discussions with their manager and set development goals.

We also launched a personalized digital platform, available in 60 languages to provide enrolled employees with coaching on personal and professional goals.

To ready a new generation of leaders, we refreshed our by invitation leadership development programs for front line, mid level and executive leaders.

Our programs focus on helping leaders develop skills like coaching, change management, effective communications, giving feedback, creating psychological safety and building an inclusive culture.

Our front line leadership program focuses on core skills critical to developing leadership capability.

Based on real life challenges and opportunities, nearly 42% of front line leaders completed a structured, four month training that included on demand and on the job exercises to maximize capability building.

Our success depends on having a pipeline of skilled talent at all levels of the organization.

Through rigorous selection processes and relevant development, we ensure a deep bench of capable talent now and in the future.

That’s why Caterpillar’s Total Rewards package is designed to keep our employees performing at their best at work, home and in their communities.

Our Total Health offerings nurture our whole selves, including programs for our physical, emotional and financial well being, as well as opportunities to promote social health and a sense of purpose.

Our Total Health Highlights campaigns increase knowledge of important health issues and encourage adopting healthy behaviors.

Helpful resources are published online and delivered through our Total Health Champions, a global network of over 100 employee volunteers who share their passion for wellness.

This team coordinates programs and events that emphasize the importance of good health, including quarterly health education and awareness campaigns customized to our employees’ needs.

Our monthly U.S. financial health webinar series covers topics that help our employees budget, save, plan and invest for their futures.

We also offered a Retirewise four part series that provided hands on ways our employees can get and stay on track financially.

Our Total Rewards Package Promotes Overall Well Being Our commitment to health and well being includes our employees and their families.

We offer a variety of benefits to both our full and part time global workforce that extends to employees’ spouses, same sex domestic partners and dependents.

Benefits vary by country, but may include: Health care coverage, including medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, and preventive exams and testing Tax savings accounts, including flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts and commuter parking transit accounts.

Parental and adoption leave and infertility benefits.

Life and disability insurance Retirement savings plans Time off benefits, including vacation, holidays and paid volunteer time Additional voluntary benefits, such as accident insurance, legal services and identify theft.

At Caterpillar, we are committed to continuous improvement.

We believe feedback plays a big role in helping us improve, and we prioritize listening and taking action to create a culture where employees can do their best work.

We care about the employee experience and seek to make it better.

Each year, every employee is invited to participate in the confidential Employee Insights survey and provide their feedback and perspectives.

We made important changes to our employee listening programs.

The enhancements give leaders the insights they need to make better decisions about how to lead their teams and ways to effectively influence business outcomes through people.

We know there are moments that matter throughout an employee’s career.

Gathering insights from our new hires help us understand the onboarding experience.

We gauge whether they feel welcome, have a sense of belonging and connection to the organization’s mission, have the tools and resources to enable them to do their job, and are proud to work here.

Diversity Inclusion At Caterpillar, we are committed to fostering a diverse workforce and an inclusive environment, and believe that diversity and inclusion (D I) is a journey, not a destination.

We are proud of our progress and remain committed to continually working to ensure our workplace is diverse and representative of the countries in which we operate and the customers we serve around the globe.

We continue to take action to ensure an inclusive environment where all employees have opportunities for personal and professional development and are welcome to learn, connect and foster a sense of belonging.

Visit our D I Webpage and read our D I Report to learn more.

Our employees say our greatest strength is providing challenging and meaningful work.

Scores were at or above the benchmark on all survey questions.

Maintained the progress we’ve made over the past four years on the Inclusion Index scores.

Caterpillar’s first ERG, the Caterpillar African American Network (CAAN), was formed in 2002 and became the blueprint for Caterpillar’s 13 other ERGs.

CAAN has had a significant impact on our company, our culture and our community.

While they were recruiting, mentoring, developing support systems and creating a sense of community for Black employees, they were also creating the prototype or roadmap for others to follow and do the same.

A robust governance framework and responsible business practices create long term value for our shareholders, strengthens board and management accountability and builds trust in the company and our brand.

Our board of directors has direct oversight of our climate and sustainability efforts.

Recognizing the increasing complexity and stakeholder interest in climate, sustainability, and other ESG issues, in 2022, the board created the Sustainability other Public Policy Committee (SPPC) to oversee all the public policy matters previously overseen by the Public Policy and Governance Committee.

In addition, the SPPC has explicit oversight over sustainability, social and other public policy matters, including those related to the environment, climate change, human rights and lobbying.

Management’s sustainability governance includes our CEO and all executive officers who report directly to the CEO, including the Chief Sustainability Officer.

Additional information about Caterpillar’s corporate governance policies and procedures can be found in the governance section of our corporate website.

Climate Action Caterpillar is committed and contributing to a reduced carbon future.

We demonstrate our commitment in many ways, including through significant progress in reducing greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and by continuing to invest in new products, technologies and services to help our customers meet their climate related objectives.

We will continue to support our diverse range of global customers while executing our strategy for long term profitable growth.

The opportunities presented by the energy transition and our work to help our customers achieve their climate related objectives led us to include sustainability as a focus area of Caterpillar’s enterprise strategy.

We are demonstrating shareholder responsiveness by making further enhancements to our climate disclosures.

We continue to execute our strategy for the benefit of our customers, employees, shareholders and other stakeholders.

Caterpillar’s shareholders have demonstrated interest in more transparency and a better understanding of our political engagement strategy.

We value their input and diverse perspectives and are implementing a number of key changes based on shareholder feedback.

Caterpillar values the diverse perspectives and input of our shareholders.

Through regular, ongoing shareholder engagement, we hear their interest in how Caterpillar is addressing and reporting on climate change, as well as how our company is contributing to a reduced carbon future.

We have responded to shareholder feedback, for example, by disclosing our Scope 3 use of sold products emissions and by disclosing our inaugural TCFD report.

From energy transition to infrastructure investments to skilled workforce development and more, we focus on policy areas that help our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

Caterpillar’s shareholders have demonstrated interest in more transparency and a better understanding of our political engagement strategy.

We value their input and diverse perspectives and are implementing a number of key changes based on shareholder feedback.

Our Values in Action, governing laws and strategy for profitable growth continue to guide how we act and manage, whom we engage with and our areas of focus.

Caterpillar published its inaugural lobbying report, The Purpose of Engagement, in February 2023.

The report provides greater transparency and disclosure of the company’s U.S. political engagement strategy, including a description of the governance oversight and management of these activities.

The report also outlines climate lobbying efforts focused on supporting Caterpillar’s customers during the energy transition, Caterpillar’s relationships with U.S. trade and industry associations, employee engagement in advocacy initiatives and Caterpillar Inc.

Report on Climate Policy At Caterpillar’s 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our board of directors recommended a vote in favor of and our shareholders approved a shareholder proposal requesting a report on climate policy.

We actually achieved a 51% reduction against this goal.

As part of our continuous sustainability journey, we disclosed a new goal in 2021 to further reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 30% between 2018 and 2030.

We’ve reduced those emissions by 33% since 2018 through improvements in operational efficiency, as well as implementing energy and GHG reduction initiatives at our facilities.

In 2021, we further emphasized our commitment to reducing product related emissions by disclosing an additional new goal that 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation.

All of the more than fifty new products introduced in 2022 fulfilled the goal criteria for reduced waste, improved design for rebuild remanufacturing, improved efficiency and or lower emissions.

The Executive Summary of our Sustainability Report provides more information about Caterpillar’s 2030 goals and progress.

Caterpillar has been a technology leader for nearly a century, and over the past 20 years, we have invested more than 30 billion in R D to deliver best in class innovation and we will continue investing in innovative technologies and solutions for our customers.

We are increasing our investments in autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity and digital, and electrification (AACE).

We will continue to invest more in AACE as we work with our customers to help them achieve their sustainability objectives.

Today, for example, all gas turbines offered by Caterpillar can operate on hydrogen blends and some of these turbines can operate on 100% hydrogen.

We also offer reciprocating generator sets capable of operating on hydrogen blends and the Cat G3516H gas generator set can be configured to use 100% hydrogen.

We continue to invest in power sources that offer lower emissions without sacrificing performance.

Our products can use an increasingly wide range of fuels, including renewable fuels, biodiesels, biogas, hydrogen blends and hydrotreated vegetable oil.

Caterpillar is committed to delivering robust electrified products and solutions for our customers.

Caterpillar demonstrated our first battery electric 793 large mining truck prototype, operated fully loaded at its rated capacity in a live demonstration with key mining customers in November of 2022.

Our electric Cat R1700 XE offers 100% battery electric propulsion, producing zero exhaust emissions for underground load, haul and dump mining operations.

Our CI segment is expanding its product portfolio and displayed four battery powered electric machines in October 2022.

Our E T segment has initiated numerous sustainability innovations covering a range of technologies through both organic and inorganic growth and development, including the acquisition of CarbonPoint Solutions, which provides customers access to carbon capture solutions.

Caterpillar also offers the Cat Energy Storage System, or ESS, a rapidly deployable electric power solution to help customers integrate multiple power sources on a worksite.

Cat ESS can provide grid stabilization, transient assist and renewable energy storage.

Learn more about Caterpillar’s sustainability related product innovations and solutions in this report.

In addition to our investments, we have also taken important actions to further strengthen our sustainability and climate related efforts which are also responsive to shareholder feedback, including: .

Releasing our first ever disclosure of Scope 3 GHG emissions data in 2023 .

Creating an executive leadership position of CSO, reporting directly to the CEO.

Caterpillar sets and achieves meaningful ESG goals and part of our long standing commitment to sustainability includes reducing our own GHG emissions.

Our Path Ahead Caterpillar recognizes shareholders’ interest in climate change and is increasing our disclosures in this area.

Through regular shareholder engagement, we hear their interest in how Caterpillar is addressing and reporting on Caterpillar’s sustainability journey.

We are continuing to demonstrate our commitment to shareholder responsiveness, including delivering important enhancements to climate disclosures in 2023.

Caterpillar’s 2022 Sustainability Report includes for the first time the disclosure of our company’s estimated Scope 3 GHG emissions data and includes our first ever TCFD report, which summarizes how we govern our strategy to address climate related risks and opportunities and support customers in the energy transition.

Our enhanced reporting also includes a description of how our company incorporated ESG into the 2022 incentive plan for executive officers.

The 2022 shareholder proposal which Caterpillar supported requests that our company publish a report disclosing GHG targets aligned with the Paris Agreement’s goal of limiting global temperate rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius for the full scope of the company’s operational and product related emissions or rationale for any decision not to set these targets.

Caterpillar reports progress annually against its Scope 1 and 2 GHG reduction goal.

While we have not publicly reported or established a numeric reduction goal that encompasses Scope 3 GHG emissions, we have committed that 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation.

Disclosing our Scope 3 GHG data for Category 11 use of sold products emissions for the first time is an important step on our sustainability journey and demonstrates responsiveness to shareholder feedback.

As a global industrial manufacturer with a diverse portfolio of products and solutions, Caterpillar’s business has a global scope, and is subject to variables such as long product life span and many other data collection, calculation and verification complexities.

Read more about Caterpillar’s five year trend of estimated Scope 3 GHG emissions, including information about the impact of macroeconomic conditions on product mix changes and unit volumes throughout that period, as well as the influence of customer demand and anticipated shifts in product mix for 2023.

Our company has not set a Scope 3 GHG emissions reduction goal as there are significant factors impacting Scope 3 GHG emissions reductions which Caterpillar cannot control and additional uncertainty continues to impact the path ahead.

While our products are helping customers achieve their climate related objectives, our ability to set specific GHG emissions reduction goals that include activities outside Caterpillar’s operations depends on various factors that are fluid and difficult to predict.

These include the range of potential pathways for decarbonization development, deployment and adoption of new technologies by Caterpillar, our suppliers and our customers and the impacts of governmental regulations and policies around the world and other factors that could significantly alter customer adoption of new technologies.

We have worked diligently to ensure that Caterpillar’s current ESG and GHG emissions goals are meaningful, credible and achievable.

Caterpillar is driven to help enable our customers’ success and doing so will require our company and our customers to address a vast array of complex engineering and technology challenges.

We are committed to have lower carbon products and solutions available for our customers, however, uncertainty exists regarding the rate of customer adoption in the near , intermediate and long term horizons.

Caterpillar has a global customer base, and many of our customers are developing infrastructure to meet the basic needs of society such as shelter, clean water, transportation and reliable energy.

For example, customers use our products to develop the infrastructure necessary for clean drinking water in remote areas of Africa.

Additionally, current estimates suggest that less than half of the population of sub Saharan Africa has access to reliable electricity.

Without that access, battery powered machines are not a viable option and diesel powered machines are required to build critical infrastructure.

Caterpillar has a role to play in serving the diverse range of customer needs globally without the constraints of an emissions reduction imperative that is too narrow or doesn’t account for such differences.

The ongoing dialogue with our shareholders during our engagement process includes important input and feedback that also influences our path ahead.

Throughout the last year, Caterpillar’s shareholders have expressed support for our progress and acknowledged the technical and other challenges and complexities associated with reducing Scope 3 GHG emissions especially given our company’s diverse product portfolio serving a wide range of industries and customers and they have expressed their desire for Caterpillar to strike the best balance between climate related progress, together with financial performance and returns that are in the best interest of shareholders.

Despite the longer term uncertainties, we are committed to continue reducing our own emissions and making progress toward the achievement of our 2030 sustainability goals, including our commitment that 100% of our new products through 2030 will be more sustainable than the previous generation.

Caterpillar is also well positioned to design, engineer and manufacture products and to develop and deploy technology, services and solutions that will help our customers meet their climate related objectives while also delivering long term profitable growth and shareholder value creation.

While we recognize the complex challenges and evolving environment on the path ahead, Caterpillar’s long standing commitment to sustainability will continue to inspire us to help our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

We operate according to Our Values in Action Caterpillar’s Code of Conduct.

The Code defines our values Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork, Commitment and Sustainability which represents what we stand for and how we conduct ourselves with our customers, suppliers, communities, and one another.

It guides our employees, affiliates and board members in living our values each day.

Some of the topics that the Code covers include avoiding conflicts of interest, fair competition, anti bribery, trade compliance, employee performance and development, non harassment, non discrimination, personal privacy, supplier expectations and environmental responsibility.

Code of Conduct Training All Caterpillar employees are annually required to complete Code of Conduct training.

As part of this training, employees must certify that they have read, understand and agree to comply with the Code of Conduct.

Additional compliance training is also provided to employees based on risks identified in their job roles.

Ethics Compliance Helpline We hold ourselves to the highest standard of integrity and ethical behavior.

We promote and respect the rule of law and expect our employees and suppliers to do the same.

We encourage individuals to report situations in which they have a good faith belief that any circumstance or action has violated our Code of Conduct, enterprise policy or applicable law.

Those who wish to report a concern can do so confidentially and anonymously through resources maintained by our Office of Business Practices.

Online reporting Email reporting at BusinessPractices cat.com Telephone reporting with toll free and call collect dialing options that support reporting in multiple languages and from.

Caterpillar will not take any action or tolerate any reprisal against any party for raising an issue in good faith.

We advocate for policies, trade agreements, legislation and regulations that enable us to help our customers.

Where allowable by law, Caterpillar may make corporate contributions to political organizations or committees to support public policies we believe will promote our business interests.

Any corporate political contributions by Caterpillar must be approved by our senior vice president of Global Government Corporate Affairs.

In addition, the board annually reviews the company’s political spending policy and political activities, including corporate political contributions, political contribution activities of the Caterpillar Inc.

CATPAC contributions are made only in U.S. federal and state elections.

CATPAC is funded through voluntary contributions by eligible individuals.

A steering committee comprised of Caterpillar non officer employees representing a diverse mix of U.S. locations and business units oversees all CATPAC disbursements to ensure they promote the company’s business interests.

Caterpillar also maintains memberships in trade and industry associations that may advocate on behalf of business community segments.

We support these organizations as they champion public policies that contribute to the business community’s growth and success.

The 2022 Caterpillar Lobbying Report highlights how our memberships in U.S. trade and industry associations complement the achievement of our goals and priorities and explains how we manage instances where an association’s positions may not be completely aligned with Caterpillar’s priorities.

A climate lobbying section is also included to address our advocacy for policies that help us support our customers during the energy transition.

Additional information regarding Caterpillar’s corporate contributions, CATPAC contributions and trade association memberships is available on our political engagement website.

Our commitment to transparency and disclosure in our advocacy activities has long been recognized.

As part of that commitment, numerous voluntary disclosures and links to filings related to our political engagements are provided on our website.

Additionally, we have changed the reporting threshold for U.S. trade and industry association contributions.

In previous years, Caterpillar reported membership contributions of 50,000 or more annually.

For 2023, we will report all U.S. trade and industry association memberships biannually.

You can find this information and the percentage of 2022 membership dues used for federal lobbying as reported by each organization in the Lobbying Report.

Caterpillar’s participation as a member of any trade association comes with the understanding that we may not always agree with all of the positions of the organization or other members.

Risk is an inherent part of conducting global business, and managing risk is fundamental to the way we work.

Through robust programs, including Enterprise Risk Management, Compliance and Audit, we engage across the enterprise to identify, prioritize and manage risks.

Enterprise Risk Management and our enterprise strategy are linked.

To better inform our decision making, we evaluate risks at the business unit and enterprise levels, considering the likelihood and potential impact of each risk.

These evaluations guide our approach for risk management, allow us to understand the challenges these risks bring, and position our business for the opportunities they present.

The results from this analysis are informing the Enterprise Risk Management process for 2023 to further integrate climate related risks into our evaluations.

As risk management is fundamental to our culture, there is strong engagement in risk management from the CEO, executives and senior leaders.

The company’s officers share accountability for business risks, and the board of directors has oversight of the enterprise process.

The board and its committees also oversee risk and have regular updates on topics that are identified through the risk management process.

Outputs from risk management drive strategic initiatives and disclosures.

We consider risks across many categories, including strategic, operational, financial, compliance and hazard risks.

We embed ESG risks into each risk category as part of our commitment to sustainability.

We treat these ESG risks with the same priority and rigor as other risks across the business.

Our risk management culture enables us to critically evaluate risks to our business and identify opportunities to create value for our employees, customers and shareholders.

Our commitment to sustainability is reflected in our risk management practices as we strive to build a better, more sustainable world.

Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report metrics and results of inquiries we execute within our first tier suppliers.

In these reports, we describe our due diligence efforts, including risk mitigation and process improvements we expect to implement in the following year.

Caterpillar supports the Responsible Minerals Initiative to help influence smelters’ engagement to support supply chain transparency and leverage industry collaboration toward greater business intelligence.

Year after year, we strive for an increased supplier response rate, emphasizing 3TG priority suppliers.

Supplier Diversity Supplier diversity continues to be a focus for our strategic procurement team.

With a strong base of diverse suppliers already in place, we are investing in tools that will help identify diverse suppliers for new business opportunities.

This is key to delivering on our commitment to foster and increase business purchases with diverse suppliers.

Responsible Mineral Sourcing Many considerations go into the responsible sourcing of minerals used in our products.

Tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold (3TG), collectively known as conflict minerals,’ have been associated with human rights violations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries.

Our Conflict Minerals Position Statement contains clear expectations for our suppliers regarding their sourcing of these materials.

We have established a process that identifies areas of risk on an ongoing basis, and corrective action plans to mitigate or remediate such risks relating to conflict minerals.

A supplier’s failure to take corrective actions when required may lead to additional actions, up to and including the termination of our business relationship.

Caterpillar is committed to responsibly sourcing the raw materials used to build our products.

Our supply base includes approximately 27,000 suppliers around the world providing raw materials and manufactured components across broad categories and technologies for aftermarket and production parts.

These purchases include a variety of unformed steel products, cut or formed to shape and machined in our facilities steel and iron castings and forgings, machined to final specification and finished components, made to Caterpillar or supplier developed specifications.

We also help keep those materials in circulation for as long as possible.

We maintain global strategic sourcing models to meet our global facilities’ production needs while building long term supplier relationships.

We pursue suppliers and business allies who demonstrate strong values and commit to the ethical principles outlined in the Caterpillar Supplier Code of Conduct.

We also expect suppliers to comply with the sound business practices we embrace, follow the law and conduct activities in a manner that respects human rights.

In accordance with Our Values in Action, Caterpillar is committed to respecting internationally recognized human rights principles throughout our global operations.

We Support Individual and Collective Rights Across the Globe.

Our Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy, Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct represent our commitment that we will not condone and will strive to eliminate all forms of forced labor, child labor, human trafficking and discrimination in the workplace.

We remain committed to establishing safe and healthy working conditions.

We value diversity as a foundational key to the success of our business strategy and seek to compensate our employees fairly and competitively where they work.

We respect the principles of freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining.

We have compassion for all persons affected by conflict wherever it occurs, and we expect our directors, officers, employees, business partners and suppliers, including in conflict affected areas, to comply with all applicable laws and conduct activities in a manner that respects human rights.

In 2022, Caterpillar’s philanthropic organization, the Caterpillar Foundation, celebrated seven decades of helping build resilient communities.

The Foundation’s global work in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education, workforce readiness, sustainable natural infrastructure, access to basic services, disaster relief, employee volunteerism and matching gifts, have helped communities around the world achieve sustainable progress.

Since its founding, the Caterpillar Foundation has invested nearly 900 million to help improve the lives of people around the world.

As a company, Caterpillar works alongside its dealers and customers to build the societal infrastructure necessary for a better, more sustainable world.

The Foundation focuses on the complementary human, natural and basic services infrastructure needed for individuals to thrive and communities to be resilient.

Our combined success contributes to the stability of regions around the world.

Empowering the workforce of the 21st century: Through skills development and STEM, we help equip individuals with the skills required for tomorrow’s workforce.

Skills based education leads to better jobs and better jobs lead to better futures.

Building resilient communities to address critical environmental challenges: The Foundation supports natural infrastructure development and access to basic services, such as water resource management and access to energy.

Focusing on diversity and inclusion: We bridge community gaps by supporting underrepresented populations and those with the greatest needs.

Giving back in our communities: Caterpillar’s global team helps build a better, more sustainable world using their passion, time and talent to give back, maximizing impact through the Foundation’s disaster and matching gifts programs, United Way and volunteer efforts.

Creating the Workforce of the 21st Century Understanding the importance of equipping individuals and communities with the skills, resources and services they need to thrive in our changing world, the Foundation invested about 16M million in 25 countries to support workforce readiness and STEM.

An example is the Foundation’s partnership with Malaika, a nonprofit grassroots organization that empowers Congolese girls and their communities through education and health programs.

Alongside our partners, the Caterpillar Foundation participated in many thought leadership events, including the 2022 United Nations General Assembly Climate Week in New York.

Malaika’s community driven model has been integral since its founding in 2013 and has led to transformative change.

The students have 1,200 contact hours in group classes and cover topics such as safety, machine mechanics, diesel mechanics, gasoline engine management, auto electronics, brake systems, suspension and steering, and manual driving skills.

Together with the Foundation’s partners, these programs seek to remove, sequester or capture carbon by restoring land.

One such program is Blue Forest Conservation’s Forest Resilience Bond, which bridges the finance gap for much needed forest restoration across the western U.S. and supports natural infrastructure projects on public land.

In the Sierra and Yuba counties in California, the program impacted approximately 81,000 residents, creating more than 200 jobs in the local community and providing hydroelectric power, drinking water, and flood control for over 30,000 people.

The Caterpillar Foundation’s investments align with several of the UN SDGs. The Caterpillar Foundation works to build resilient communities in the places where we live and work and where there is need. also enabled partner organizations to respond to disasters such as in the Mayfield, Kentucky, area when tornadoes ripped through the center of the U.S. catastrophic flooding in several European and African countries, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and China Western U.S. wildfires Hurricane Fiona that impacted Puerto Rico and an earthquake in Afghanistan.

Diversity Inclusion Communities are strongest when there is equality for all.

In 2022, Foundation investments targeted support for several underserved populations.

Through partnership with DigDeep, families within the Navajo Nation will gain access to water eliminating hours spent each week hauling water from streams, wells and grocery stores.

Nomi Network works to create a brighter future for women and girls vulnerable to human trafficking in Dallas, Texas, and India by building economic sustainability through workforce development programs.

The Aspen Young Leaders Fellowship supports youth of color from the lowest quartile of the socio economic ladder to pursue STEM degrees by proactively supporting individuals with financial, academic and personal factors that prevent them from achieving success.

The Foundation is partnering with Conservation International and others to develop a Green Gray Cost Benefit Analysis Tool to compare green and gray alternatives for infrastructure and coastal resilience projects in Mexico and the North Brazil Shelf.

Green infrastructure (wetlands and forests), alongside traditional gray infrastructure (seawalls or dams) not only provide environmental and biodiversity benefits, but can also extend the life of coastal infrastructure including roads, bridges, and highways.

By better understanding the benefits of blending green conservation with gray engineering techniques, communities can enjoy the benefits of both solutions.

Disaster Relief The Caterpillar Foundation is a member of the American Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program.

The Foundation’s 1 million annual global investment helps provide a funding base, allowing the Red Cross to provide immediate relief to those impacted by disasters big and small.

This model ensures that the Red Cross has funds to prepare for disasters before they occur.

The Foundation has donated more than 1 million to support both urgent and long term needs of the Ukraine humanitarian crisis.

This donation supports organizations that include the American Red Cross in support of the global Red Cross network response to the Ukraine humanitarian crisis, Project HOPE and the Center for Disaster Philanthropy.

Caterpillar team members eager to help in a time of crisis, along with a Foundation match, contributed another more than 1 million, making an even greater impact.

In addition to the 2022 Sustainability Report, we are also pleased to publish our inaugural TCFD Report.

The reporting period is the 2022 calendar year, which is also Caterpillar’s fiscal year.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), as well as with reference to the Global Reporting Inititaive Universal Standards.

SASB publishes sector specific reporting standards based on expert input, and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) publishes reporting standards based on company conducted materiality assessments, both designed to help businesses to identify the sustainability issues of highest importance to investors and most relevant in their industry.

In addition, we have published our inaugural TCFD Report, which aligns with the 11 recommended disclosures of the TCFD and summarizes how we govern our strategy to address climate related risks and opportunities and support customers in the energy transition.

Our sustainability efforts and approach is consistent with the UN SDGs.

Given the breadth of our products, services and solutions, our advocacy on behalf of policies that enable sustainable development and the Caterpillar Foundation’s effort to build resilient communities, Caterpillar and our customers are helping build a more sustainable future.

The contents of this report represent the products and operations of Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries where we have a controlling financial interest.

Where noted, certain information relates to Caterpillar’s independent dealer network and supplier network.

Caterpillar and subsidiary brands are listed on our website.

Caterpillar’s environmental and safety metrics for operations are consolidated based on the Greenhouse Gas Protocol operational control approach.

Environmental data excludes office locations with fewer than 500 employees and minor operations with fewer than 50 employees that will not have a significant impact on reported metrics.

Safety data includes employees and agency workers in Caterpillar workplaces.

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) has conducted independent assurance of selected environmental and safety data, including Scope 3 emissions.

To understand the scope, activities and conclusions of the assurance process, please see the ERM CVS Assurance Statement.

Caterpillar is committed to increasing women’s representation throughout the company.

We respect the right of our employees to form, join or not to join any lawful organization of their choice without fear of reprisal, interference, intimidation or harassment.

We believe it is important for individuals to exercise that right with the benefit of available information.

We relentlessly strive to ensure our workforce returns home safely every day.

While our LTCFR increased slightly from 2018, it remained constant year over year.

In 2022, although our RIF increased by 7% from the previous year, we have realized a 17% improvement from our 2018 base year.

This performance came on the heels of the global pandemic and during a period of growth in our operations and significant hiring of new employees.

While we are proud of our progress, we are also deeply saddened that an employee suffered a fatal workplace injury at one of our facilities during the year.

This incident highlights that safety must always remain the top priority for our team and further strengthens our safety resolve.

We remain focused on improving energy efficiency and reducing energy consumption.

In 2022, more than 27% of our electrical energy was obtained from renewable sources.

In 2022, we reduced our energy intensity by 24% from our 2018 baseline.

Our absolute GHG emissions decreased 33% from 2018 to 2022.

Our 2030 absolute GHG emissions goal is 1.55 million metric tons CO2e.

In 2022, we reduced our GHG emissions intensity by 38% from our 2018 baseline.

Water management strategies is a recent goal for Caterpillar and data collection began in 2021.

Previous years are listed as N A as this is a newly composed goal.

In this second year of implementation, we are pleased to see foundational progress begin toward our 2030 goal of 100%.

Although our absolute water consumption increased by 7% through 2022, we have reduced water consumption intensity at our facilities by 1.4% from our baseline year of 2018.

In 2022, we reduced our landfill intensity by 36% from our 2018 baseline.

Our 2030 landfill intensity goal is 0.74 metric tons of landfill waste per million dollars of sales and revenues.

Caterpillar is represented by durable, reliable and innovative products that are built to last.

See the Understanding Our Scope 3 Emissions section of this report to learn more in our first year of reporting this data.

Caterpillar has a long history of and a strong process for innovation in the R D of products and solutions.

Examples of recent innovations are highlighted in the Helping Our Customers Build a Better, More Sustainable World section of this report.

Since 2016, Caterpillar has proactively surveyed our priority supply base to confirm alignment to Caterpillar’s published Supplier Code of Conduct.

Caterpillar uses assessment response data to address supply chain risk through a collaborative approach with responding suppliers.

The 2022 progress reflects continued focus on this initiative.

Our remanufacturing and rebuild businesses provide customers with immediate cost savings, help extend product lifecycles and use materials more efficiently.

We seek to continue to grow these businesses in pursuit of our 2030 goal of 25% growth in remanufacturing sales and revenues.

Since 1952, the Caterpillar Foundation has contributed 893 million to help make sustainable progress possible around the world by building resilient communities that thrive in a rapidly changing world.

The Caterpillar Foundation is proud to match our global employees, U.S. retirees, and the Caterpillar Inc. board of directors’ contributions to eligible organizations.

Caterpillar has supported the United Way for more than 60 years through our annual campaign.

The Foundation matches employee and retiree gifts during the campaign, amplifying our impact on the communities where we live and work.

A Data assured by ERM CVS. Please see our data assurance statement.

Women In Leadership data reflects all women with responsibilities for managing employees as part of their job scope.

Data prior to 2022 has been revised for improved accuracy.

Renewable energy percent includes purchased and on site generated renewable energy, as well as calculating the percentage of renewable energy from grid purchased electricity using data obtained from the International Energy Agency.

Renewable Energy: Caterpillar defines renewable energy as energy resources that are naturally replenishing over a short period of time and virtually inexhaustible.

Power generation examples include wind, solar, hydro, geothermal, tidal, wave, biomass and biogas from anaerobic digestion.

Location based Scope 2 GHG emissions are provided in accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 guidance (2015).

The following instruments were used in calculating our market based Scope 2 emissions: Renewable Energy Guarantees of Origin, energy contracts, supplier specific emission rates, and, for the remainder of our facilities, grid average emission factors from USEPA’s eGRID (2020) and the International Energy Agency’s data (2019).

For 2022 calculations, Caterpillar did not use residual mix factors.

GHG emissions intensity is based on our combined Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect, market based) GHG emissions.

The annual estimates for lifetime use of sold products GHG emissions are calculated from the GHG Protocol expression: (total lifetime expected uses of product number of products sold in reporting period fuel consumed per use (kWh) emission factor for fuel (kg CO2e kWh)).

The inputs to this equation are specific to construction machines, mining machines, off highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel electric locomotives, applied at the product level to calculate lifetime emissions then aggregated across the full enterprise portfolio.

Included in the calculation are GHG emissions from combustion of fuels in our products until the estimated point of final disposal covering rebuild, remanufacturing, and overhaul events that extend the service life of the product.

Excluded from this calculation are emissions from upstream production of fuel consumed in Caterpillar products, fuel efficiency and emission factor changes through the life of the product, refrigerant emissions, and others considered insignificant to Caterpillar’s enterprise number.

The inputs to perform this calculation were integrated from many data sources including but not limited to: Operation and Maintenance Manuals (OMM), product design data, telemetry data, public data sources (U.S. EPA, industry data), and internal engineering, product, marketing, and other subject matter expertise.

Our company’s total enterprise Scope 3 use of sold products emissions calculation was verified by a third party assurance firm (ERM CVS) please see the assurance statement.

Data includes remanufacturing offerings provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense.

Data does not include Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions, and Caterpillar Defense.

Represents Cat Reman customers’ end of life components ( core ) returned to Caterpillar by dealers, as a percentage of core returned plus unreturned core eligible for credit no later than 2022.

This data represents employee and retiree donations and the match payments made in the calendar year 2022.

This includes employee and retiree pledges during the 2022 campaign, and the Foundation match for the campaigns in the United States, Canada, Panama and Mexico paid in 2022.

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) was engaged by Caterpillar Inc. to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below and presented in the 2022 Sustainability Report and Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report (the Reports ).

Independent Limited Assurance Statement to Caterpillar Inc.

Whether the 2022 information and data for the following selected disclosures are fairly presented in the Reports, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Lost Time Case Frequency Rate (LTCFR) Recordable Injury Frequency rate (RIF) per 200,000 hours worked.

We place reliance on the financial assurance conducted on dollars of sales and revenues as they are presented in the 2022 10 K filing.

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Caterpillar is responsible for preparing the Reports and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Reports.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to Caterpillar on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with Caterpillar, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.

We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than Caterpillar for the conclusions we have reached.

Our conclusion Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the data and information for the disclosures listed under Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Reports, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the Reports.

Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the relevant management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected environmental and safety disclosures.

A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the reported information.

An analytical review of the year end data submitted by all locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary.

Virtual visits to four Caterpillar sites to review local reporting processes and consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying source data for select environmental and safety indicators.

We interviewed relevant staff, reviewed site data capture and reporting methods, checked calculations and assessed the local internal quality assurance processes.

Desk based review of source data for the significant contributing sites and products to each key corporate EHS metric (e.g.

Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.

The limitations of our engagement The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information.

It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

Our independence, integrity and quality control ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015.

Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Our quality management system is at least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM 1 and ISQM 2 (2022).

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work.

Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.

Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related services to Caterpillar in any respect.

We have assessed and prioritized ESG topics by examining the external industry landscape to understand evolving trends and expectations of leading ESG standards, frameworks and disclosures, and aligning expectations with Caterpillar’s enterprise strategies, risks and future plans.

We prioritized topics through a third party based on interviews with Caterpillar leadership, external research and benchmarking of industry peers, including: Potential impact the topic may have on Caterpillar’s business Level of awareness and concern about the topic by business stakeholders (e.g., customers, dealers, suppliers, investors, nongovernmental organizations and others).

Degree to which Caterpillar has influence over the topic.

Our final step was to select issues that were highest priority.

These issues guide our initiatives and decision making throughout our global operations and are closely aligned with topics covered by the SASB Industrial Machinery Goods industry.

We continue to analyze and update these topics periodically as the ESG landscape and our business continues to evolve.

We are committed to demonstrating shareholder responsiveness as we strive for continuous improvement throughout our sustainability journey.

The health and safety of our employees is an important focus at Caterpillar, and we relentlessly strive to ensure our workforce returns home safely every day.

Our commitment to safety includes people who work in, on and around our products, from designing products for safe operations to providing safety services for our customers.

Caterpillar is committed and contributing to a reduced carbon future.

We continue to invest in new products, technologies and services to help our customers achieve their climate related objectives as they build a better, more sustainable world.

Operations within our manufacturing facilities are energy intensive and account for most of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

While less water intensive than some industries, we are focused on reducing water consumption and water scarcity or quality concerns.

We strive to eliminate waste in our processes where possible, and to recycle those materials that remain to reduce materials sent to landfills around the world.

Through our remanufacturing and rebuild offerings, we help keep materials in circulation for continued use, reducing waste, extending equipment life, and providing lower cost options for our customers.

We source raw materials and manufactured components from a global network of suppliers across broad categories and technologies for aftermarket and production parts, approximately 27,000 suppliers in total.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct and supporting initiatives help us to responsibly source the raw materials used to build our products.

We attract and recruit the best talent to develop advanced technologies, meet customer needs, and environment strengthens us and drives our progress.

Rate environmental, health and safety incidents, including near misses.

We continue to invest in R D aimed at products that generate fewer direct emissions.

Helping Our Customer Build a Better, More Sustainable World section of the report.

Caterpillar responsibly sources the raw materials used to build our products.

Please see the Responsible Sourcing section of this report.

Our remanufacturing sales and revenues have increased 19% since 20182.

Renewable sources includes purchased and on site generated renewable energy, and the renewable energy from grid purchased electricity.

Data includes remanufacturing offerings provided by Cat Reman, Progress Rail, Solar Turbines, Caterpillar Energy Solutions and Caterpillar Defense.

Restatements of information: Reason and effect of restatements, restatement of information when it has learned that the previously reported information needs to be revised.

Restatements are noted as footnotes in the ESG Data table in the Reporting section of this report.

ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) was engaged by Caterpillar Inc. to provide assurance in relation to the information presented in the Caterpillar 2022 Sustainability Report.

Based upon HRIS data available, 13,678 workers who are not employees, may perform work activity at the direction of Caterpillar personnel.

Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting: Responsible for reviewing and approving the reported information, including the organization’s material topics.

We respect the right of our employees to form, join or not to join any lawful organization of their choice without fear of reprisal, interference, intimidation or harassment.

We believe it is important for individuals to exercise that right with the benefit of available information.

List of material topics: List of organizations material topics, i.e.

Packaging is not significant to Caterpillar, given the nature of our products.

While our manufacturing operations are not as water intensive as those of other industries, we nonetheless recognize the far reaching economic, social and environmental implications that water scarcity may have in the future and have taken steps to reduce our consumption.

Train employees about water resources to raise their awareness of the issue.

Around the world, Caterpillar facilities implement water management strategies, with increased emphasis in areas of water scarcity aligned with our 2030 goal.

Minimizing waste is consistent with our strategic focus on operational excellence.

Waste minimization not only reduces costs, but also reduces our use of materials, energy, water and land.

We are focused on a goal to reduce landfill intensity by 50% by 2030.

By taking a critical look at every phase of our operations, teams have uncovered unexpected and high impact methods to reduce waste while maintaining or improving performance and customer satisfaction.

Waste generation and significant waste related impacts: Impacts relate to waste generated in the organization’s own activities or to waste generated upstream or downstream in its value chain.

Our talent processes guide us to provide 100% of employees with performance and development feedback informally and or formally, throughout the course of the year.

In addition to receiving performance feedback from leaders and or colleagues, employees are encouraged to share performance feedback as well.

Employees use performance feedback as one of the inputs to inform career and development conversations, which they’re encouraged to have on an ongoing basis, with their leader.

Certain statements in this report relate to future events and expectations and are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Words such as believe, estimate, will be, will, would, expect, anticipate, plan, project, intend, could, should or other similar words or expressions often identify forward looking statements.

All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our outlook, projections, forecasts or trend descriptions.

These statements do not guarantee future performance and speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update our forward looking statements.

Visit caterpillar.com sustainability to learn more about how we’re helping our customers build a better, more sustainable world.

CAT, CATERPILLAR, LET’S DO THE WORK, their respective logos, Caterpillar Corporate Yellow , the Power Edge and Cat Modern Hex trade dress as well as corporate and product identity used herein, are trademarks of Caterpillar and may not be used without permission.