2022 corporate sustainability report

delivering the  
future of energy

Over 140 years of industry leadership has given us a deep understanding of the need to stay focused on what  
matters most – affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy that enables human progress. At Chevron, our strategy is  
to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. We intend to provide lower  
carbon energy to meet demand today while building the energy system of tomorrow. We’re getting results the right 
way and delivering the future of energy.

Photo: Leviathan natural gas  
platform, offshore Israel. 

eastern mediterranean

We’re investing to grow in the Eastern Mediterranean, offshore Israel and Egypt. Natural gas production in the 
region is helping to reduce Israel’s greenhouse gas emissions and improve air quality. In addition to supplying Israel, 
Chevron-operated Tamar and Leviathan fields are exporting natural gas to neighboring Jordan and Egypt. 

2.5

kilograms CO₂e/boe 
carbon intensity from  
our Eastern Mediterranean 
operations in 2022

1st

woman
offshore platform engineer  
in Israel was employed by our  
operations in 2020

~70%

electricity
production in Israel is powered  
by Tamar and Leviathan  
fields as of 2022

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
1

in this report

2022 ESG highlights .............................................................. 3

getting results the right way

message from our chairman and CEO ............................. 4

governance ........................................................................... 48

our culture ................................................................................ 7

lobbying ..................................................................................52

board of directors .................................................................. 8

cybersecurity ........................................................................55

board insight ........................................................................... 9

focusing on what matters .................................................. 10

performance

contributing to sustainable development .....................12

performance data ................................................................58

equations ...............................................................................75

protecting the environment

glossary ..................................................................................79

climate change ......................................................................15

about this report ................................................................. 80

chevron renewable energy group ...................................22

environmental risk management ....................................24

biodiversity ............................................................................27

water....................................................................................... 30

empowering people

health and safety management .......................................34

people and culture...............................................................38

human rights .........................................................................42

creating prosperity ..............................................................45

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
2
2

2022 ESG highlights

protecting the 
environment

empowering  
people

getting results  
the right way

71

g CO₂e/MJ
portfolio carbon intensity reduction 
target (Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2028

22 assets had methane emissions  
monitored by satellite-based technology

$2B

in carbon reduction projects by 2028

$8B

in lower carbon investments by 2028

achievement of reasonable  
assurance of our 2022  
GHG emissions from both operated 
and nonoperated assets 1 

1  The scope of the assurance excludes Chevron Phillips 
Chemical Company, LLC and Renewable Energy Group, Inc.

20 years of advancing an  
enabled workplace

77%

employee  
engagement
enterprisewide survey results 
indicate high employee 
investment in the organization

31 years of LGBTQ+  
inclusion in the workplace

87

graduates
from the Digital Scholar  
Program since  
establishment in 2019

35th

consecutive year 
with an increase in annual  
dividend payout per share

54%
diversity
46%
women
23%
racially/
ethnically 
diverse

board diversity 
at end of 2022

2022

methane
report

building trust and transparency  
by publishing our approach  
to detecting, measuring  
and reducing methane intensity

met on ESG issues with 35  
of our top 50 investors

This report contains forward-looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections. For more information, see page 59.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
3

message from  
our chairman and CEO

Despite a year of geopolitical tumult and market 
disruption, Chevron has remained focused on  
our strategy, core values and commitments. This 
includes our performance on environmental, social  
and gov ernance issues that are priorities to our 
company, employees, partners, communities  
and stakeholders.

We are proud to note that this report marks two  
decades of consistent, transparent reporting on our 
company’s efforts to protect the environment,  
empower our people and get results the right way. 

The issues we are addressing include some of the  
most complex challenges facing our sector and society. 
The people of Chevron approach these issues with 
passion and determination, believing our leadership is 
both a great responsibility and a profound source  
of pride. 

our workforce

Chevron’s 43,800 employees around the world are 
essential to shaping the actions we take and in  
achieving our goals. We invest to develop their full 
potential by building strong leaders at every level, 
cultivating a culture of empowerment and inclusion,  
and shaping talented, global teams with the skills 
needed to succeed.

At the same time, we continue to focus on protect- 
ing the health and safety of our people and the 
communities in which we operate. The most important 

responsibility we have is to operate safely and reliably  
to ensure that everyone goes home safe every day. 
Sadly, in 2022 we fell short, with five contractor  
fatalities and 20 serious injuries. We are committed  
to learning from these incidents and improving  
our safety performance through focused work that  
is actively underway around the world. 

operating with integrity

Lowering the carbon intensity of our business begins 
with aiming to make our oil and natural gas production 
among the most efficient and responsibly produced  
in the world. We’re pleased to report that since 2016 we 
have reduced our oil production Scope 1 and 2 carbon 
intensity by nearly 40% and our methane intensity  
by more than 50%. We’re actively working to end routine 
flaring by 2030, and we’re sharing what we’ve learned 
with others through the Global Methane Pledge and  
the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative’s Aiming for Zero 
Methane Emissions Initiative. 

Meeting a growing world’s need for more energy –  
and more low-carbon options – requires advancing 
and scaling promising technologies. We are developing 
solutions for sectors with few viable alternatives for 
electrification, like aviation, shipping, heavy-duty 
transportation and manufacturing, and intend to grow 
lower carbon businesses in renewable fuels; carbon 
capture, utilization and storage; hydrogen; offsets; and 
other emerging technologies.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
4
4

“at chevron, we approach the world’s  
energy challenges with optimism and confidence”

Photo: Mike Wirth speaks with the Chevron 
workforce during global employee town hall.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
5

“we believe affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy  
is essential to enabling human progress” 

These actions, among others, demonstrate our  
commit ment to doing business the right and  
responsible way.

leading with focus and commitment 

At Chevron, we approach the world’s energy challenges 
with optimism and confidence. 

Human ingenuity and the power of innovation can solve 
any challenge and overcome any obstacle. We believe 
affordable energy to create prosperity, reliable energy 
for security and ever-cleaner energy to protect the 
environment is essential to enabling human progress.

This report details our approach to delivering on  
these ambitions.

Thank you for your engagement, trust and partnership. 

Sincerely,

Michael K. Wirth 
Chairman of the Board  
and Chief Executive Officer

Renewable fuels, for example, offer the potential to 
reduce lifecycle emissions in heavy-duty transportation. 
Our 2022 acquisition of Renewable Energy Group 
makes us the second-largest producer of biodiesel and 
renewable diesel in the United States. We’re advancing 
renewable fuels production capacity toward our  
target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

We believe carbon capture, utilization and storage will be  
a critical technology in helping many industrial sectors 
mitigate their emissions. We are funding projects to 
lower the cost of carbon capture, using our own assets 
to test new technologies, while investing to advance 
large, regional storage hubs along the Texas Gulf Coast 
and offshore Australia to store CO₂ underground.

protecting the environment

Chevron’s approach to responsible leadership extends 
beyond our efforts to respond to climate change  
and includes a variety of projects designed to protect 
habitats and benefit sensitive species. 

Our efforts include responsible water use and a focus  
on biodiversity, especially in ecologically sensitive  
areas where we operate. To minimize freshwater use  
in a high water stress area in Western Australia, we 
operate two onshore permanent seawater reverse 
osmosis desalination facilities. In St. Charles Parish, 
Louisiana, we are working with Restore the Earth 
Foundation to plant approximately 3.7 million trees.  
This nature-based solution is expected to help restore  
up to 18,800 acres of cypress forest and swamp habi - 
tats and benefit dependent plant and wildlife species. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
6
6

our culture

the chevron way guides how we work and establishes a  
common understanding of our culture, vision and  
values, including protection of people and the environment 

Our Operational Excellence Management System helps us systematically realize our values  
and achieve our vision. For more details, visit chevron.co/OEMSoverview.

our purpose

our vision

we develop the affordable,  
reliable, ever-cleaner energy that 
enables human progress 

to be the global energy  
company most admired  
for its people, partnership  
and performance

our values

• diversity and inclusion
• leading performance
• partnership
• people and the environment
• trust and integrity

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
7

 
 
 
 
 
board of directors

L–R: Marillyn A. Hewson (1), John B. Frank (1), D. James Umpleby III (2, 4), Dambisa F. Moyo (1), Alice P. Gast (2, 4),  
Michael K. (Mike) Wirth Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Wanda M. Austin (2, 3), Ronald D. Sugar (2, 3),  
Charles W. Moorman (2, 3), Enrique Hernandez, Jr. (3, 4), Debra Reed-Klages (1), Jon M. Huntsman Jr. (3, 4), Cynthia J. Warner (4) 

Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance 
structures and practices that help Chevron achieve business 
results the right way. Various elements of strategy are 
discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well as at 
meetings of the Board’s Committees. At least one Board 
meeting each year is dedicated to strategy. To assess perfor m-
ance against the plan, the Board receives regular updates  
on progress and execution and provides oversight and 
direction throughout the year. Meetings can also include 
updates from external subject matter experts on a range of 
issues pertinent to Chevron’s strategy.

Presentations at Board and Committee meetings and tours of 
our operations facilitate ongoing Director education. Directors 
are encouraged and provided opportunities to talk directly to  

employees. Highlights in 2022 included a Board visit to 
operations in Israel and a key supplier in Italy and Dr. Austin’s 
site visit to Southern California to learn about technology to 
detect and measure methane emissions.

Committees of the Board
1  Audit: Debra Reed-Klages, Chair
2  Board Nominating and Governance: Wanda M. Austin, Chair
3  Management Compensation: Charles W. Moorman, Chair
4   Public Policy and Sustainability: Enrique Hernandez, Jr., Chair

For more information about our Board, visit  
chevron.co/corporate-governance.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
8

board insight with enrique hernandez, jr.

A Chevron Director since 2008, Enrique Hernandez, Jr., chaired Chevron’s 
Management Compensation Committee before his latest appointment  
as Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) Chair. Hernandez  
received his law degree from Harvard Law School, beginning his career as  
an attorney before leading Inter-Con Security Systems’ growth into one  
of the largest security system providers worldwide.

To learn more about our leadership and corporate governance,  
visit chevron.co/corporate-governance.

looking back on the past year as chair of the  
board’s PPSC, what stands out for you?

From the COVID-19 pandemic to geopolitical events, 
we’ve overseen an evolving landscape of social, political, 
environmental, human rights and public policy issues. These 
events remind us that economies need affordable energy to 
create prosperity and countries need reliable energy to enable 
progress. Quite simply, energy security and national security 
are linked. Against these myriad changes, the Committee 
continues to reflect The Chevron Way – acting with integrity 
and operating with ethical standards – to assist the Board in 
overseeing risks to Chevron’s business and activities.

independent perspectives to the Board on pertinent topics 
during expanded annual strategy discussions. In 2022,  
the Board received an external briefing on macroeconomic 
trends and geopolitical issues affecting the global energy 
markets and commodity price cycles. Board members are 
also encouraged to visit Chevron operations around the globe 
to discuss matters specific to those locations. In 2022, the 
Board visited our operations in Israel, where we engaged with 
stakeholders and employees on issues relevant to Chevron’s 
business in the Middle East. These engagements, in addition to 
regular reports and briefings, inform the Board’s direction  
to management.

what is chevron’s approach to leading in  
lower carbon energy?

Chevron’s primary objective is to safely deliver higher 
returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any 
business environment. We are building on our capabilities, 
assets and customers. Chevron has long been committed to 
transparency and will continue to communicate progress on 
our performance through publications and reports like this 
Corporate Sustainability Report.

how does the PPSC support board oversight  
of business threats and opportunities? 

The PPSC assists the Board in identifying, evaluating and 
monitoring public policy trends and environ mental issues. 
We review and make recommendations for Chevron’s 
strategies related to corporate responsibility and reputation 
management. The work of the PPSC informs the full Board’s 
approach to these issues. External speakers provide 

looking ahead, how is chevron positioned  
to navigate a rapidly evolving geopolitical 
landscape, such as the military conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine?

The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine created 
global supply and demand imbalances. Our hearts are always 
with the people, families and communities directly impacted 
by conflict. The events of the past year have defined the 
energy challenge: meeting the energy demands of today 
while building the lower carbon energy system of tomorrow. 
Chevron’s leadership is ready to meet this challenge. The 
Directors’ depth of expertise and broad range of experience 
across so many disciplines will continue to be invaluable in 
providing oversight and advice to address evolving business 
and geopolitical environments and further Chevron’s efforts  
to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
9

focusing on  
what matters

engaging with stakeholders

Chevron actively engages with investors and other 
stakeholders on ESG issues, including our customers for 
whom we participate in numerous surveys as a supplier. 
We engage external consultants to benchmark our prior 
year’s reporting and participate in peer sustainability 
report reviews. Our ESG Rater performance is used 
to identify opportunities for potential disclosure 
enhancements. These interactions and survey results 
help us learn what matters to our stakeholders and 
refine our thinking on which topics to include in each 
year’s report.

Members of the Enterprise Leadership Team and senior 
management, the Global Issues Committee and the 
Board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee 
have opportunities to provide input for our Corporate 
Sustainability Report. 

1 For purposes of this report, the concept of “material issues” generally refers to ESG reporting 
guidance such as Ipieca and SASB and does not correspond to the concept of materiality used 
in the securities laws and disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC). With respect to the term “material,” individual companies are best suited to determine 
which information is material under the long-standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that 
term, and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.

our sustainability reporting  
focuses on environmental,  
social and governance (ESG)  
issues that matter to our  
business and our stakeholders

Thoughtful engage ment on priority issues (sometimes 
called “material issues” in the context of ESG reporting 
frameworks¹) helps Chevron assess and, where 
necessary, refresh our ESG focus areas.

shaping our reporting

We identified the content for our 2022 Corporate 
Sustainability Report through monitoring of issues and 
trends, supplemented by engagements with stake-
holders throughout the year.

To gain insight into ESG issues and reporting trends,  
we engage with numerous third-party groups, including:  
the World Business Council for Sustainable Develop-
ment, Business for Social Responsibility and Ipieca.  
We also work with Datamaran, an ESG risk identification 
and monitoring software company that uses artificial 
intelligence to identify, prioritize and monitor ESG issues. 
Their tool aggregates trends in ESG issues across a 
wide array of inputs, including: company financial filings 
and sustainability reports; global regulations; policy 
and framework proposals; Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) standards; and online news.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
10

the table below provides select examples from  
2022 of how we engaged with our key stakeholder  
groups and responded to important issues

responding to our stakeholders

stakeholders

how did we engage?

how did we respond?

•  Global Office of Ombuds
•  Town halls
•  Employee surveys

employees

•  Piloted an equity review committee to review 
employees’ concerns with promotion or job 
selection decisions

•  Expanded access to well-being resources
•  Sponsored additional leadership development 

programs

contractors

•  Maintained supplier relationship and service 

quality programs

•  Advanced our deployment of Contractor 
Operational Excellence Management

•  Local staff dedicated to community 

•  Social impact strategy for people, 

communities

engagement

•  Community advisory panels
•  Employee network volunteering

environment and prosperity responsive  
to community engagement

•  Membership in industry and trade associations
•  Engagement with all levels of government 

governments

policymakers

customers

investors

•  Customer councils
•  Customer Connection Center
•  Industry trade conferences

•  Annual Meeting of Stockholders
•  Quarterly analyst calls
•  Executive and management engagements
•  Chevron Investor Day
•  Director engagements

•  Advocated for carbon capture, utilization 
and storage (CCUS) and hydrogen policy 
enablement

•  Advocated for sound energy market policy  

for stable supply and energy security

•  Value chain strategy responsive to supply/

demand

•  Signed memoranda of understanding to  
help build an ecosystem for lower carbon  
technology

•  Continued to develop lower carbon value 

chains

•  Issued Methane Report disclosing our  

ongoing work to reduce methane intensity  
and improve methane emissions inventories

•  Held first Chevron Exchange, providing  
retail investors a venue to engage with 
management

nongovernmental 
organizations

•  United Nations working groups and other 

•  Influenced our positions on items ranging  

multistakeholder initiatives

from CCUS to carbon pricing

•  Think tanks and institutional organizations

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
11

contributing to 
sustainable  
development

chevron proudly contributes to health, education  
and economic prosperity within the communities 
where we operate across the world

Through our membership in Ipieca, we worked with the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD) to create a Sustainable Development Goals  
(SDG) Roadmap for the oil and gas sector. The SDG  
Roadmap identifies how Ipieca, as an industry associa-
tion, and individual oil and gas companies can work 

toward a lower-emissions future while contributing 
to a healthier and more prosperous world aligned 
with the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development. The Roadmap identifies 10 priority  
SDGs where the oil and gas industry can have the  
biggest impact. 

ipieca-WBCSD SDG roadmap for the oil and gas sector 

Below are select examples of Chevron’s contribution  
in 2022 to the Roadmap impact opportunities.

climate

SDGs: 7, 8, 9, 12, 13

nature

SDGs: 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15

people

SDGs: 3, 7, 8, 9, 13, 16

innovation
our contribution:  Piloting technology  
that captures CO₂ from our Kern River 
facility in San Joaquin Valley, California.

operations 
our contribution:  Made progress on 
upstream methane intensity target of  
2.0 kg CO₂e/boe by 2028. 

operations 
our contribution:  Identified and priori-
tized a portfolio of GHG abatement 
opportunities to optimize carbon intensity 
reduction of our operations. 

For more, see climate change.

Photo on previous page: Worker on a platform 
located offshore Angola, where Chevron has  
been ramping up methane emissions reduction 
efforts. In 2022, we conducted a drone cam- 
paign to advance methane detection and 
measurement technologies. 

resources management
our contribution:  Joined the U.S.- 
based National Lubricant Container 
Recycling Coalition, an industry-led 
technical coalition focused on developing 
a program to drive the recovery and 
recycling of plastic packaging. 

biodiversity, land and  
water stewardship
our contribution:  Participated in the 
Sound and Marine Life Joint Industry 
Programme, which is an officially 
recognized United Nations Decade of 
Ocean Science contributing project. 

biodiversity, land and  
water stewardship
our contribution:  Undertook a screening 
of our upstream operations against 
protected areas, critical habitat and 
endangered species as a preliminary step 
to evaluating potential biodiversity risks 
raised by our operations.

For more, see environmental risk 
management, biodiversity and water.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
13

governance and transparency
our contribution:  Collaborated with the 
Southeast Asia One Health University 
Net work (SEAOHUN). SEAOHUN’s uni-
versities are working together to develop  
the next generation of health profes-
sionals with the right skills and mindset  
to respond to infectious disease threats.

communities
our contribution:  Collaborated with  
the United Nations Population Fund to 
reduce maternal and neonatal mortality  
in Equatorial Guinea.

thriving workforce 
our contribution: Our CEO, Michael Wirth, 
signed the Disability:IN CEO Letter on 
Disability Inclusion. The letter serves as a 
call to action for companies to benchmark 
with the Disability Equality Index and to 
advance disability inclusion for business.

For more, see health and safety 
management, people and culture, 
human rights and creating prosperity.

protecting the 
environment

protecting the environment  
while advancing a lower carbon future

Photo: We work to protect biodiversity  
through our operating practices and innovative 
solutions. Biosecurity monitoring devices  
offer automated surveillance of rodents and 
geckos on Barrow Island, Australia.

climate change

meeting the energy needs of today as we help 
build the energy system of tomorrow

higher returns, lower carbon
At Chevron, we believe the future of energy is lower carbon. Many published outlooks conclude that fossil 
fuels will remain a significant part of an energy system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources 
of supply for many years to come. As we have done for over 140 years, we will continue to evolve to help 
meet the energy demand that a growing world needs. 

To learn more, visit chevron.co/loweringcarbonintensity.

our  
strategy  
is clear

leverage our strengths  
to safely deliver lower carbon  
energy to a growing world

capital allocation

$8B

in lower carbon 
investments by 2028

$2B

in carbon reduction 
projects by 2028

targets to lower the  
carbon intensity of our operations

71 g CO₂e/MJ
portfolio carbon intensity  
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2028

24 kg CO₂e/boe
gas carbon intensity  
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028

24 kg CO₂e/boe
oil carbon intensity  
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028

36 kg CO₂e/boe
refining carbon intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028

This report contains forward-looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections. For more information, see page 59.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
15

Optimizing carbon reduction opportunities
We seek to optimize carbon intensity reduction oppor tu- 
 nities for our assets and operations by leveraging our  
cross-functional capabilities and using the MACC process.  
This approach provides Chevron with a methodology 
to identify and prioritize a portfolio of GHG abatement 
opportunities across operations. Utilizing this process, we 
identified over 120 reduction projects for development  
and plan to spend more than $350 million on these projects 
in 2023. In 2022, we made progress on 90 projects and 
completed 13. We expect to spend approximately $2 billion 
total on similar projects through 2028.

Aaron Metzler
Lead Business Planning Analyst,  
El Segundo Refinery

employee spotlight

My role as a business analyst in strategy leverages  
both my experience in process optimization and passion 
for reducing the carbon intensity of our products. As a  
MACC Champion for the El Segundo Refinery, I lead the 
collaborative efforts of a cross-functional team. The 
team is tasked with delivering projects from ideation to 
execution, prioritizing projects that return the largest 
reduction in carbon emissions for every dollar invested.

One of our team’s key successes was identified through 
a project lookback in 2022. We updated the crude unit’s 
heat exchangers to improve waste heat utilization and 
reduce furnace firing. The project targeted furnace inlet 
temperature improvements with the goal of decreasing 
energy use and GHG emissions while improving preheat 
exchanger run times for long-term reliability. It was  
the first large-scale crude preheat deployment for our  
El Segundo plant. Results confirmed that there was an 
emissions reduction of approximately 20,000 tonnes 
CO₂ per year.

I look forward to coming to work every day to advance 
these projects, which are reducing CO₂e emissions  
and advancing Chevron’s strategy.

at chevron, we believe  
the future of energy is lower  
carbon, and we support  
the global net zero ambitions  
of the paris agreement

Upstream net zero 2050 aspiration
In 2021, we announced our aspiration to achieve net zero 
upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050. Accomplish- 
ing this aspiration depends on continuing progress on 
commercially viable technology; government policy; 
successful negotiations for carbon capture, utili zation  
and storage (CCUS), hydrogen and nature-based  
projects; availability of cost-effective, verifiable offsets  
in the global market; and granting of necessary permits  
by governing authorities.

potential scope 1 and 2  
reduction opportunities

source type

reduction strategies

supporting policy

direct  
energy use: 
combustion

Energy management,  
e.g., efficiency improve-
ments, fuel switching  
to lower carbon sources, 
CCUS, offsets

Carbon pricing,  
carbon-related reporting, 
innovation support  
for technologies like 
CCUS, offsets

flaring

fugitives and 
venting

Gas market develop-
ment, operational best 
practices, e.g., flow 
assurance

Methane management,  
e.g., leak detection  
and repair, pressure-
management systems

Infrastructure support for 
gas market development

Equipment performance 
standards

indirect  
energy use: 
imported 
electricity  
and steam

Energy management,  
e.g., efficiency improve-
ments, fuel switching  
to lower carbon sources, 
CCUS, offsets

Carbon pricing,  
carbon-related reporting, 
innovation support  
for technologies like 
CCUS, offsets

marginal abatement cost 
curve process (MACC)

Our MACC process is a disciplined and value-
driven approach to reduce the carbon intensity of 
our operations and assets by optimizing carbon 
reduction opportunities and integrating GHG 
reduction technologies across the enterprise.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
16

addressing methane emissions

Chevron’s ambition is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance. Our goal is simple –  
keep methane in the pipe. We believe addressing methane emissions is a key part of being a responsible 
producer of oil, products and natural gas.

2.0

kg CO₂e/boe
target upstream methane 
intensity by 2028 

Reducing methane intensity
To evolve facility designs, we’re reengineering process 
controls and systems to help remove, reduce or prevent 
methane venting as part of normal operations. In 2022,  
we committed to designing, where possible, new upstream 
facilities without routine methane emissions. We anticipate 
that our monitoring and detection program will provide 
additional insights to improve how our facilities are operated 
and maintained.

U.S. upstream methane intensity

e
o
b
/
e
₂

O
C
s
m
a
r
g
o

l
i

k

6

3

0

national average

chevron

boe = barrels of oil-equivalent

64%

lower methane 
intensity
than the U.S. upstream production 
sector average as of 2022 for 
Chevron U.S. upstream operations

Improving detection to prevent methane emissions
Since 2016, we have conducted 13 advanced detection 
technologies trials. “Find and fix” campaigns in Argentina,  
the Denver-Julesburg Basin, the Gulf of Mexico, the  
Permian Basin and Kazakhstan provided opportunities  
to test different methane emissions detection and 
measurement options. Detection results were used to  
validate performance and inform repairs. In 2022, Chevron 
contracted with GHGSat to monitor 22 onshore assets 
worldwide. We believe advanced technologies can help  
drive overall reduction in methane intensity.

global methane pledge

Chevron supports the effort to reduce global  
human-made methane emissions by at least 30% 
from 2020 levels by 2030.

Advancing methane measurement
Chevron is taking actions to improve the quality and  
trans parency of our methane emissions disclosures.  
As quantitative technologies become more widely available 
and protocols are developed to reconcile current inventories 
with actual measurements, we are working to incorporate  
field measurement into existing emission factor based-
inventories. For example, we have joined GTI Energy’s 
Veritas, an initiative to develop measurement, reconciliation 
and assurance protocols, to help provide a widely accepted 
methodology for incorporating field-informed methane 
quantification into emissions inventories.

2022

methane
report

Chevron’s 2022 Methane Report discusses 
our strategy, goals and action plan to prevent, 
detect and reduce methane emissions.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
17

 
portfolio carbon intensity

We believe the most effective approach to estimating the total emissions intensity associated  
with the activities of companies, like Chevron and their customers, should cover the full value chain  
inclusive of all emission types (Scope 1, 2 and 3).

For Chevron, Scope 3 emissions result principally from 
customers’ use of the products we sell and are the largest 
category of emissions associated with our activities. Chevron 
expresses the emissions intensity per unit of energy. 

Our portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology facilitates 
calculation transparency and replicability by using information 
from financial statements and emissions disclosures. This 
approach enables validation of reporting and the comparison 
of carbon intensities of companies that may participate in 
different parts of the value chain. The PCI metric encompasses 
upstream and downstream businesses, as well as growth 
of lower carbon business lines in renewable fuels; carbon 
capture, utilization and storage; hydrogen; offsets; and other 
emerging technologies.

chevron supports

•  A price on carbon through well-designed policies, 

see page 54

•  Transparently reporting Scope 3 emissions from 

the end use of our products (Category 11)

•  Assisting customers to achieve their lower  

carbon ambitions through our renewable products 
and by offering offset-paired products

71

g CO₂e/MJ
target portfolio carbon intensity 
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2028

A PCI calculator is available on our website for anyone to  
use and compare energy companies’ carbon intensities.  
It has recently been updated to provide increased disclosures 
on the assumptions around energy and emissions factors  
and includes a list of frequently asked questions.

To access the PCI calculator, visit chevron.co/chart-generator.

chevron’s PCI metric

The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) metric, which includes Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, represents 
 the carbon intensity across the full value chain associated with bringing products to market.

third-party 
operations

chevron 
operations

use of  
products

CCUS and 
offsets

chevron’s  
PCI

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
18

growing new energies
Our targets guide growth in our new energies business lines. We continue to build momentum by actively 
pursuing opportunities around the globe that we believe will position us as a future leader in this space.

2030 
targets

100 mbd renewable fuels

25 mmtpa carbon capture and offsets

150 mtpa hydrogen ¹

40,000 mmbtu/d renewable natural gas

accelerating actions on renewable fuels targets

hydrogen solutions for hard-to-abate sectors

Renewable fuels can help reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity 
of transportation fuels while meeting the world’s growing 
energy needs. Chevron intends to grow our renewable fuels 
production capacity to 100,000 barrels per day by 2030. 
Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables, a joint venture between 
Bunge North America, Inc. and Chevron, is expected to help 
develop renewable fuel feedstocks by leveraging Bunge’s 
expertise in oilseed processing and farmer relationships and 
Chevron’s expertise in fuels manufacturing and marketing. 
With the acquisition of Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG), 
in 2022, we increased renewable fuels production capacity 
toward our renewable fuels target. By combining REG’s 
growing renewable fuels production and leading feedstock 
capabilities with Chevron’s large manufacturing, distribution 
and commercial marketing position, we are positioned to  
be a leader in the renewable fuels space.

We aim to grow production of renewable natural gas (RNG) 
to 40,000 mmbtu/d by 2030. In 2022, Chevron and California 
Bioenergy LLC announced a joint investment in their second 
holding company to produce and market dairy biomethane 
as an RNG transportation fuel in California. Chevron also 
has a joint venture with Brightmark LLC to construct dairy 
biomethane projects to produce RNG in multiple states. 
With our acquisition of Beyond6 in 2022 and its network of 
compressed natural gas (CNG) stations across the United 
States, we can market the RNG we produce or procure through 
a nationwide network of CNG locations.

1 Chevron’s approach to hydrogen envisions the use of green, blue and gray hydrogen.

Chevron continually evaluates opportunities to grow our 
hydrogen business line. We believe we are well positioned to 
participate across the value chain to supply industrial, power 
and heavy-duty transportation customers.

Leveraging existing strategic partnerships and building new 
ones will be the foundation to meet hydrogen demand growth. 
An example is our ongoing collaboration with long-standing 
liquefied natural gas (LNG) partner JERA. We are working 
together to identify lower carbon solutions such as carbon 
capture and sequestration, liquid organic hydrogen carriers, 
and the production of lower carbon fuels.

In 2022, our technology ventures group announced an invest-
ment in Aurora Hydrogen. Aurora is developing a hydrogen 
production technology that uses microwave energy without 
generating any CO₂ emissions or consuming water. Hydrogen 
production using Aurora’s technology has the potential to 
reduce global CO₂ emissions.

hydrogen from green waste

Chevron is collaborating to develop a waste-to-hydrogen 
production facility in Richmond, California. The facility is 
expected to use up to 99 wet tons of green and food waste 
per day and produce up to 2,400 tonnes of hydrogen per 
year. The hydrogen is intended to supply transportation 
fuel markets in Northern California.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
19

CCUS as a lower carbon business

carbon capture to storage 

We’re building on decades of experience handling CO₂ to 
become a full-service carbon capture solution provider, 
enabled by foundational projects and working with partners 
across the value chain. CCUS is the process of capturing CO₂ 
emissions to use as a feedstock (utilization) or permanently 
store in geological formations deep underground (storage). 
We see CCUS opportunities in two areas: reducing the carbon 
intensity of our existing assets and building a carbon capture 
business, primarily through hubs with third-party emitters as 
partners and customers.

We plan to reduce the carbon intensity of our central  
California operations by installing post-combustion carbon 
capture equipment to capture CO₂ and store it thousands  
of feet underground. This potential CCS project will begin at 
Chevron’s Kern River Eastridge cogeneration plant in Kern 
County, California.

In 2022, Chevron entered into the Bayou Bend joint venture 
with Talos Energy and Carbonvert. Bayou Bend is a CCS 
project along the Texas Gulf Coast. In early 2023, the project 
was expanded to cover nearly 140,000 acres of geological 
formation both onshore and offshore, which could provide 
storage for over 1 billion tonnes of CO₂. The expansion helps 
position Bayou Bend to be a CO₂ transportation and storage 
provider for industrial emitters in and around the Houston  
Ship Channel and the Beaumont/Port Arthur area.

CO₂ capture

CO2

Implementing CCS at scale
In Australia, we operate Gorgon, one of the world’s largest 
integrated CCS projects. Since the system started up in  
mid-2019, almost 7 million tonnes of CO₂ emissions have been 
injected as of 2022. We expect to capture and store more  
than 100 million tonnes of CO₂ over the life of the project.

In Canada, we have a 20% nonoperated working interest  
in the Quest CCS project, the world’s first commercial-scale  
CCS project to tackle carbon emissions in the Canadian  
oil sands. The Quest project safely captures and stores  
1 million tonnes of CO₂ per year, sequestering approximately  
7 million tonnes of CO₂ as of 2021.

Commercializing investments in technology
Chevron has invested in multiple carbon capture technologies, 
including startup companies Svante and Carbon Clean, to help 
drive down costs and develop these technologies at scale.

In collaboration with Svante and the U.S. Department of 
Energy National Energy and Technology Laboratory,² we are 
piloting technology that captures CO₂ from our Kern River 
facility in San Joaquin Valley, California.

The carbon capture trial at our McKittrick facility, also 
in California, combines two technologies, Caterpillar’s 
CarbonPoint Solutions’ semi-closed cycle CO₂ concentration 
technology and Carbon Clean’s fully modular CycloneCC 
technology. Other examples include:

•  In 2022, we signed a joint agreement with Mitsui O.S.K. 

Lines, Ltd. to study the feasibility of transporting liquefied 
CO₂ from Singapore to permanent storage locations 
offshore Australia.

•  A consortium of Chevron, Air Liquide, Keppel Infrastructure 

and PetroChina International intends to evaluate and 
advance the development of large-scale CCUS solutions  
and integrated infrastructure in Singapore.

•  Chevron Australia participates in joint ventures that have 

been granted an interest in three offshore GHG assessment 
permits. These new permits have the potential to expand 
Chevron’s portfolio of CCS assets in the Asia-Pacific region.

2 Under award number DE-FE0031944.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
20

in a growing world faced  
with complex energy  
challenges, innovative solutions 
are required to advance  
a lower carbon future

Technology and innovation
Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) identifies, 
invests in and integrates externally developed 
technologies and new business solutions. CTV 
targets innovation and transformational technology 
in areas like CCUS, hydrogen and emerging power, 
among others. For example, Chevron Studio is a 
collaboration between CTV and the U.S. Department 
of Energy National Renewable Energy Laboratory. 
Launched in 2022, the $10 million program links 
entrepreneurs with national labs and universities to 
scale up and commercialize innovative, early-stage 
technologies that have the potential to enable a 
lower carbon future.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/growingnewenergies.

generating offsets and achieving lower  
carbon ambitions

Chevron believes offsets, along with other lower carbon 
solutions, will be needed to achieve global net zero. Offsets 
can be generated through avoidance, reduction and removal 
activities. We believe that high-integrity carbon offsets can 
help companies, like Chevron, and our customers achieve  
their respective lower carbon ambitions. Chevron believes 
a large, transparent, verifiable and robust voluntary carbon 
market is key to the integrity of offsets. As global demand 
grows, we expect to be a supplier of offsets and provide 
customers with offset-paired products. For example, in 2022, 
we safely delivered our first cargo of offset-paired LNG. 

We’re also planning to invest directly in scalable, nature-based 
solutions. In St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, we are working  
with Restore the Earth Foundation to plant approximately  
3.7 million trees, primarily bald cypress. Almost half a million 
trees have been planted for this carbon offset project,  
with more planting underway. This nature-based solution  
is expected to help restore up to 18,800 acres of cypress  
forest and swamp habitats and benefit dependent plant and 
wildlife species. 

emerging technologies

Chevron has a long history of fostering innovation through 
research and development, innovation ecosystems and 
university partnerships. We are currently exploring oppor-
tunities to commercialize and scale the next generation  
of emerging technologies to grow our offering of lower  
carbon solutions.

In 2022, Chevron and Baseload Capital announced a  
joint venture to develop geothermal projects in the United 
States. Leveraging our combined experience and technical 
strengths, we aim to advance scalable, novel geothermal 
technologies and tap into the Earth’s core heat, an important 
renewable power source. Traditional oil and gas sector com-
petencies, including subsurface, wells, drilling and completions,  
are especially relevant in this effort. The first project is in 
Weepah Hills, Nevada, where previous geothermal research 
and advanced exploration data already exist. With the  
potential to provide reliable, baseload power, we believe  
geothermal energy will be a contributing element in the 
energy system of the future. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
21

chevron renewable  
energy group

fueling a lower carbon future, today

As one of the first companies to build commercial-scale  
biodiesel plants in the United States, Renewable Energy 
Group, Inc. (REG) has been at the forefront of the evolving  
biofuels industry. Established in Iowa in 1996, REG was 
acquired by Chevron in 2022. The new organization, Chevron 
Renewable Energy Group (CREG), based in Ames, Iowa,  
will help us achieve our renewable fuels production capacity 
target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

Balancing economic prosperity, energy security and environ-
mental protection is important to us. We expect CREG  
to position us to create an ever-stronger renewable fuels  
business that meets evolving customer needs.

CREG aims to leverage our feedstock aggregation capabilities  
and operational technology to help provide lower carbon 
solutions for hard-to-abate sectors, such as rail, marine and 
heavy-duty transportation. In pursuit of innovative and  
sustainable solutions, we have established vertical integration 
opportunities with regional partners.

flexible feedstock
In 2022, 69% of our feedstock was 
from waste and residual streams 
and 31% was from vegetable oils.

community 
We were awarded the 2022  
Volunteer Business of the Year by 
the Ames Foundation for our  
work planting nearly 400 trees 
over the past two years.

renewable diesel
Renewable diesel meets the same 
standard as petroleum diesel 
(ASTM D975) but with lower 
lifecycle carbon emissions and 
lower exhaust emissions.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
22
22

managing renewable feedstocks

expanding production

The primary inputs for producing biodiesel and renewable 
diesel are fats, oils and greases. We utilize a flexible  
sourcing strategy to manufacture products with lower  
lifecycle carbon emissions.

One of our priorities is supply chain compliance, which  
helps promote integrity in the business. We screen  
potential feedstock partners, assessing factors such as  
environmental and human rights impacts, and expect  
suppliers to adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct.  
We work to ensure that all feedstocks can be traced to the 
point of origin or aggregation. Independent third-party  
verification bodies validate our internal control processes  
for sustainability program compliance.

Our investment in CoverCress, Inc. (CCI) is an example of  
our pursuit of innovative feedstock solutions. CCI is developing 
CoverCress,™ a winter oilseed cash crop that could be grown 
like a cover crop during the off-season. Besides having the 
potential to augment our supply of lower carbon feedstock, 
CoverCress offers the typical benefits of a cover crop, like 
mitigating soil erosion, improving soil health, and reducing 
water and nutrient movement.

In 2022, our Emden, Germany, biorefinery broke ground  
on a pretreatment system that will allow us to refine a  
broader variety of lower carbon intensity feedstocks to 
produce biodiesel. In addition, the improvement and 
expansion project at our Geismar, Louisiana, renewable  
diesel facility continues. Started in 2021, the expansion is 
intended to raise the biorefinery’s annual capacity from  
95 million gallons to approximately 348 million gallons.

supplying the rail sector

CREG is working to help rail companies meet their lower 
carbon ambitions. Union Pacific continues to test the 
performance of our 80% renewable diesel, 20% biodiesel 
blend. They also use 100% bio-based diesel in locomotives at 
the Colton, California, rail yard. In 2022, the Canadian National 
Railway Company commenced a two-year test to evaluate 
how our biodiesel and renewable diesel perform, especially  
in cold weather conditions.

To learn more, visit regi.com.

biodiesel

To deliver strong performance 
and lifecycle carbon reduction, 
biodiesel could be blended 
with both petroleum diesel and 
renewable diesel.

circularity

For over 10 years, Restaurant 
Technologies has supplied feed-
stock to our facilities and now  
uses our renewable fuels in their 
own fleet.

partnership

With Iowa State University, we 
are evaluating new lower carbon 
feedstocks for production of 
renewable diesel.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
23
23

environmental risk management

protecting the environment takes effective  
processes, leading technologies and dedicated people

environment strategy

environment risk management process

Chevron’s Environment strategy underscores our commitment 
to protect the environment. By embedding this into enter-
prise business planning, we aim to enhance environmental 
performance across the globe. The strategy promotes 
systematic consideration of business risks and environmental 
performance alongside external stakeholder expectations.

focus on  
environment

The Environment strategy shapes enterprisewide 
processes and procedures to influence environ-
mental metrics, workforce training, technology 
investments and external partnerships. 

In addition to focusing on our climate and carbon 
objectives, we also endeavor to:

•  Conserve fresh water in water-stressed regions

•  Protect biodiversity

•  Manage waste generation and waste stream 

circularity

•  Reduce non-GHG¹ air emissions

1 Non-greenhouse gas air emissions include sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides  
and volatile organic compounds, excluding methane.

For Chevron, getting results the right way is important 
throughout the life of a project – from planning and 
construction through operation and decommissioning.  
We employ long-standing risk management processes to 
evaluate facility, activity and product-related risks across the 
lifecycle of the business. Our Environment Risk Management 
Process helps business units identify and evaluate their 
environmental risks alongside safety risks and asset integrity. 
Risks and safeguards identified through the process are 
integrated into individual business unit risk profiles and inform 
the Environment strategy. 

growing workforce capabilities

We continue to build environmental fluency and competency 
within our broad workforce and strengthen coordination 
between our technical center and businesses. To promote 
data quality and consistency, our environmental experts offer 
biannual training on reporting data for air and energy and  
for waste and water.

In 2022, we trained environmental risk assessors and  
launched a digital tool to evaluate risks across the enterprise. 
This information is used to inform long-term vision and 
business planning for the Environment strategy.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, 
operations and asset retirement. The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to 
identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
24

Brennan Ott
Senior Environmental &  
Regulatory Specialist,  
San Joaquin Valley business unit

employee spotlight

As an avid surfer, I value protecting the environment.  
At Chevron, I work to apply environment risk manage-
ment practices that contribute to the safety of our  
daily operations and the success of new projects. The 
Environment Risk Management Process is designed  
to be fit-for-purpose so that it can be applied to activities 
with a broad range of complexity, including large  
projects and ongoing operations.

Chevron recently proposed the Kern River Eastridge 
carbon capture and storage project in the Kern  
River field, where Chevron has been operating for over 
100 years. When assessing projects, our process seeks 
to strengthen our safeguards and apply lessons learned 
across Chevron. We bring together a variety of technical 
and business function experts with a broad range of 
view points. Identifying environmental risks, across an 
asset lifecycle, guides selection and implementation of 
safeguards that can protect people and the environment.

I believe using the Environment Risk Management 
Process can help set projects on a strong path  
to success.

metrics and performance

At Chevron, we aim to achieve results and enhance 
transparency by annually reporting environmental metrics  
and performance data. 

In the 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report, we expanded 
reporting of freshwater metrics. We shared data on fresh 
water withdrawn within water-stressed areas as well as water 
intensity metrics for the upstream and refining sectors.

Throughout 2022, we have engaged upstream and refining 
operations to better understand environmental performance 
and develop insights into improvement opportunities. We  
also continue to work to better understand non-greenhouse 
gas air emissions and waste data.

performance monitoring
Increased functionality 
of enterprise environmental  
data dashboards

understanding data 

Performance data may vary from year to year or across multiple years. Variations may result from causes such as methodology 
updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives. The decreases identified below are 
primarily driven by expirations related to the Rokan concession in Indonesia and Erawan concession in Thailand, divestments, 
updates to calculation methodologies and flaring reductions. 

>50%

decrease
in upstream oil discharges to  
surface water since 2018

25%

decrease
in nitrogen oxides  
emissions since 2018 

44%

decrease
in volatile organic compounds  
emissions since 2018

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
25

at operationalizing higher-yield and lower-cost recycling 
approaches. It targets innovation along the full packaging 
value chain in categories such as lower carbon footprint 
feedstocks; functional and smart materials; design for reuse 
and recycle, collection, sorting, cleaning and recycling 
technologies; digital and connected solutions; and new 
business models.

addressing plastic waste

To reduce waste and develop circularity opportunities, we  
seek to learn from industry peers and sustainability leaders. 
Circularity opportunities include recycling, reusing or 
repurposing post-use plastic. We’re working to leverage 
partnerships to share best practices, drive innovation and 
develop industry standards.

our partnerships are taking  
steps to reduce plastic waste and  
to develop a circular economy

In 2022, Chevron joined the Ipieca Circular Economy Task-
force, which aims to improve understanding of circularity  
in oil, gas and alternative energy industries. We also joined the 
U.S.-based National Lubricant Container Recycling Coalition, 
an industry-led technical coalition focused on developing a 
national market-sustaining program to drive the recovery  
and recycling of plastic packaging used to transport lubricants 
and related products for commercial and consumer use.

We are partnering on sustainability-related initiatives  
through our joint-venture companies, CPChem and GS Caltex.  
Using KBR and Mura’s Hydro-PRT® (Hydrothermal Plastic 
Recycling Technology) process, GS Caltex is establishing a 
50,000 ton/year unit in South Korea to convert waste plastics 
into raw materials for conversion into new plastics.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/environmental.

chevron phillips  
chemical company

Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (CPChem), a 50-50 
joint venture between Chevron and Phillips 66, is a 
founding member of Cyclyx International, a consortium-
based feedstock management company with a mission to 
help increase the recycling rates of post-use plastic from 
10% to 90%. In 2022, Cyclyx launched 10 to 90 Challenge, 
a consumer engagement effort to divert plastics from 
landfills and into the Cyclyx supply chain. Cyclyx also 
signed an agreement to advance development of a plastic 
waste sorting and processing facility in Houston, Texas. 
The facility aims to connect community recycling programs 
to new recycling technologies that have the potential to 
accept a wider variety of plastics.

innovation

Chevron targets innovation and transformational 
technology development through participation in external 
interdisciplinary, multi-institution research programs designed 
to improve environmental performance. As a member of Rice 
University’s Carbon Hub, a zero-emissions research initiative, 
we are supporting research to explore the potential use  
of methane-derived carbon for sequestration in soil. Within 
NEWT, an engineering research center for nanotechnology 
water treatment also headquartered at Rice University,  
we are exploring efficient modular water treatment systems 
to facilitate access to clean water.

targeting innovation
We participate in zero- 
emissions and sustainable  
research initiatives

In 2022, Chevron Technology Ventures invested in a sustain-
able industrial innovation fund, by Emerald Technology 
Ventures, focused on sustainable packaging. The fund 
provides access to novel technology and partnerships aimed 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
26

biodiversity

we work to protect biodiversity through  
our operating practices and innovative solutions

Biodiversity, or variation of living things from genetics to 
ecosystems, is essential to a healthy biosphere and human 
welfare. The foods we eat, shelters we rely on and medicines 
we use are direct benefits of biodiversity. We also benefit 
indirectly through natural functions such as pollination, 
climate regulation, water purification and nutrient cycling. 
Chevron recognizes the importance of biodiversity and  
works with communities, universities, regulatory agencies, 
industry groups and conservation organizations to take  
action to help protect and enhance it.

screening for biodiversity

We are creating a global geospatial database of our upstream 
onshore operations and have overlaid protected area data sets 
provided through the Proteus Partnership and the Integrated 
Biodiversity Assessment Tool. The combination allows us  
to screen operating sites and potential new projects against 
multiple biodiversity resources, such as the International 
Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Area 
Management Categories I–IV, the IUCN Red List of Threatened 
Species and the World Database of Key Biodiversity Areas.

Screening of our 2022 portfolio identifies no upstream 
onshore operating sites in IUCN I–IV areas, except for  
Barrow Island, Australia. There, we have several decades 
of operating within an Australia-designated Class A 
nature reserve (IUCN category Ia – strict nature reserve). 
Through the exclusion of invasive species on Barrow Island, 
our environmental stewardship has contributed to the 
conservation of rare and threatened species, such as the 
spectacled hare-wallaby and golden bandicoot.

Our geospatial database helps us understand potential  
bio diversity impacts and benefits at the site level. Screening is  
intended to strengthen risk assessments through our Environ-
ment Risk Management Process and quality decision making.

Paul Hoffman
Environmental Specialist,  
Rehabilitation, 
Australasia business unit

employee spotlight

I grew up on a farm in Western Australia, which set me 
up well for a career in environmental rehabilitation. With 
an interest in soils, nature and biodiversity, I gravitated 
toward studies in natural resource management, which 
led to my current position as a rehabilitation specialist 
for Chevron Australia.

I am currently focused on restoration and revegetation 
of 82.5 acres on Thevenard Island, Western Australia.  
To help protect the area’s unique biodiversity, my team  
has been collecting and propagating 14 target species 
of indigenous seeds and cuttings from the island. The 
island environment is predominantly coastal beach 
sand with low rainfall, so the chance for seeds to 
naturally germinate is compromised. We spent time 
to understand the soil physics and chemistry of the 
rehabilitation area to identify a preferred planting 
method. In a controlled nursery on the mainland, we  
give the vegetation a head start before transporting  
it back to the island for planting.

I’m proud of the results that we’ve achieved. Fairy 
terns, a vulnerable bird species, are now roosting in the 
rehabilitation area. It’s fantastic to see native species 
inhabiting the area and to know that I’m working on 
something for future generations.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, 
operations and asset retirement. The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to  
identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
27

applying the mitigation hierarchy

The Environment Risk Management Process incorporates 
Chevron’s Protective by Design concept, which underpins the mitigation 
hierarchy and is used when evaluating projects or design changes.

preventive

remediative

avoidance

reduction

restoration

offsets

•  Site selection

•  Design

•  Scheduling

•  Physical controls

•  Reestablishment of  

•  Restoration offsets

•  Operational controls

•  Abatement controls

habitat types

•  Reestablishment of  

biodiversity

•  Reestablishment of  
ecosystem services

•  Averted loss offsets

preventive measures

To protect biodiversity during planning stages, Chevron 
prioritizes preventive measures to avoid or reduce potential 
impacts. Avoidance measures may include site selection, 
design and scheduling. Reduction measures may include 
physical, operational and abatement controls.

Work plans eliminate routine activities on the beach  
during pupping season. When work is unavoidable, we 
coordinate with the city and dedicate onsite wildlife  
monitors to reduce potential impacts to the seals. Our 
personnel also undergo marine mammal training, specific  
to their responsibilities, to remain sensitive to the seals  
and the surrounding environment.

California harbor seal rookery protection
In 2017, Chevron established the West Coast Decommission- 
ing Program to complete the decommissioning of five oil 
plat forms and related facilities in federal waters off the central 
coast of California. The Carpinteria Gas Plant pier provides 
shore-based support to two of the platforms. This pier is 
adjacent to an active harbor seal rookery.

Independent volunteers watch over the rookery year-round, 
particularly during pupping season from December through 
May when the city of Carpinteria closes the beach to the 
public. Working with the volunteers, we allow monitoring  
from an overlook on plant property. 

Wherever possible, the West Coast Decommissioning team 
takes great care to avoid and reduce disturbances to the  
seals and their pups. We are able to adjust pier lighting and 
reduce the public address system noise levels to reduce 
disturbances to the rookery.

Australia solar-powered mobile lighting
To reduce the potential effects of diesel-powered mobile 
lighting towers on biodiversity, we began trials on four 
solar-powered mobile lighting towers in 2020 at our Gorgon 
operations in Australia. Solar-powered lights remove or  
reduce many of the environmental impacts of diesel-powered 
lights, such as noise, odors, vibration and carbon emissions. 
The solar-powered LED lights maintain wavelengths at  
590 nanometers. This is ideal for reducing impacts to turtle 
hatchlings and other nocturnal fauna, which tend to be less 
attracted to this wavelength. Based on the success of the 
trials, Chevron has leased an additional 27 units, for use in 
Australia, and is evaluating wider use in our global efforts to 
monitor and prevent impacts to biodiversity.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
28

remediative measures

Chevron may also implement remediative measures, such as 
restoration and offsets, that can help achieve a net positive  
impact on local biodiversity. Restoration may include reestab-
lishment of habitat types, biodiversity or ecosystem services. 
Offsets may include restoration offsets or averted loss offsets 
to compensate for biodiversity impacts.

New Mexico wetlands restoration
Regulatory-required remediation activities at the Questa 
Mine in New Mexico triggered the need to offset 2.74 acres of 
wetlands. In consultation with stakeholders, Chevron elected 
to restore wet meadows and mountain fen, which is a high-
altitude peat-forming wetland unique to the area.

Restoration in the Cabresto Creek watershed of New Mexico’s 
Sangre de Cristo Mountains began in 2019. By 2021, we had 
restored approximately 6.7 acres of wetland habitat through 
the installation of corrective structures.

Site monitoring has confirmed a reduction in erosion and a  
rise in the water table. Vegetation is responding to the 
hydrology improvements, and characteristic mountain fen  
and wet meadows plant species are returning. 

protecting habitat and species

Chevron is involved in a variety of projects designed to  
protect habitat and benefit sensitive species, which can help 
us achieve a net positive impact on biodiversity within  
certain regions.

Gnatcatcher habitat preservation
For nearly a century, the West Coyote Hills property in 
Fullerton, California, operated as a 2,000-acre oil field until 
operations ceased in the early 1990s. The property is one 
of the few large, contiguous tracts of natural lands south of 
the San Gabriel Mountains. It is home to a variety of wildlife 
species and protected vegetation, including the California 
gnatcatcher, an endangered bird, and its habitat, the coastal 
sage scrub. In 2021, we sold 24 acres to the city of Fullerton. 
The sale allowed remediation of the site and a link to the 
Robert Ward Preserve, an area we had previously donated  
to the city. Additionally, Chevron converted two miles of  
roads in the preserve to nature trails for public use.

ipieca

Chevron is a member of the global not-for-profit oil  
and gas industry association, Ipieca. We contribute 
technical expertise and participate in their Biodiversity  
and Ecosystem Services Work Group and task forces  
for Nature Positive, Nature Related Disclosure and 
Reporting and Nature Based Solutions. In 2022, our 
technical experts supported the effort to update the Guide 
to Developing Biodiversity Action Plans and participated  
as one of Ipieca’s delegates in the 15th meeting of the 
United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 15) 
in Montreal, Canada.

Sociable lapwing conservation
Our Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) joint venture continues to 
sponsor the Association for the Conservation of Biodiversity  
of Kazakhstan (ACBK) and their work on the Sociable Lapwing 
Conservation Project. While this critically endangered 
migratory bird is not present in TCO’s operational area, it  
does breed in Kazakhstan. This conservation project is an 
important biodiversity offset for TCO to achieve no net  
loss of terrestrial natural habitat.

In May 2022, the ACBK conservation team discovered the bird 
in locations where it had not been witnessed nesting for more 
than seven years. The team was able to satellite-tag, for the 
first time, an adult female bird in addition to 17 more birds. 
ACBK will analyze migratory paths and identify where these 
individual birds spend their wintering time, which will support 
additional conservation programs, such as habitat protection.

nature-based solutions

We launched Chevron New Energies (CNE) to advance  
lower carbon solutions in our own businesses and to serve 
our customers’ lower carbon goals. CNE is evaluating a 
variety of opportunities, including nature-based solutions, 
which encompass actions that increase carbon sequestration 
through environmental conservation, restoration and 
improved land management practices. We believe nature-
based solutions can potentially benefit biodiversity and 
communities while also helping us achieve our lower  
carbon ambitions.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/biodiversity.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
29

water

stewarding responsible water management

strengthening water stewardship

Water is vital to our operations as we develop and supply 
energy to meet growing demand around the globe. We aim 
to drive efficient and responsible water use, reuse, recycling 
and conservation. Chevron recognizes that collaboration 
with the communities where we operate is fundamental to 
strengthening water stewardship.

To advance our vision for water stewardship, 
Chevron aims to:

•  Evaluate, implement and maintain safeguards 

designed to prevent or mitigate potential impacts 
to the environment, including water resources,  
and surrounding communities throughout the 
lifecycle of our assets

•  Identify solutions to reduce water withdrawals  
for our operations, especially in high water  
stress areas

•  Assess water treatment technology solutions  
to mitigate wastewater-related impacts to  
the environment

•  Measure the effectiveness of our management 

practices, drive accountability within our 
operations and communicate performance  
to stakeholders

•  Build partnerships with stakeholders and 

participate in industry water resources initiatives  
to share best practices in water management and 
support the development of industry standards 
and related policy

percentage of total fresh water  
withdrawn in stressed  
vs. non-stressed areas in 2022

24%

water- 
stressed 
areas

76%water non- 

stressed areas

using nonfresh water in high or extremely  
high water stress areas 

We use the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool  
to map operated assets in water-stressed areas. In 2022,  
seven upstream facilities, one biorefinery, one oil refinery  
and one additives facility were located in areas of high  
or extremely high water stress, according to the WRI tool.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design,  
development, operations and asset retirement. The Environment Risk Management Process is our  
systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
30

increasing recycled  
water in chevron  
permian basin operations

0% recycled  
water in

2016

13%

fresh
water

87%

brackish 
water

Fresh water

Recycle water

Brackish water

60%

recycled
water

60% recycled  
water in

2022

<1%

fresh
  water

39%

brackish 
water

Fresh water

Recycle water

Brackish water

To avoid using fresh water in a high water stress area, our 
business in Australia operates two onshore permanent  
sea water reverse osmosis desalination facilities with a 
combined maximum capacity of approximately 1.8 million 
cubic meters per year. Throughout the commissioning 
and operation of these facilities, comprehensive effluent 
ecotoxicology analyses have been undertaken to  
reduce potential impact to the marine environment  
and protect biodiversity.

water-stressed areas 
Our operated assets are mapped  
using the WRI Aqueduct  
tool. Visit chevron.co/watermap.

recycling and reusing produced water to  
reduce shale and tight freshwater use

Our operations in Northeast Colorado conducted a pilot 
study on produced water recycling in late 2021, which led to 
the construction of a recycling facility catering to our shale 
and tight operations. The facility started up in August 2022 
and will run for slightly over two years, diverting almost all 
produced water flow for recycling and eventual reservoir 
reinjection. The expected recycled volume is up to 17 million 
barrels throughout the facility’s lifetime, which translates to 
approximately a 12% reduction in freshwater volume usage.

Permian Basin operations continue to increase the use of 
recycled produced water to displace the use of fresh and 
nonfresh water for completions. In 2022, 99% of water 
demands for well completions were met using brackish or 
recycled water. By using nonfresh, brackish or recycled  
water, we help preserve fresh water in the Permian Basin,  
a drought-prone area.

Aris Water Solutions provides produced water gathering  
and recycling services infrastructure in the Permian Basin. 
Under our agreement with Aris Water Solutions, we will 
contribute to the development and piloting of an integrated 
system of technologies to treat produced water for potential 
reuse in applications outside of the oil field.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
31

 
we are seeking innovative solutions  
to increase produced water  
recycling and reuse in our operations

Alejandro Calvo
Senior Environmental Engineer,  
Angola LNG

employee spotlight

In 2003, I joined Chevron in my home country of  
Colombia and spent my first 14 years on multiple assign-
ments within the Latin America business unit and  
Chevron Technical Center. Over the years, I gained 
fluency in environmental management topics, including 
risk-based assessment of operations activities.

Now as a senior environmental engineer at Angola LNG 
(ALNG), my focus is to help local practitioners deploy 
OEMS processes, including the Environment Risk 
Management Process. For example, we are using this 
risk-based approach to help us prioritize critical actions 
to improve wastewater management.

Partnering with our waste and water team has been 
invaluable. In 2019, the team guided us through an 
extended plantwide wastewater monitoring program 
to characterize risk and develop a risk profile. During 
the COVID-19 pandemic, we developed a detailed water 
management plan for ALNG’s 2022 turnaround. While 
working remotely, the technical experts in Houston 
collaborated with us to develop a day-by-day plan to 
successfully and safely manage water and process  
waste throughout the turnaround.

I am proud of my contributions to growing the capabil-
ities of others and am gratified to see the members of 
my team using their technical skills to provide effective 
wastewater management solutions.

enhancing environmental safeguards

Processing crude with a higher nitrogen content is  
challenging because wastewater with higher nitrogen loads  
can be harder to reliably and consistently treat. To better 
manage these issues and achieve required treatment 
levels, the Pascagoula Refinery implemented a series of 
improvements. Improvements included upgrading the 
bioreactors with a new bioreactor inlet and aeration system  
in 2021. This infrastructure upgrade enables the refinery  
to process nitrogen-rich crude and enhance environmental 
safeguards by improving wastewater treatment performance.

new mexico produced  
water research consortium

In 2022, Chevron participated in the New Mexico Produced 
Water Research Consortium. Through this engagement, 
we helped to advance scientific research and technology 
solutions for the treatment and fit-for-purpose reuse of oil 
and gas produced water. We were involved in conducting 
a demonstration of treatment technologies, formulating 
risk and toxicology approaches, and evaluating potential 
economic impacts related to the beneficial reuse of 
produced water. We also provided input to guide the 
development of state policies and regulations.

At Chevron, we seek opportunities to advance our water 
management acumen through our partnership in research 
consortia and industry participation. In 2022, we piloted 
the Wastewater Impact Assessment Tool developed by the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development at four 
U.S. refineries. We also hosted a series of training sessions to 
improve our understanding of water footprint methodologies 
at site and product levels.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/water.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
32

empowering 
people

we put people at the center of everything we do

Photo: As COVID-19 restrictions lifted, we 
recognized the value of a hybrid work model  
for greater flexibility while enabling us to  
continue to build our culture.

health and safety  
management

our people are our most valuable resource

workforce safety

Regrettably, we had five contractor fatalities and recorded 
20 serious injuries in 2022. Fatalities and injuries have a 
profound impact on our families, communities and company. 
Protecting the health and safety of all those who work on our 
behalf is a core value. Chevron is committed to preventing 
serious incidents and fatalities.

Enabling safe work
To prevent serious injuries and fatalities (SIFs), we focus on the 
planning and execution of high-risk activities. We identify and 
initiate action plans at both the local and enterprise levels to 
engage front-line leaders and workers and enable safe work. 
Cross-functional teams work to implement and scale our SIF 
prevention efforts. Lessons learned are shared throughout 
the company and applied in our daily practices. We believe 
the application of these practices and the execution of the 
Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) are key 
to the continuous improvement of our safety performance.

IOGP

Chevron participated in an IOGP Safety Committee task  
force to understand the mechanisms that lead to serious 
injuries, referred to by IOGP as fatality and permanent 
impairment. In November 2022, the committee published 
definitions and concepts to support consistent reporting  
and measurement of actual and potential serious injuries.  
We believe the benchmarking data will help the industry 
further understand injury incidents and promote continued 
safety performance improvements through the provision  
of both lagging and leading metrics.

Maintaining contractor safety
Our Contractor Operational Excellence Management (COEM) 
process establishes clear accountabilities, promotes active 
partnership and provides a consistent approach to help 
prevent SIFs. Best practices and early-adopter experiences  
are shared through our COEM Community of Practice. In 
addition, a complementary digital application, eCOEM, 
enables Operational Excellence (OE) diligence during each 
phase of the contracting lifecycle.

Collaborating for safety improvement
Chevron partnered with other international energy companies 
and the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers 
(IOGP) to host Safety Collaboration Forum 2022, Projects 
and Wells. The forum assembled strategic contractor partner 
companies with capital project and wells expertise. Agenda 
items included leadership’s influence on safety performance, 
proactive learning and Start-Work Checks as a verification 
tool for front-line worker SIF prevention. After the sessions, 
attendees discussed how they can drive changes within 
their organizations. This forum set a foundation for safety 
collaboration and emphasized improvement and human 
performance principles as a key to industry risk resiliency.

Embracing human performance
Human and organizational performance (HOP) principles  
and concepts help mitigate the risk of human errors.  
They encourage the workforce to capture and share 
innovations and key lessons learned from the field to 
accelerate continuous improvement. In November 2022, 
Saudi Arabian Chevron conducted a two-day SIF awareness 
and prevention workshop with industry peers and contractor 
companies. The workshop introduced HOP principles,  
such as a verification and validation program and coaching 
front-line workers performing high-risk work or potential  
high-consequence work.

The OEMS Workforce Safety and Health and Process Safety, Reliability and Integrity expectations  
enable consistency and standardization across the company. Everyone in the workforce contributes to  
our Operational Excellence culture and performance. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
34

examples of how we collaborate with 
nonoperated joint ventures to manage risk

knowledge  
sharing

partnership

For risk-based assessment and prioritization of nonoperated joint ventures (NOJV), Chevron  
utilizes an NOJV health, safety and environment (HSE) process. The associated tools and guidance  
apply consistency in the assessment of partners’ HSE capabilities. Where practical, Chevron  
seconds employees to NOJV operations to partner and share best practices. Chevron influences 
partners to: (1) eliminate fatalities, serious injuries and illnesses; (2) eliminate high-consequence 
process safety incidents and operate with industry-leading reliability; and (3) assess and manage 
significant environmental and social risks.

Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC, an NOJV partnership between Chevron and Brightmark Fund  
Holdings LLC, captures biomethane from dairy operations and updates it to renewable natural gas 
(RNG) used for transportation fuel. To influence safe and reliable operations, the Environmental, 
Health, Safety & Security (EHSS) committee, which includes members from both companies, reviews 
EHSS strategies, programs, compliance and performance. Together we work to mitigate potential  
risks through effective collaboration and best-practice sharing.

process safety

safety technology

Consistent execution in operations
Conduct of Operations (COO) encompasses the standards  
and practices used to structure operational practices  
and operations management tasks. Through COO, we can  
influence the performance of work activities in a deliberate 
way, reducing variation in outcomes to improve safe, reliable 
and consistent operational performance. We harmonized 
existing practices into an enterprisewide business improve-
ment network (BIN) to reinforce strong COO, enable effective 
input on new standards development and promote sharing of  
best practices. COO BIN membership comprises operations  
specialists and process safety experts from across Chevron 
business units and technical functions.

Real-time air modeling
Part of being a good neighbor is being ready to act should  
an incident occur in a community where we operate. To  
maintain our vigilance, Chevron systematically tests 
technologies designed to keep the public and our workforce 
safe. The El Segundo Refinery piloted Industrial Scientific 
Corporation’s SAFER One® solution, a plume-dispersion 
modeling software that uses live meteorological and gas 
detection readings to update plume projections in real time. 
Incident managers can assess the immediate downwind 
impact from a point of release to make decisions and deploy 
resources that reduce potential risk to personnel and the 
surrounding community.

product stewardship

Chemical management through technology
Chevron manages over 1,500 chemicals in product formu-
lations as part of our Operational Excellence Product 
Stewardship process. In 2022, we created more than 
70,000 safety data sheets in 39 languages. Digital dashboards 
prioritize the chemicals based on concentration in the product, 
region of distribution and hazard classification. This provides 
our business units with the information needed to analyze  
how and where potentially hazardous chemicals exist in the 
value chain. It also allows our business partners to make 
informed decisions about the chemicals they use.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
35

Nishi Nijhawan
Commercial HSE Advisor,  
HSE Strategy,  
Planning & Communications

Our annual Enterprise Health Index collects anonymized 
employee health measurements over eight different 
dimensions, including individual health and well-being.  
Overall scores increased as we returned to office locations  
and adopted hybrid schedules after the height of the  
COVID-19 pandemic. However, individual well-being scores 
have decreased in the stress management and work-life 
balance areas.

employee spotlight

The Chevron Way has enabled me to deliver results 
aligned with my own values. After growing up in 
Trinidad, I completed undergraduate studies in London 
and postgraduate studies in California before joining 
Chevron as an environmental professional. In the 
20 years since, I’ve worked in many different countries 
across Chevron’s global business, including Indonesia, 
Australia and Kazakhstan. These experiences have  
given me the ability to understand risk identification and 
management with different asset types, geographical 
settings and cultures. 

In my current role, I support Chevron’s business  
development efforts. When pursuing a potential acqui-
sition opportunity, I bring together a cross-functional 
team that will conduct due diligence and evaluation  
from an OE risk perspective. Our approach assesses  
all OE aspects – health, safety, environment, reliability,  
process safety and stakeholder issues. Our objective  
is to identify the risks so that we can develop safeguards 
and manage them responsibly as part of the integration 
into our operations.

Acquisitions and investments can present new opportu-
nities and risks. The OEMS provides a systematic process 
to manage risk to people and the environment across all 
stages of the asset lifecycle.

health

Promoting workforce well-being
Chevron recognizes that mental, emotional and physical 
health is paramount to workforce well-being. Our aim is to 
have resources proactively and readily available to the entire 
workforce and their family members prior to an individual 
experiencing an elevated emotional strain or a diagnosis 
of a mental or physical health condition. The meQuilibrium 
(meQ) app has been expanded to include employees’ adult 
dependents and made available in more languages, making 
a stress management resource more accessible to our global 
workforce and their families.

workforce well-being 
Chevron is proud to be named among the  
Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America in 2022 by 
Healthiest Employers,® honoring organizations 
that prioritize employee well-being.

Chevron received the 2023 Platinum Bell Seal  
for Workplace Mental Health by Mental  
Health America. The Bell Seal is a first-of-its-kind  
workplace mental health certification that 
recognizes employers who strive to create mentally 
healthy workplaces for their employees.

Our mental health campaign strategy focused on setting 
boundaries at home and the workplace to establish balance 
and expectations that may mitigate stress and burnout. In 
2022, many of our employee networks organized mental, 
emotional and physical well-being events and highlighted 
work-life services. Our Women’s Employee Network focused 
on burnout, and our XYZ Employee Network highlighted the 
importance of emotional and physical well-being. 

To help reduce employees’ anxiety about returning to office 
locations, the Chevron Health & Medical team addressed 
stigma and other emotional well-being factors through 
masking and vaccination messaging. The team also continued 
to provide COVID-19 testing and contact tracing services. 
The ergonomics team conducted workstation evaluations for 
both in-office and at-home workspaces to address physical 
discomfort and satisfy corporate standards.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
36

partnering for health equity

Health equity can be described as the state when every person can attain full health  
potential without being disadvantaged because of social and other factors.

Chevron Health & Medical considers health equity when assessing workforce health strategies  
and in supporting prevention, education and treatment that may benefit the communities  
where we operate. We believe programs that are accessible, affordable, prevention-focused, and 
culturally and globally relevant can go a long way toward addressing equity issues.

culturally adapted  
well-being

assisting underserved  
populations

reaching children  
in need

health equity in the workforce: 
ambassadors

health equity in the community:  
CAL-PEP

health equity in the community:  
PATH

Wellness Ambassadors created within 
our employee networks encourage 
health equity by partnering with  
Health & Medical to provide targeted 
health awareness programming that  
is culturally adapted.

Inclusion as a driver of well-being was  
a focus of Black Employee Network 
(BEN) panel discussions. BEN raised 
awareness of mental health issues 
among people of color and provided 
a space to discuss topics related to 
emotional and mental well-being.

Responding to uncertainty experienced 
by employees returning to office 
locations, our Hispanic and Latin 
American employee network (Somos) 
hosted emotional well-being sessions. 
Sessions addressed cultivating healthy  
boundaries at work and home, 
embracing change and similar topics.

Chevron recognizes that there  
are opportunities to foster health  
equity through programs in the 
communities where we operate.  
For example, we are a decades-long 
sponsor of the California Prevention & 
Education Project (CAL-PEP), a  
program that assists marginalized  
and underserved populations in the 
Oakland/East Bay area.

CAL-PEP connects community  
members to lifesaving resources, 
including infectious disease testing, 
vaccination, and mental health and 
wellness support. Mobile units provide 
hot showers and hygiene and triage 
services to those without access  
to basic resources. In addition to 
continued funding from the company, 
Chevron volunteers assembled and 
delivered over 2,500 personal hygiene 
kits in 2022.

With a grant from Chevron, the 
international nonprofit organization 
PATH is supporting Nigeria’s decision-
making processes for the potential 
phased introduction of a malaria 
vaccine. Introduction would be through 
the National Primary Health Care 
Development Agency and the Nigeria 
Federal Ministry of Health.

We believe equity-focused interventions 
with partnerships that support health 
systems can significantly improve public 
health outcomes. Nigeria’s evidence-
based vaccine adoption processes 
and the country’s proposed plans to 
introduce the malaria vaccine to reach 
children in greatest need reflect this 
priority of Chevron and PATH.

Combating infectious disease
Southeast Asia One Health University Network (SEAOHUN) 
universities are working together to develop the next 
generation of health professionals with the right set of  
skills and mindset to respond to infectious disease threats. 
We are collaborating with SEAOHUN on a program called 
“Strengthening One Health Education in Southeast Asia.”  
This program aims to improve public health literacy in children 
and lays the foundation for effective public responses to 

future infectious disease threats. The program provides 
opportunities for Chevron to engage with an extensive 
network of national, regional and international One  
Health stakeholders in the areas where we operate.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/healthsafety.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
37

people and culture

we invest in people and foster a culture of belonging

diversity and inclusion at  
chevron are enabled by our strong 
corporate culture, empowering  
our employee workforce, advancing 
racial equity, and focusing on talent 
recruitment and development

Our Chairman’s Inclusion Council provides employee  
network presidents with a direct line of communication to 
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human 
Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, 
and the Enterprise Leadership Team. The council allows 
executives and network presidents to collaborate and discuss 
how employee networks can reinforce Chevron’s values of 
diversity and inclusion. 

our corporate culture

Chevron invests in its workforce and culture, with the objective 
of engaging employees to develop their full potential to deliver 
energy solutions and enable human progress. A compelling 
employee experience supports the pursuit of meaningful 
careers. We promote resources for good health, well-being 
and work-life balance. Our focus is on strengthening the 
attraction of future employees and retention and upskilling 
of our current employees. We promote a culture of feedback 
within the workforce and develop leaders to sustain and 
strengthen our culture for the future.

Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well-being 
and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and  
strategies. Chevron regularly conducts employee surveys 
to assess the health of the company culture. Recent surveys 
indicate high employee engagement. Our survey frequency 
enables us to better understand employee sentiment through-
out the year and gain insights into employee well-being.

empowering our employees

At Chevron, employee networks are voluntary groups of 
employees that come together based on shared identity  
or interests. These networks seek to foster an inclusive and 
supportive work environment for all employees.

chevron employee networks in 2022

networks

11
˜19,000

network members

As employees’ needs change, we evolve to meet those 
changing needs. In 2022, our Boomers Employee Network 
became the Stages Employee Network, recognizing the need 
to shift from a generation-based network to one that spans 
the stages of an employee’s career. In support of Chevron’s 
long-term employment model, the network is dedicated  
to sharing knowledge and experience among employees as  
they transition through their careers and lives.

Chevron established an Equity Review Committee to  
review employee concerns with promotion or selections.  
The committee, which includes external experts, will offer 
external perspectives on whether our promotion and  
selection processes are yielding equitable results.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
38

Mario Lopez
Pricing Fuels Lead,  
Mexico, Colombia and  
Central America

employee spotlight

I’ve been fortunate to have opportunities for global 
collaboration and leadership at Chevron since 2001, both 
in Pricing and through volunteering with Somos. Somos 
is Chevron’s Latin American and Hispanic employee 
network. As their Integration Officer, I’ve focused on 
driving communication and professional development 
among chapters since 2019.

Somos aims to help Chevron employees access equal 
career development opportunities. To support this goal,  
in 2022 we piloted an early career mentoring program  
in Argentina, where motivated Chevron leaders and  
employees were matched to develop their organizational  
capability and build relationships. Participants praised 
the program, commenting on the immediate value this 
mentorship provided for their current roles and near-
term career planning.

Our work with the Hispanic Outreach and Language 
Assimilation (HOLA) initiative, in collaboration with  
Chevron’s social investment efforts, supports community  
outreach and volunteering in the Hispanic communities 
where we operate. One area we’re passionate about 
promoting is science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics (STEM). Somos members in Central 
America have volunteered with a nongovernmental 
organization to implement STEM programs.

In September 2022, we held our Global Somos employee 
network conference, which brought together Somos 
network leaders from across our business to meet in 
person and build leadership skills. Within Somos we 
apply a “Familia” or “one team” approach to our work. 
We believe collaboration across the enterprise helps us 
to achieve our full potential.

attracting underrepresented,  
new and early talent

Chevron pursues the talent of underrepresented groups, 
including women and minority groups, through programs and 
partnerships. This includes developing strong relationships 
with universities and diversity associations. Our approach 
begins with our refreshed external careers website, including 
21 country pages to highlight our diversity and inclusion 
efforts and attract multigenerational talent around the globe.

Our intern program serves Chevron’s early-career talent 
pipeline. In 2022, the internship program was hybrid, 
providing virtual and in-person work opportunities. Our  
intern and full-time campus hires from underrepresented 
talent pools increased between 2020 and 2022.

internship talent pipeline
In 2022, 90% of the full-time  
offers extended to previous  
interns were accepted

Looking beyond traditional talent sourcing channels, such 
as specific schools and universities, we’ve collaborated 
regionally with Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.® and Alpha 
Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.® This expansion allows us to 
attract underrepresented candidates from historically African 
American organizations. Through these efforts we hired our 
first Corporate Compliance Law Function intern, who after 
their summer internship experience was offered and accepted 
a full-time position.

Chevron’s University & Partnerships team hosted “Getting to 
Know Chevron” virtual sessions for our partners from histor-
ically Black colleges and universities. Over 2,200 students  
demonstrated interest in Chevron, and 215 attended sessions 
on energy transition, technology and Chevron’s Horizons 
early-career development program.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
39

advancing our racial equity strategy

In 2020, Chevron made a $15 million pledge to support the 
Black community in the United States to address barriers to 
equity. Two years later, we continue our efforts to address 
racial barriers through community partnerships, education, 
job creation, and talent and leadership development.

Diversifying talent sourcing
We continued our collaboration with the American Petroleum 
Institute (API) and Opportunity@Work to focus on skills-based 
hiring to broaden our reach and diversify our talent pipeline. 
Launched in 2022, the API SkillsReady job readiness program 
is designed to attract and train entry-level candidates and 
close industry skills and diversity gaps. Graduates receive 
an API Certificate endorsing their knowledge of industry 
operations. Our partnership with Opportunity@Work also 
helps us identify and source people they refer to as STARs 
(Skilled Through Alternative Routes). Rather than a bachelor’s 
degree, STARs obtain training through nontraditional paths 
such as community colleges, workforce training, certifications, 
military service or on-the-job learning. 

Investing with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund
As part of our racial equity strategy, we support the Thurgood 
Marshall College Fund (TMCF).

•  We partnered with TMCF on our Chevron Energy 

Innovation Summit, which featured a two-and-a-half-
day case competition that covered design-thinking, 
business modeling and pitch instruction. Winners received 
scholarships and met with Chevron executives and senior 
leaders. For 2022–2023, one full-time offer and three intern 
offers have been extended to summit participants. Chevron 
Technology Ventures hosted panel sessions focused on 
careers and innovation in energy. 

•  Chevron is working with TMCF on the National Black Talent 

BankTM program, designed for select students with technical 
degrees from historically Black colleges and universities 
and predominantly Black institutions. Program participants 
complete technical training, upskilling and certifications 
that prepare them to enter the workforce in software and 
industrial engineering roles, including entry-level roles with 
Chevron, post training.

leadership commitment

Through external board appointments, Chevron contributes to diversity,  
equity and inclusion within our industry and the communities where we operate.  
Our enterprise leaders serving on external boards in 2022 are listed here.

Michael K. Wirth 
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer

Josetta Jones
Chief Diversity and  
Inclusion Officer

Catalyst is a global  
nonprofit organization.  
To learn more,  
visit catalyst.org.

National Action  
Council for Minorities  
in Engineering is a 
U.S.-based nonprofit 
organization. To learn  
more, visit nacme.org. 

Pierre Breber 
Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer

Thurgood Marshall  
College Fund is a  
U.S.-based nonprofit 
organization. To learn  
more, visit tmcf.org.

Rhonda Morris
Vice President and Chief 
Human Resources Officer

United Negro College Fund 
is a U.S.-based nonprofit 
organization. To learn  
more, visit uncf.org.

Opportunity@Work is a 
U.S.-based nonprofit organi-
zation. To learn more, visit 
opportunityatwork.org.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
40

Advancing our supplier diversity
In 2022, our Supplier Diversity Governance Board endorsed 
new strategies to increase spending with diverse businesses. 
We aim to diversify our supply chain by expanding our 
investment in technology and industry partnerships.

diverse supplier advocacy

We are long-standing partners and leading 
supporters of nonprofit organizations that have 
helped thousands of diverse businesses grow. 

These include:

•  National Minority Supplier Development Council

•  Women’s Business Enterprise National Council

•  National LGBT Chamber of Commerce 

•  Disability:IN

Our work with the API supplier diversity task force seeks to 
increase minority-owned business participation in our sector. 
Industry-focused training and development provides an 
opportunity to improve the supply of capable, high-capacity 
providers and increase demand for diverse suppliers from 
member companies.

Chevron is a member of the Greater Houston Partnership 
and its One Houston Together buyer’s cohort, dedicated 
to advancing racial equity and increasing spending on 
minority business enterprises. Our Chief Procurement Officer 
(CPO), Steve Freeman, participates in the cohort’s supplier 
diversity workstream, CPO Convening, aimed at expanding 
collaboration and increasing minority business growth.

Racial equity audit
In 2022, Chevron commissioned an external review of 
our racial equity and diversity and inclusion initiatives. 
The resulting report recognizes our progress and offers 
recommendations for how we might continue to improve.  
For more information, visit chevron.co/2023rea.

investing in our people

We believe in fostering leadership at every level, whether 
supervising a team or informally influencing peers. Our 
development programs are designed to help people achieve 
their full potential, accelerate leadership capabilities, and 
cultivate a diverse and robust talent pipeline in an ever-
changing work environment.

Because Chevron believes in developing leaders at all levels, 
we introduced a new coaching program to reach deeper into 
the organization, including front-line supervisors, managers 
and, more recently, individual contributors. The BetterUp 
platform offers live, one-on-one coaching sessions and 
Coaching Circles™ with small groups of peers. Since its  
launch in 2020, Chevron has provided coaching to over  
2,900 supervisors, managers and individual contributors  
in 45 countries and 18 languages.

Chevron also offers multiple leadership development  
programs with a focus on self-reflection, continuous  
learning and strategic networking. Specifically for women,  
the Transformational Leadership® for Multicultural  
Women Program addresses headwinds faced by multi-
cultural women in their leadership journeys. The Global 
Women’s Leadership Development Program, now in its  
third year, promotes acceleration of women’s leadership 
development and experience. Almost 100 women have  
participated in these two programs.

In 2022, nearly 135 employees participated in Asian American, 
Asia-Pacific, Black, and Latino-focused leadership programs 
that address topics unique to each demographic group and 
enhance leadership and other skill sets essential to success.

executive leadership council

Through our four-year agreement with The Executive 
Leadership Council (ELC), Chevron has sponsored  
leadership development training for over 135 Black 
employees, with more than 40 attending in 2022. We’ve  
also partnered to develop the Chevron ELC Scholarship 
Program, a $675,000 multiyear investment where five  
rising sophomores in business or STEM majors receive 
$20,000 annually for three years. One scholar from the  
2021 group completed an IT internship in 2022 and accepted 
a second internship for 2023. A second group of scholars  
was announced in October 2022.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/diversityandinclusion.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
41

human rights

enabling human progress  
begins with respecting human rights

strengthening processes

We operationalize our commitment to respecting human 
rights by implementing processes, procedures and tools that 
enable us to identify and manage potential human rights 
impacts. This includes guidance on conducting risk and impact 
assessments as well as engaging with suppliers, contractors 
and other business partners.

Within our Operational Excellence Management System 
(OEMS), our Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Manage-
ment process continues to be the primary mechanism to put 
into action our respect for human rights in the communities 
where we operate. Most Chevron business units undergo 
an OEMS audit every three to five years and conduct annual 
assurance activities. Through our OEMS audit and assurance 

program, subject matter experts review the effectiveness  
of process and safeguard implementation. 

Safeguards such as grievance mechanisms and plans for 
stakeholder engagement, issue management, emergency 
response and social investment are systematically reviewed 
alongside the other OEMS focus areas. Where a business 
unit has a resettlement plan or engagement with Indigenous 
Peoples, these plans are also in scope for an audit.

Since 2021, stakeholder-related safeguards have been 
formally audited across 18 business units and specific actions 
have been identified to continue improving their design, 
effectiveness and execution. 

chevron human rights policy

employees
We treat all employees  
with respect and dignity  
and promote diversity  
in the workplace

security
We protect personnel  
and assets and provide  
a secure environment  
for business operations

communities
We commit to regularly 
engage communities  
near our operational  
and project areas in 
meaningful conversations

suppliers
We expect our suppliers  
and contractors to  
respect human rights 
and adhere to applicable 
international principles

other business 
partners
We encourage our  
customers and business 
partners to respect  
human rights and to  
adhere to applicable 
international principles

The OEMS Stakeholders Focus Area and Security Focus Area expectations state the desired outcomes  
to manage associated risks, of which human rights is a subset. The Stakeholder Engagement and  
Issues Management process identifies and manages social, political and reputational risks to the company  
and addresses potential business impacts.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
42

chevron commits to  
respecting human rights as set  
out in the united nations  
universal declaration of human  
rights and international  
labour organization declaration  
on fundamental principles  
and rights at work

indigenous peoples guidance

Chevron aims to collaborate with Indigenous Peoples and 
their communities to build trusting and mutually beneficial 
relationships in a way that respects their history, culture 
and customs. In 2022, we reviewed our Indigenous Peoples 
Guidance and reaffirmed its alignment with The Chevron  
Way vision and values, Chevron’s Human Rights Policy,  
and our OEMS.

Jose Palacio
Business Strategic Advisor,  
Latin America business unit

employee spotlight

For the past 16 years, I have supported the implemen-
tation of Chevron’s social investment model for 
Indigenous communities. In my capacity as a Strategic 
Advisor, I coordinated Chevron’s initiative to promote 
maternal and child health among the Indigenous 
Wayuu people in the La Guajira region of Colombia.  
I also oversaw a plan aimed at spurring greater accep-
tance of COVID-19 vaccination among the Wayuus.

We partnered with Texas Children’s Hospital and the 
Baylor College of Medicine International Pediatric 
AIDS Initiative to assess the Wayuus’ health needs and 
develop a public-private partnership to treat maternal 
and child health. The program included training for 
bilingual nursing assistants, arranging transportation  
for vaccination campaigns in scattered areas and 
obtaining adequate supplies of the vaccine.

The program continues to have positive results.  
Maternal and infant mortality in the region continues  
to decline, COVID-19 vaccination coverage in La Guajira  
has risen from 0.52% to 71% of the Wayuu population, 
and more professionals have been trained to administer 
the vaccine. I am proud of my role in helping to  
establish trust among the Wayuus and supporting  
their medical needs.

Chevron’s Indigenous Peoples Guidance 
provides an approach for effective engagement 
and its incorporation into Chevron’s Stakeholder 
Engagement and Issues Management process and 
social investment plans. The guidance allows fit- 
for-purpose approaches to manage local Indigenous 
groups’ concerns. To learn more, visit Chevron's 
Canada business unit: 

chevron.co/indigenousrelationspolicy 
chevron.co/indigenouspartnerships

respect in the workplace

Following the Australian Human Rights Commission  
Respect@Work Report and a Western Australia parliamentary 
inquiry into sexual harassment in the resources industry,  
there has been an increasing focus on inappropriate  
behaviors in Australia workplaces. Against this background, 
Chevron Australia commissioned a voluntary review of 
behaviors in its workplaces.

A specialist consultant, Intersection, conducted workforce 
engagements across upstream worksites in the Pilbara and 
Perth, examined potential barriers to reporting and provided 
24 recommendations across four key focus areas:

•  Addressing the prevalence of any form of bullying, 

harassment and discrimination

•  Uplifting leadership accountability

•  Increasing diversity and inclusion

•  Improving the response to reports of inappropriate 

behaviors

Chevron Australia has accepted the recommendations 
and appointed a project manager, reporting directly to the 
Managing Director, to oversee implementation. Chevron 
Australia has also held business unit-wide “Stand Up for 
Respect” events to discuss the importance of everyone 
contributing to a workplace free from bullying, harassment 
and discrimination.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
43

environmental justice

In 2022, we published our Environmental Justice Principles. 
Since then, a cross-functional team has worked to advance 
our environmental justice approach. The team seeks to 
understand emerging environmental justice policy and 
related issues. In addition, the team offers tailored support 
to business units, which are assessing local context around 
environmental justice to engage with communities, lawmakers 
and regulators. 

Subject matter experts from our legislative and regulatory 
affairs and health, safety and environment functions continue 
to participate and engage externally. For example, they 
engage with API’s Environmental Justice Coordination Team 
and state and local trade associations. Our efforts to support 
our neighboring communities demonstrate our continued 
focus on environmental health and social performance.

A group of employees has been trained to serve as qualified 
environmental and social facilitators. Facilitators aim to 
look across environmental, social and community health 
parameters to assess cross-cutting impacts, promoting 
conversations that help us better understand how social  
and environmental issues are interconnected.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/humanrights.

partnership initiatives  
in the niger delta

Through the Foundation for Partnership Initiatives in the 
Niger Delta (PIND), Chevron is helping to reduce conflict, 
promote peace, create new jobs and livelihood opportunities, 
enable access to clean energy, and stimulate the local  
eco nomy. PIND facilitates investments from government, 
donors and private companies to advance socioeconomic 
development in the region. As of 2021, the initiative had 
11,372 active peace actors working to reduce conflict and 
facilitated 10,562 full-time jobs in the agro-allied and 
renewable energy sectors.

innovative community engagement

Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) operations are in the  
Niger Delta region, home to multiple ethnic groups and  
known to be conflict-affected. In 2003, a violent interethnic 
conflict resulted in significant damage to company infra-
structure. To move forward, CNL pursued a new approach  
to stakeholder engagement, leading to a global memorandum 
of understanding (GMoU).

The GMoU is a multistakeholder partnership model. Clusters  
of ethnically similar communities organize into regional  
development committees that govern how CNL funding  
is allocated for the socioeconomic development of the  
area. The GMoU model is based on accountability, transpar-
ency and unity among communities and demonstrable  
positive impact. Since its adoption in 2005, the model has 
been acknowledged globally for addressing community  
restiveness and peace building, and facilitating rapid, sustain-
able socioeconomic development.

we can learn from the  
Nigeria model as we advance  
our approach to operating in  
conflict-affected areas

Nigeria’s Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) of 2021 requires 
allocation of a percentage of operating expenditure to host 
communities’ development trusts. A key objective of the 
Act is to enhance peaceful and harmonious coexistence 
between companies and host communities. Leading up to and 
after enactment of the law, CNL broadly communicated our 
experiences working under the GMoU model. CNL shared the 
model with industry peers and the government. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
44

creating prosperity

we believe our business succeeds  
when our people and communities succeed

Reem Moharam
Office Manager,  
Chevron Egypt Upstream

employee spotlight

I have always believed that education is the fundamental 
way to enhance people’s lives – to teach them to catch  
fish for themselves. In today’s world, that equates to  
teaching young girls they can master science, technol-
ogy, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects that 
will help them compete for job opportunities.

My main role has involved coordinating with the 
Corporate Affairs team on the logistics in Egypt.  
In Egypt, engineering has too often been seen as a 
males-only profession. Chevron introduced a “Girls 
Make” program to teach STEM to young girls. This 
program is not only about educating and inspiring the 
girls who participate, it’s also about changing mindsets 
to see daughters as innovators. Our Corporate Affairs 
team in Houston initiated the program, which our 
company in Egypt supports in collaboration with the 
Egyptian government.

The selective program generated high interest and 
reached more than 150,000 individuals on social media. 
I’m excited by how this program can help give girls the 
confidence and skills to progress in this competitive field.

our focus on people, environment  
and prosperity allows us to  
give back to our communities

people

Providing disaster relief
Chevron provides aid to communities where we operate  
when they are impacted by natural disasters. When 
Bangladesh was affected by severe flooding in late spring 
2022, our support of Bangladeshi communities included  
funds for food relief and water purification. After Hurricane  
Ian in Florida, we donated to the Volunteer Florida Foundation, 
Team Rubicon, the American Red Cross and the Fuel Relief 
Fund to assist in immediate relief and recovery. Chevron  
also matched employee donations to Hurricane Ian relief  
and provided grants to nonprofit organizations where 
employees have volunteered.

chevron humankind program in 2022

In addition to our enterprise social investment  
programs, Chevron Humankind is a  
way for U.S.-based employees and retirees  
to support causes they care about. 

1,233

charitable organizations
benefited from volunteer time

$34M+

contributed to U.S. nonprofits
through a combination of employee  
and retiree giving and company matching funds

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
45

Partnering for maternal and pediatric care
We are proud of our collaboration with the United Nations 
Population Fund to reduce maternal and neonatal mortality 
in Equatorial Guinea. Workers at 23 health facilities have 
received reproductive-health training focused on reducing 
maternal mortality.

environment

Conserving coastal wetlands
Chevron has teamed with Ducks Unlimited to help preserve 
over 45,000 acres of wetlands in Louisiana. Many of the 
projects entail the construction of marsh terraces that will 
encourage the growth of aquatic vegetation, the food chain 
foundation for ducks, shorebirds, fish and other coastal 
wildlife. Our investment aims to fortify communities and 
protect the livelihoods of residents in South Louisiana. 

Contributing to nature-based solutions
In 2022, we continued our partnership with Conservation 
Volunteers Australia in the Revive our Wetlands campaign, 
which seeks to protect and restore wetland environments 
through targeted conservation. Our sponsorship through  
2024 will also finance community volunteer and education 
events, such as local wetland and biodiversity restoration.

prosperity

Supporting young engineers
Chevron partners with and donates to the Heznek for  
Practical Engineers program to benefit underprivileged 
students in Israel. Aiming to advance workforce diversity 
and inclusion, the program has had more than 1,500 student 
participants to date. We also support a school for practical 
engineers, known as the Chevron-Ruppin Center for Energy 
and Natural Gas. The program emphasizes careers in oil  

and gas, which helps complement the work of Heznek. Most  
of Ruppin’s graduates go on to work in Israel’s energy industry, 
which needs certified practical engineers.

Developing community spaces
Building relationships in the communities where we operate  
is at the core of Chevron’s values. Through Tengizchevroil, our 
joint venture in Kazakhstan, and Eurasia Foundation of Central 
Asia, we sponsor the Public Spaces program. The program 
helps municipalities develop and construct shared spaces, 
such as playgrounds, sports grounds and recreation areas. 
Over 275 residents have participated with local governments 
in project development and management training with the 
aim to increase local partnerships. In 2022, 65 public space 
projects were implemented, directly and indirectly benefiting 
more than 21,000 residents.

asia venture  
philanthropy network

Chevron is funding the Asia Venture Philanthropy  
Network (AVPN), which brings together companies, 
investors and foundations to foster innovation and 
strengthen the nonprofit, social investment ecosystem 
in Asia. Our contributions to AVPN pooled funds include 
support for health care in vulnerable communities and  
gender equity in STEM education for girls and women.

Assisting local schools
Chevron’s willingness to help took on sudden urgency in 
August 2022 when schools near our Richmond Refinery were 
vandalized. Over the summer, six schools were significantly 
damaged and lost valuable teaching supplies. Through 
our longtime DonorsChoose partnership, Chevron quickly 
provided supplies to teachers in the school district to begin 
repairs and progress teacher-requested projects ahead of  
the new school year.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/creatingprosperity.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
46

getting results 
the right way

we foster a culture of integrity and commit  
ourselves to do things the right and responsible way

Photo: Throughout our history, Chevron has  
been a place where trust and respect define  
our culture and where performance, truth  
and accountability guide the way.

governance

we believe that strong governance is the foundation 
to creating value for our shareholders

Our Board of Directors oversees and guides Chevron’s 
business and affairs. As part of its responsibility, the Board 
oversees risk management policies, practices and systems 
that are applied throughout the company.

Board members regularly consider critical risk topics as part 
of their oversight responsibility. Annually, through Chevron’s 
Enterprise Risk Management process, they review financial, 
operational, market, political and other risks inherent in our 
business and oversee the safeguards and mitigations that  
are put in place. The Board also oversees Chevron’s strategic 
and business planning process.

board oversight

The Board has four standing Committees, all composed 
entirely of independent Directors: Audit; Board Nominating 
and Governance; Management Compensation; and Public 
Policy and Sustainability. Each Committee fulfills important 
responsibilities to assist the Board’s oversight of risks with 
the goal of building long-term shareholder value. The Board 
and its four Committees also oversee related climate and 
sustainability issues.

Coming from various industries and backgrounds, our Board 
members bring diverse skills, experience and expertise. 
Their range of knowledge and experience spans operational, 
environmental, policy, regulatory and geographical arenas. 
New members are added, as appropriate, to ensure Board 
refreshment. For example, Cynthia “CJ” Warner, formerly 
president and CEO of Renewable Energy Group, Inc., joined 
the Board in 2022 and brings depth of experience across  
both the traditional and renewable energy sectors.

executive-level committees

The Executive Committee comprises corporate officers and 
is chartered by the Board of Directors to carry out policies in 
managing the company’s business. The Executive Committee 
has two subcommittees, the Enterprise Leadership Team and 
the Global Issues Committee, that specialize in various matters 
important to the company, including strategy and climate  
and sustainability issues.

Scott Banks
Subsidiary Governance Liaison

employee spotlight

Chevron Corporation has many subsidiaries throughout 
the world. Managing them properly requires a strong 
team within corporate governance that is well-versed in 
governance requirements and internal policies, as well  
as the subsidiaries’ processes and histories.

I’m one of three liaisons who each supports a different 
region where Chevron subsidiaries operate. Countries 
within regions have their own rules and regulations, 
and it can be challenging to determine how governance 
should function in each jurisdiction.

My role involves ensuring the proper governance of  
the subsidiaries and advising and coordinating with key 
internal stakeholders, such as Tax, Finance, Law and 
other departments. We must have knowledge of the 
governance regulations in every jurisdiction in which 
Chevron does business and be able to collaborate  
with stakeholders.

I also help to implement the governance integration, 
reorganization and corporate structure of companies we 
acquire, most recently Noble Energy, Inc. and Renewable 
Energy Group, Inc. I’ve learned the importance of 
involving stakeholders early in the integration process  
so that we can continue to improve our best practices  
in this area.

I am fortunate to have colleagues and mentors who 
share their knowledge to help protect the company  
and shareholder value. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
48

chevron’s governance structure relevant to ESG-related matters

investors

board of directors*

Board-level committees composed  
of non-employee directors

audit committee (AC)

board nominating and  
governance committee (BNGC)

management compensation 
committee (MCC)

public policy and sustainability  
committee (PPSC)

Assists the Board in 
overseeing accounting 
and financial reporting 
processes, including:
•  Internal controls over 
financial reporting
•  Relationship with 

independent auditor
•  Implementation and 

effectiveness of  
compliance programs

•  Financial risk management
•  Cybersecurity risks  

as they relate to financial  
risk exposures

•  Sustainability and climate 

change risks as they relate 
to financial risk exposures

•  Operational Excellence  

audit and assurance

Assists the Board in 
overseeing governance 
practices and processes, 
including:
•  Board succession planning
•  Board skills, experiences 

and qualifications

•  Stockholder engagement 
program (in conjunction 
with PPSC)

•  Board, Committee and 

Director evaluation process

Assists the Board in 
overseeing compensation 
programs and practices, 
including:
•  Executive retention and 

diversity strategies  
and supporting processes

•  Compensation program 

design and goals

•  Alignment of compensation 
with stockholders’ interests, 
including those related 
to sustainability and 
climate change risks and 
opportunities

Assists the Board in 
overseeing policy issues 
and potential risks in areas 
such as:
•  Environmental matters, 
including those related  
to sustainability and  
climate change

•  Legislative and regulatory 

initiatives

•  Community relations
•  Political contributions and 

lobbying

•  Chevron’s global reputation
•  Stockholder engagement 
program (in conjunction 
with BNGC)

Committees of executive officers  
operating under direction of the Board

executive committee† (EC)

enterprise leadership team† 
(ELT)

global issues committee  
(GIC)

Manages the composition, resource 
allocation and strategic direction of 
Chevron’s portfolio in the following areas:
•  Operational Excellence
•  Performance improvement
•  Energy transition
•  Enterprise Risk Management process
•  Market and price forecasts

Receives briefings on these topics from 
internal subject matter experts and consults 
with outside experts to discuss energy 
transition and climate change issues.

Oversees management of sustainability  
issues and practices, including:
•  Energy transition
•  Lobbying and trade association activity
•  ESG reporting
• Revenue and tax transparency
•  Human capital management
•  Human rights

Receives regular updates on these issues  
from internal subject matter experts in 
advance of quarterly meetings.

  * Chaired by Chairman of the Board
  † Chaired by Chief Executive Officer

Additionally, events may be handled via ad hoc, cross-functional Crisis Management and Issue Management  
teams, which report regularly to members of the ELT, and if appropriate, provide updates to the Board.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
49

board composition

skills, experience 
and expertise

board tenure, diversity  
and independence

CEO/senior 
executive/
leader of 
significant 
operations

science/
technology/
engineering/
research/ 
academia

government/
regulatory/
legal/
public policy

finance/
financial 
disclosure/
financial 
accounting

global 
business/
international 
affairs

leading  
business 
transfor- 
mation

environ- 
mental

director

Wanda M. 
Austin

John B. Frank

Alice P. Gast

Enrique 
Hernandez, Jr.

Marillyn A. 
Hewson

Jon M. 
Huntsman Jr.

Charles W. 
Moorman 

Dambisa F. 
Moyo

Debra Reed-
Klages

Ronald D. 
Sugar²

D. James 
Umpleby III

Cynthia J. 
Warner

Michael K. 
Wirth 

tenure ¹

age ¹

6.4

68

5.5

66

10.4

64

14.4

67

2.3

69

2.7

63

10.9

71

6.6

54

4.4

67

18.0

74

5.2

65

0.9

64

6.3

62

gender 
diversity

race/
ethnicity 
diversity 

independent

Black/
African 
American

White

White

Hispanic/
Latino

White

White

White

Black/
African

White

White

White

White

White

F

M

F

M

F

M

M

F

F

M

M

F

M

total/avg.

85%

77%

85%

100%

92%

77%

77%

7.2

66

46%

23%

92%

1 Tenure and Age as of May 3, 2023. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. previously served on Chevron’s Board from January 2014 to September 2017  
but resigned to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Russia. For purposes of calculating tenure going forward, we include only his current term.
2 Retiring as of the date of the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
50

the chevron way forms the foundation of our compliance  
program through its expression of values and  
expectations for business conduct and social responsibility

includes blatant actions, such as firing, transferring, demoting 
or publicly undermining someone, as well as more subtle 
actions, such as avoiding someone or excluding them from 
professional or social activities. It includes actions taken by 
managers and employees alike.

24/7

chevron hotline
To reinforce our Business Conduct  
and Ethics Code, the Chevron Hotline operates  
24 hours a day, seven days a week  
and is available for anonymous reporting  
in multiple languages

doing work the right way

We contribute to the communities where we work and live  
by creating jobs, developing and sourcing from local  
suppliers, and giving back in the form of social investment 
partnerships and programs. We pay taxes (chevron.co/taxes)  
in jurisdictions around the world and comply with all appli-
cable tax laws. We support the public finances of host countries  
by paying what we owe, in full and on time. Over the past 
decade, Chevron reported on our financial statements  
over $58 billion of income taxes and over $43 billion  
of non-income taxes, such as property taxes, severance  
taxes and payroll taxes.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/governance.

compliance and training

Developed from The Chevron Way principles, our Business 
Conduct and Ethics Code (chevron.co/code) communicates 
expectations for ethical business conduct. The Code  
reinforces our compliance commitment and the responsibility 
of each employee to ensure that Chevron’s activities adhere 
to legal and policy requirements everywhere we operate. 
Chevron maintains internal accounting, administrative and 
operational controls to manage these standards of conduct 
and compliance. We communicate the Code to our business 
partners through our contractual requirements and through 
ongoing engagement. Chevron employees and contractors 
receive training on Chevron’s Business Conduct and 
Ethics Code every two years. For 2022, the enterprisewide 
completion rate was 97%.

Our compliance program addresses detailed compliance 
requirements on many important subjects, including anti-
corruption, internal controls, international trade, anti-boycott, 
Operational Excellence (OE), data privacy and competition 
law. For each subject, senior-level Chevron leaders provide 
risk-based guidance on the company’s compliance 
requirements and training.

across chevron,  
compliance is everyone’s  
responsibility

We take pride that our employees are constantly mindful  
of the company’s stringent compliance requirements. And 
in that spirit, Corporate Compliance issues a quarterly award 
celebrating meaningful efforts to do business the right way.

The Chevron Hotline operates 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week and is available for anonymous reporting in multiple 
languages if someone suspects that anyone in Chevron or 
at our affiliates has violated any company policy or local 
laws or has information on any activity that could damage 
the company’s reputation. Chevron does not tolerate any 
form of retaliation for reports made in good faith. Retaliation 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
51

lobbying

we’re committed to transparency  
and disclosure of information

approach to lobbying

Lobbying is an important way for Chevron to participate in 
the political process. In the United States, Chevron engages 
with executive and legislative branches of federal, state and 
local governments to provide perspective on energy issues 
affecting the nation and the world.

Chevron strives to maintain positive, constructive relationships 
with policymakers and their staffs. In our engagements, we 
talk about the economy, regulations, energy security, foreign 
policy, research and energy development. Chevron also works 
with trade associations to advocate for effective, responsible 
and nonpartisan standards, regulations and energy policies.

updated disclosures

We’ve updated Chevron’s lobbying and trade association 
webpage (chevron.co/lobbyingandtrade) to be responsive  
to stakeholders’ increasing interest in how we engage  
with policymakers. The webpage outlines our political 
engagement strategies; our governance, policies, processes 
and training; our five-year history of corporate political and 
Chevron Employees Political Action Committee (CEPAC) 
contributions, including oversight of these activities by 
Chevron’s Executive Committee, the Board’s Public Policy 
and Sustainability Committee, and the CEPAC Board; and 
disclosure details. The webpage also includes links to all 
Chevron external reports representing the jurisdictions where 
we lobby and comprehensive trade association membership 
lists and disclosure of information, including semiannual 
updates of membership in U.S.-based organizations and 
lobbying expenditure ranges for each organization.

Alana O’Connell Ruegg
Senior Analyst,  
Political Compliance

employee spotlight

Chevron’s reputation, integrity and trustworthiness  
as a company are the main reasons I have continued  
my career here for 37 years. I have held various  
roles within Chevron, from operations to marketing.  
My background in cross-functional collaboration  
and business optimization and my childhood passion  
for politics inspired me to pursue my current role as a  
senior analyst for the Political Compliance team.

Transparency and accountability are important  
aspects of corporate political activity. My colleagues 
and I are responsible for responding to increasing 
stakeholder interest in how we engage with policy-
makers. On our lobbying and trade association  
webpage, Chevron provides extensive disclosure of  
our processes, tools and systems, which is intended  
to promote integrity and reflect good governance.  
A recent example of our increasing transparency  
is the biannual publication of the range of lobbying 
expenditures attributed to Chevron’s contributions  
to each U.S.-based trade association.

For the first time, Chevron was designated as a 
“Trendsetter” – the highest recognition – within  
the 2022 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political 
Disclosure and Accountability. The index benchmarks 
U.S. com panies in the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 for  
their disclosure and oversight of political spending.

I am grateful to be part of the team responsible for  
that recognition and to be surrounded by colleagues  
and leaders who embody The Chevron Way values.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
52

trade associations

Chevron holds memberships in industry and other associations 
that provide expert perspectives on safety, business, technical 
and industry best practices and a broad range of issues.  
While Chevron does not control, and may not always agree 
with, positions taken by trade associations of which we  
are a member, trade associations provide a unique venue  
to engage other companies and industry experts.

we rarely agree 100%  
with any trade association, but  
we believe our participation  
is important to the informed  
exchange of views

select climate-related  
engagement with trade associations

American Fuel & Petrochemical 
Manufacturers (AFPM) AFPM represents 
high-tech American manufacturers and 
midstream companies that enable the 
production and delivery of nearly all U.S. 
gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, home heating  
oil, critical petrochemicals and other  
refined products.

American Petroleum Institute (API)  
API represents all segments of the oil and  
gas industry in the U.S.

Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI)  
OGCI is a CEO-led initiative that is aiming  
to accelerate the oil and gas industry’s 
response to climate change.

U.S. Chamber of Commerce (U.S. Chamber) 
The U.S. Chamber develops and imple- 
ments policy on major issues affecting U.S. 
busi nesses of all sizes across many sectors  
of the economy.

Chevron engages with AFPM to encourage support of our climate principles and 
positions, such as an economywide carbon price and innovative breakthrough 
technologies. Our past engagements with AFPM helped create a Carbon Steering 
Committee in 2020. In addition, the engagements encouraged AFPM from historic 
opposition to carbon pricing to evaluating proposals on a case-by-case basis.

Chevron engages with API to support the development of climate policies that advance  
market-based approaches and innovation to support the goals of the Paris Agreement.  
API supports economywide carbon pricing, World Trade Organization-compliant 
mechanisms to mitigate carbon leakage and well-designed performance-based 
methane regulations on new and existing sources. API also supports policies and laws 
advancing research, development and deployment of critical early-stage technologies, 
such as the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 
Inflation Reduction Act related to clean hydrogen and carbon capture.

Chevron joined OGCI in 2018 and pledged $100 million to the $1 billion+ OGCI Climate 
Investments fund, which invests in technologies to reduce GHG emissions within 
the oil and gas value chain. OGCI member companies support the aims of the Paris 
Agreement. OGCI engages in policy-supported activities and contributes to the 
conversation on climate change. Chevron and other members reduced the group’s 
aggregate absolute upstream methane emissions by 40% and aggregate upstream 
carbon emissions (Scope 1) by 18% over the past five years. We also work closely  
with OGCI members to promote the development of carbon capture, utilization and 
storage industrial hubs.

Chevron works with the U.S. Chamber to encourage support for market-based 
approaches to climate policy, innovative breakthrough technologies and streamlined, 
efficient regulations. For example, the U.S. Chamber has long advocated for policies  
and laws providing for greater federal support of technology and innovation, such as  
the 2021 U.S. Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 U.S. 
Inflation Reduction Act. Similarly, the U.S. Chamber’s long-standing support for 
phasing down the use of hydrofluorocarbons, an especially potent greenhouse gas, 
helped secure bipartisan U.S. Senate ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the 
Montreal Protocol in 2022.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
53

climate policy framework

our overarching vision
We support policy that enables the realization of a lower carbon future at least cost to society.

we believe policymakers should

Ensure global  
engagement and action

Encourage investment  
in technology,  
research and innovation

Take a balanced  
and measured approach

Promote transparency  
and equity

elements of well-designed policy

•  Include all sectors of the economy 

•  Complement and reinforce rather than hinder market efficiency 

•  Utilize a price on carbon as the primary policy tool

•  Enable linking with other markets 

•  Recognize and account for negative emissions technologies and offsets

•  Support early-stage pre-commercial activity and research and development for breakthrough technologies

oversight

Chevron has both executive management and Board oversight 
of our lobbying and trade association activities. Chevron’s 
Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of the 
Board is the Committee primarily responsible for assisting 
the Board in overseeing climate and lobbying policy and 
reporting, as well as Chevron’s response to stockholder 
concerns regarding such activities. The Committee annually 
reviews the policies, procedures and expenditures related to 
the company’s political contributions and lobbying to assess 
the value of these activities and alignment with Chevron’s 
positions and interests, including those related to climate. 

At the management level, oversight of climate policy  
and lobbying is done through the Global Issues Committee 
(GIC). Chevron’s Corporate Officer responsible for climate 
change issues is a member of the GIC and serves as 
the secretary of the PPSC, enabling efficient sharing of 
information and guidance.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/governance.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
54

cybersecurity

protecting our people, information and operations

we aim to protect personnel,  
facilities, information,  
systems, business operations  
and our reputation

managing vulnerabilities

A vulnerability is an exploitable weakness in a system or device. 
At Chevron, we seek to preemptively remove vulnerabilities 
before they have a chance to become a threat. We create 
automated threat intelligence feeds from security experts  
to increase vulnerability awareness, taking action to mitigate 
the highest risks. Our cyber risk organization schedules  
weekly meetings with business units to raise vulnerability  
risk awareness and keep diverse cybersecurity skill sets 
connected across the enterprise.

Each day that goes by without patching a vulnerability leaves a 
system or device exposed and increases the risk of exploitation. 
For mobile devices, we enforce iOS upgrades while protecting 
communication channels, tailoring mobile security to enable 
business with little impact. We leverage market intelligence 
as well as internal and external expertise to monitor operating 
systems and third-party software. We complete security 
scanning of acquisitions, like Renewable Energy Group, Inc., 
before bringing them into our technology environment.

preparing for cyber threats

Our Business Continuity Planning Operational Excellence 
(OE) Process, a component of the enterprise OE Management 
System (OEMS), prepares Chevron to continue operations 
during an unplanned event or disruption, which aligns with 
our OE objective to prevent high-consequence security and 

cybersecurity incidents. To maintain continuity of critical 
business processes in the event a cybersecurity incident 
results in significant loss of IT systems, our Business Continuity 
Plans account for cyber conditions. We work to identify 
critical business processes and dependent IT applications 
and document the processes for continuing operations 
without IT systems. Cross-functional teams conduct regular 
multidisciplinary exercises to test and continually improve  
our plans. For example, in 2022, over 100 employees and 
senior leaders from varying disciplines and locations 
participated in an exercise to test and experience the impact 
of a large-scale outage.

implementing guardrails

Cybersecurity guardrails are high-level-technology, secure-by- 
design rules built into digital solutions. Their use at Chevron 
aligns with our imperative to “Secure Our Digital Future.”  
In 2022, we began updating our cybersecurity guardrails by 
migrating from a highly customized in-house technology 
environment to a more flexible cloud-based solution, Modern 
Desktop. It is largely an off-the-shelf software as a service 
solution that takes advantage of contemporary, standardized 
industry products with built-in security. This approach allows 
for better integrations, scalability within our organization,  
and collaboration with business partners and industry peers. 

protecting personal data

Data privacy is a set of rules that promotes the processing 
of personal data in a way that protects individuals’ rights 
and freedoms and that follows all applicable regulatory 
requirements. Chevron’s comprehensive privacy program 
is central to the success of our overall information risk 

The OEMS Security Focus Area expectations enable consistency and standardization across the enterprise. 
Security Management seeks to proactively identify security risks, develop personnel and sustainable programs  
to mitigate those risks and continually evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
55

management strategy. Sound privacy practices promote 
trust and integrity. We promote privacy by design and by 
default, which reduces privacy risks in systems, technologies, 
applications and business processes.

cultivating IT talent

Chevron aims to be a destination for top IT talent by providing 
superior career opportunities. Our focus on cultivating IT 
talent includes recruitment and retention strategies that 
seek a diverse mix of employees by targeting experienced, 
university and intern talent. For example:

•  We actively recruit from seven historically Black colleges 
and universities, nine Hispanic-serving institutions, and 
several minority engineering and computer science 
organizations.

•  In 2022, we recruited from our Welcome Back Returnship 

Program, which supports and develops experienced 
professionals reentering the workforce following a  
career break. Several offers for IT positions were extended 
and accepted.

•  Our Neurodiversity Hiring Program, an intern-to-hire 

program targeting neurodiverse talent, was expanded in 
2022 and seeks to fill more than 11 IT positions across the 
United States, Buenos Aires and Manila.

Our Cyber Talent Management team has developed  
detailed training activities and career mapping to support 
recruitment and retention strategies. Competency 
development activities help build top-tier talent with the 
technical, professional and leadership skills required to  
meet enterprise business objectives.

executive women’s forum

Chevron supports the advancement of women into 
cybersecurity and cyber risk roles. We encourage 
participation in communities like the Executive Women’s 
Forum (EWF), whose mission is to engage, develop and 
advance all women in the information security, IT risk 
management and privacy industries through education, 
leadership development and relationship building. We 
believe the EWF’s cross-company mentoring and lessons 
sharing can benefit Chevron’s members, who in turn can 
inspire and empower women in our workforce to achieve 
leadership positions in cybersecurity.

CJ Whiteside
Forensics Operations Lead,  
Cybersecurity Operations

employee spotlight

The big question my team confronts every day is, 
“How do we best protect Chevron?” In Cybersecurity 
Forensics, our areas of involvement include investigations,  
e-discovery, data recovery and divestitures.

Technology is changing daily. To help speed up 
investigations and make us more cost-efficient, we’re 
working on automation and conducting training to 
ensure our knowledge and capabilities are sharp and 
continually improving. Being proactive also means 
staying abreast of the global trends and standards 
applied by the digital forensics and investigative 
community around the world. That’s why I’m part of  
an external scientific working group that shares the  
best tools and practices for our community and a 
member of a multidisciplinary sensitive investigation 
group within Chevron.

My specialty is digital forensic investigations. As 
Chevron’s forensics operations lead, I draw on my 
prior experience specializing in cyber-related criminal 
investigations and digital forensic examinations for  
the U.S. government. I conduct investigations into  
cyber incidents to determine whether there could be  
an impact to Chevron.

A colleague and I started an internal video podcast 
originally to share our knowledge and experience 
within the Cybersecurity function. Recently, one of our 
podcasts was published on Chevron Workplace, the 
company’s internal social media, to promote available 
career pathways. I absolutely love what I do and 
encourage people to pursue a career in cybersecurity. 

Our career development maps cultivate engaged and 
motivated IT employees and provide opportunities to grow 
professionally and personally throughout their career.  
We are proud to note that three members of our Data  
Privacy team were selected as Fellows of Information Privacy 
by the International Association of Privacy Professionals.  
This designation will help support employee mentorship and 
keep Chevron aligned with software industry protocols  
and standards.

To learn more, visit chevron.co/cybersecurity.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
56

performance

we increase transparency by  
reporting metrics and  
performance data annually

Photo: Albert Lea, Minnesota. A wind  
turbine at our renewable fuel facility  
reduced carbon electricity emissions by  
94% between 2021 and 2022.

performance data

increasing transparency by reporting metrics  
and performance data annually*

Chevron is working with peers, stakeholders and voluntary 
framework developers to foster increasingly consistent and 
comparable information for investors and other stakeholders.

We consider reporting guidelines, indicators and terminology 
in the frameworks of Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), Task Force for Climate-related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance 
for the Oil & Gas Industry (2020) by Ipieca, the International 
Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) and the American 
Petroleum Institute (API), as well as other reporting frame-
works, to determine which data to include in our tables.

note that the references in the index columns are based  
solely on Chevron’s interpretation and judgment and  
do not indicate the application of definitions, metrics, 
measurements, standards or approaches set forth by third-
party groups, including the SASB and Ipieca frameworks.

The data tables within this section compile sustainability-
related metrics in alignment with several reporting standards. 
The tables present our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and 
other operated-basis metrics for environmental performance, 
employee and supplier diversity, and workforce health and 
safety. Following the quantitative metrics are qualitative 
metrics and links to other Chevron reports. 

To promote comparability, we map our reporting data to 
the relevant SASB and Ipieca frameworks to help provide 
information for investors and other stakeholders. Please  

The table below tracks annual progress toward our 2028  
GHG emissions intensity targets.

GHG reporting equity metrics and targets

Portfolio carbon intensity  
(grams CO2e/megajoule) 1

Upstream carbon intensity 2

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2028 target

74.9

73.8

73.4

72.7

71.4

71.3

71.0

71.0 

Oil intensity (kilograms CO2e/boe)

Gas intensity (kilograms CO2e/boe)

Methane intensity (kilograms CO2e/boe)

Flaring intensity (kilograms CO2e/boe) 

41.9

32.6

4.5

8.7

36.8

35.0

3.3

7.2

37.0

34.7

2.8

6.3

33.3

30.4

2.4

4.7

28.2

26.8

2.0

3.8

28.6

28.6

2.1

4.3

25.2

27.5

1.9

3.5

Refining carbon intensity  
(kilograms CO2e/boe) 3

36.6

34.5

34.9

35.9

38.6

37.9

37.0

24.0

24.0

2.0

3.0

36.0

*  Unless otherwise noted, this section reflects 2022 data collected as of April 11, 2023. All data are reported on an operated basis unless otherwise noted. Data from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. 
are included in this section unless otherwise noted. Operated GHG emissions, environmental performance, and workforce health and safety tables include data from Tengizchevroil LLP and the 
Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait (SAPZ). Although Chevron has traditionally included Tengizchevroil LLP data as if operated in this report, Chevron does not own a controlling 
interest in, does not operate and does not have the authority to force implementation of Chevron management systems within Tengizchevroil LLP. Tengizchevroil LLP is a separate legal entity 
operated under the direction of a partnership council that Chevron does not control. Inclusion of SAPZ data within the operational data is a reflection of alignment to OE reporting and not reflective 
of the underlying legal structure or governance practices. All restatements are restated against the May 2022 release of the Corporate Sustainability Report (2021). Variations year-on-year or 
across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives. 
Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives. See Forward-Looking Statements 
Warning on page 59 of this report. Numbers in table may not sum due to rounding.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
58

improving our data quality

forward-looking statements warning

The accuracy of the information we report is important to us. 
We conduct independent third-party assurance for Chevron’s 
GHG emissions and the processes used to create the 2022 
Corporate Sustainability Report. For our most recent ESG 
assurance statement, visit chevron.co/ESGassurance.

In our 2022 reporting, we’re proud to announce that we 
have increased the assurance level for GHG emissions from 
limited to reasonable. As of March 24, 2023, Chevron is the 
first oil and gas major† to report achievement of reasonable 
assurance of its GHG emissions from both operated and 
nonoperated assets. The scope of the assurance for 2022, the 
year for which this new reasonable assurance milestone was 
achieved, is on both an equity share and operational control 
basis, and excludes Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC 
and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. For our most recent GHG 
assurance statements, visit chevron.co/GHGassurance.

We have also obtained verification that our environmental and  
safety management system, Operational Excellence Manage-
ment System (OEMS), meets international standards and 
specifications and has obtained a Certificate of Approval for 
alignment with ISO 14001:2015 and 45001:2018. For our most  
recent certificate, visit chevron.co/oemsISOcertification.

We are continuing to progress our internal systems to further 
advance data quality and metric reporting.

To create customized charts 
and tables using our 
performance data, visit  
chevron.co/chart-generator

†  Compared to BP, ConocoPhillips, Eni, ExxonMobil, Shell and TotalEnergies.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
FOR THE PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES 
LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

This report of Chevron Corporation contains forward-looking statements  
relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition plans that are based  
on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about  
the petroleum, chemicals and other energy-related industries. Words or phrases 
such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “targets,” “advances,” “commits,”  
“designs,” “drives,” “aims,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “believes,” “approaches,” 
“seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” “pursues,” “progress,” “may,” “can,” 
“could,” “should,” “will,” “budgets,” “outlook,” “trends,” “guidance,” “focus,”  
“on track,” “goals,” “objectives,” “strategies,” “opportunities,” “poised,” “potential,” 
“ambitions,” “aspires” and similar expressions are intended to identify such  
forward-looking statements.

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject 
to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond 
the company’s control and are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes 
and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such 
forward-looking statements. The reader should not place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. 
Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events 
or otherwise. Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to 
our environmental, social, governance and other sustainability plans and goals may 
be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and are 
subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of future regulations.

Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural 
gas prices and demand for the company’s products, and production curtailments 
due to market conditions; crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be 
imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing 
countries; technological advancements; changes to government policies in the 
countries in which the company operates; public health crises, such as pandemics 
(including coronavirus [COVID-19]) and epidemics, and any related government 
policies and actions; disruptions in the company’s global supply chain, including 
supply chain constraints and escalation of the cost of goods and services; changing 
economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which 
the company operates; general domestic and international economic and political 
conditions, including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the global 
response to such conflict; changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins; 
actions of competitors or regulators; timing of exploration expenses; timing of crude 
oil liftings; the competitiveness of alternate-energy sources or product substitutes; 
development of large carbon capture and offset markets; the results of operations 
and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity 
affiliates, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic; the inability or failure of the 
company’s joint-venture partners to fund their share of operations and development 
activities; the potential failure to achieve expected net production from existing 
and future crude oil and natural gas development projects; potential delays in the 
development, construction or start-up of planned projects; the potential disruption 
or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, 
civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human 
causes beyond the company’s control; the potential liability for remedial actions 
or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation; 
significant operational, investment or product changes undertaken or required by 
existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international 
agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit 
or reduce greenhouse gas emissions; the potential liability resulting from pending 
or future litigation; the company’s future acquisitions or dispositions of assets or 
shares or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing 
conditions; the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments; 
government mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, taxes and tax audits, 
tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms, or restrictions on scope of company 
operations; foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar; higher 
inflation and related impacts; material reductions in corporate liquidity and access 
to debt markets; the receipt of required Board authorizations to implement capital 
allocation strategies, including future stock repurchase programs and dividend 
payments; the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted 
accounting principles promulgated by rule-setting bodies; the company’s ability to 
identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy 
industry; and the factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” on pages 20 
through 26 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent 
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Other unpredictable 
or unknown factors not discussed in this report could also have material adverse 
effects on forward-looking statements.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
59

equity emissions

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

73.4

72.7

71.4

71.3

71.0

Portfolio carbon intensity  
(grams CO₂e/megajoule) 1

Upstream carbon intensity 2

Oil intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe)

Gas intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe)

Methane intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe)

Flaring intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe)

37.0

34.7

2.8

6.3

33.3

30.4

2.4

4.7

28.2

26.8

2.0

3.8

Refining carbon intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 3

34.9

35.9

38.6

Enabled reductions (million tonnes CO₂e) 4

6

5

5

CCE4: C4

CCE4: C4

CCE4: C4

CCE4:  
C1/A1

25.2

27.5

1.9

3.5

37.0

18

53

28.6

28.6

2.1

4.3

37.9

17

57

23

20

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) 5, 6, 7, 8

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) – all GHGs 
(million tonnes CO₂e)

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 9

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Upstream flaring (subset of Scope 1) –  
all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

66

28

25

62

27

24

54

23

21

18 EM-EP-110a.1

CCE4: C3

16

0.10

0.10

0.08

0.08

0.07

2.5

0.1

5

5

0.02

0.5

2.4

0.1

5

4

0.01

0.4

2.1

0.1

4

3

0.01

0.3

2.1

0.1

4

4

0.01

0.3

1.8

0.1

3 EM-EP-110a.2

CCE7: C4

3

0.01

0.2

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

Volume of flares (mmscf) 11

70,000

60,000

50,000

50,000

40,000

CCE7: A1

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) – all GHGs  
(million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1 EM-MD-110a.1 CCE4: C3

1

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

20

20

0.1

9

9

19

19

0.1

8

8

18

18

0.1

7

7

20

19

0.2

8

8

20 EM-RM-110a.1 CCE4: C3

19

0.2

9 EM-EP-110a.2

CCE4: C3

8

0.3

equity emissions table continues on page 61

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

0.5

0.3

0.2

0.3

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
60

equity emissions, cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) – all GHGs 
(million tonnes CO₂e), cont.

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13, 14

CO₂ (million tonnes)

5

5

5

5

4

4

4

4

4

4

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

CO₂ (million tonnes)

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

Emissions associated with exported electricity 
and steam – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 16

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 9

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13, 14

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

Indirect GHG emissions from imported energy  
(Scope 2) 5, 7, 8, 17

Indirect GHG emissions from imported energy 
(Scope 2) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 9

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

3

1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

2

1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

< 1

4

1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

4

1

< 1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

< 1

4

1

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 1

< 1

< 1

< 1

< 1

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13, 14

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

1

0

< 1

< 1

1

0

< 1

< 1

1

0

1

1

0

1

1

0

1

< 1

< 1

< 1

CCE4: C3

CCE4: C3

CCE4:  
C3/A6

CCE4:  
C2/C3

Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 3) 18

CCE4: A2

Category 11 use of sold products – production 
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Category 11 use of sold products – throughput 
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Category 11 use of sold products – sales  
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

396

412

412

408

391

380

382

372

389

391

628

639

583

611

668

Third-party verification 19

Assurance level

Assurance provider

Limited

Limited

Limited

Limited

Reasonable

ERM CVS ERM CVS ERM CVS

DNV

DNV

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
61

operated emissions

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) 5, 6, 7

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) – all GHGs 
(million tonnes CO₂e)

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Upstream flaring (subset of Scope 1) –  
all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million metric tons)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

68

35

32

63

34

31

56

30

28

57

29

26

53

CCE4:  
C1/A1

24 EM-EP-110a.1

CCE4: C3

22

0.14

0.12

0.11

0.11

0.09

3.5

0.1

9

8

0.03

0.8

3.0

0.1

8

7

0.02

0.6

2.7

0.1

6

5

0.02

0.4

2.7

0.1

7

6

0.02

0.5

2.3

0.1

4 EM-EP-110a.2

CCE7: C4

4

0.01

0.3

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

Volume of flares (mmscf) 11

130,000

100,000

90,000

100,000

60,000

CCE7: A1

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 10

CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 10

Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

CO₂ (million tonnes)

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13

CO₂ (million tonnes)

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1 EM-MD-110a.1 CCE4: C3

1

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.01

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

14 EM-RM-110a.1 CCE4: C3

14

0.2

12 EM-EP-110a.2

CCE4: C3

15

15

0.1

13

12

0.8

< 1

< 1

14

14

0.1

11

11

0.4

< 1

< 1

14

14

0.1

9

9

0.3

< 1

< 1

15

14

0.2

11

11

0.5

< 1

< 1

12

0.5

< 1

< 1

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

CO₂ (million tonnes)

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

< 0.1

CCE4: C3

CCE4: C3

 Indicates restatement of data.

operated emissions table continues on page 63

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
62

operated emissions, cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Emissions associated with exported electricity 
and steam (subset of Scope 1) – all GHGs 
(million tonnes CO₂e)  16

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

Indirect GHG emissions from imported energy  
(Scope 2) 5, 7, 17

Indirect GHG emissions from imported energy 
(Scope 2) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12

LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13

Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15

Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 3) 18

Category 11 use of sold products – production 
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

Category 11 use of sold products – throughput 
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)

GHG mitigation

Carbon capture, utilization and storage  
(CCUS) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 20

Renewable Energy Credits (RECs for indirect 
emissions) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 21

Offsets – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 22

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

2

1

< 1

1

0

< 1

< 1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

1

1

< 1

< 1

0

< 1

< 1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

< 1

1

1

< 1

< 1

0

< 1

< 1

1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

1

2

1

< 1

< 1

0

< 1

0

0

< 1

1

1

< 1

< 1

1

0

< 1

< 1

1

0

< 1

< 1

617

622

588

621

592

406

411

392

450

442

< 1

0

3

1

< 1

1

3

< 1

2

1

< 1

13

1

< 1

10

CCE4:  
C3/A6

CCE4:  
C2/C3

CCE4: A2

CCE3: A6

CCE3: A7

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
63

environmental performance

Energy efficiency

CCE6

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Total energy consumption, operated assets  
and nonoperated joint-venture refineries 
(trillion BTUs) 23

Total energy consumption, operated assets  
and nonoperated joint-venture refineries  
(million gigajoules) 23

Total energy consumption, operated assets 
(trillion BTUs) 23

Total energy consumption, operated assets 
(million gigajoules) 23

940

916

851

859

784

CCE6: C1

992

967

898

906

828

CCE6: C1

778

758

701

703

626

821

800

739

741

661

Manufacturing Energy Index (Refining) 24

85

85

88

88

92

Upstream Energy Intensity (thousand BTUs  
per barrel of oil-equivalent) 25

Pipeline Energy Intensity  
(BTUs per barrel of oil-equivalent-mile) 26

Shipping Energy Intensity  
(BTUs per metric ton-mile)

Non-Manufacturing Energy Index 27

Air quality 28

358

362

341

306

255

10

75

74

8

70

67

10

69

71

10

60

65

10

58

67

Total volatile organic compounds (VOCs) 
emitted (thousand metric tons) 29

115

102

81

91

63

Total sulfur oxides (SOX) emitted  
(thousand metric tons) 29

40

36

41

87

70

Total nitrogen oxides (NOX) emitted  
(thousand metric tons) 29

141

130

112

113

106

EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1 
EM-RM-120a.1

EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1 
EM-RM-120a.1

EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1 
EM-RM-120a.1

Water management 30

Water withdrawn 31 

Fresh water withdrawn (million cubic meters)

Upstream

Refining 32

Other 33

Nonfresh water withdrawn  
(million cubic meters)

Upstream

Refining 32

Other 33

71

31

37

3

39

21

16

2

70

33

34

3

45

27

17

1

63

28

33

2

34

17

17

< 1

67

27

37

2

33

15

17

1

63

26 EM-EP-140a.1

35 EM-RM-140a.1

3

33

14

18

1

CCE6: C1

CCE6: C1

CCE6: A4

CCE6: A2

CCE6: A2

CCE6: A2

CCE6: A3

ENV5

ENV5: C1

ENV5: C1

ENV5: C1

ENV1

ENV1: C1

ENV1: A4

 Indicates restatement of data.

environmental performance table continues on page 65

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
64

environmental performance, cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Water withdrawn,31 cont. 

Fresh water withdrawn intensity

Upstream (barrel of water per barrel of  
oil-equivalent) 34

Refining (barrel of water per barrel of  
oil-equivalent as feedstock) 35

0.12

0.14

0.11

0.10

0.11

ENV1: A2

0.55

0.53

0.57

0.56

0.56

ENV1: A2

Fresh water consumed (million cubic meters)

70

69

62

Fresh water withdrawn in regions with high or 
extremely high baseline water stress (%) 36, 37

Fresh water consumed in regions with high or 
extremely high baseline water stress (%) 36, 37

—

—

—

—

—

—

Wastewater 30, 38

Average oil concentration in discharges to 
surface water (parts per million)

Upstream

Refining 32

7

1

8

1

7

1

66

19

19

6

2

62 EM-EP-140a.1

ENV1: C2

24

25

EM-EP-140a.1 
EM-RM-140a.1

ENV1: C4

EM-EP-140a.1 
EM-RM-140a.1

ENV1: C4

ENV2

9 EM-EP-140a.2

ENV2: C1

2

ENV2: C2

Total amount of oil discharged to surface water 
(thousand metric tons)

Upstream

Refining 32

Accidental release prevention and response 39

Petroleum spills to land and water  
(volume in thousand barrels)

0.7

0.03

0.7

0.03

0.5

0.03

0.4

0.05

0.3 EM-EP-140a.2

ENV2: C1

0.05

ENV2: C2

ENV6

1.02

0.79

0.94

12.27

1.93

EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4

ENV6: C2

EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4

ENV6: A1

Total volume recovered

0.84

0.64

0.60

0.83

1.42

Petroleum spills to land and water  
(number of spills)

60

51

45

81

71

EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4

ENV6: C2

Waste 40

ENV7

Hazardous waste generated (million metric tons)

Hazardous waste disposed of (million metric tons)

Hazardous waste recycled, reused or recovered 
(million metric tons)

0.4

0.3

0.2

0.4

0.2

0.2

0.2

0.1

0.1

0.3

0.2

0.1

0.3 EM-RM-150a.1

ENV7: C3

0.2

ENV7: C3

0.1 EM-RM-150a.1

ENV7: C3

Fines and settlements 41

Number of environmental, health and safety 
fines paid and settlements entered into,  
equity basis

Cost of environmental, health and safety fines 
paid and settlements entered into, equity basis 
(millions of dollars)

 Indicates restatement of data.

64

104

45

57

58

$9.1

$16.1

$3.0

$3.6

$2.1

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
65

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics 42

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Total employees: women (%)

Total employees: ethnic minorities (%)

Caucasian

Women

Men

Asian

Women

Men

Latino

Women

Men

Black

Women

Men

Other ethnicities 43

Women

Men

Executives and senior managers: women (%)

Executives and senior managers:  
ethnic minorities (%)

Caucasian

Women

Men

Asian

Women

Men

Latino

Women

Men

Black

Women

Men

31

41

59

15

45

14

5

9

16

6

9

8

4

5

3

1

2

22

19

81

16

65

9

3

6

6

1

5

3

1

2

30

41

59

14

45

14

5

9

16

6

10

8

4

5

3

1

2

24

22

78

17

61

10

3

7

6

2

4

4

2

2

30

41

59

14

45

14

5

9

16

6

10

8

3

5

3

1

2

26

24

76

19

57

12

4

8

8

2

6

4

2

2

30

42

58

14

44

14

5

9

17

7

10

8

3

5

3

1

2

27

26

75

19

56

11

4

7

8

2

6

5

2

3

30

43

57

14

43

13

5

8

18

7

11

8

3

5

4

1

3

29

27

73

19

53

12

4

8

9

3

6

5

2

3

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics table continues on page 67

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
66

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Executives and senior managers:  
ethnic minorities (%), cont.

Other ethnicities 43

Women

Men

First- and mid-level managers: women (%)

First- and mid-level managers: ethnic minorities (%)

Caucasian

Women

Men

Asian

Women

Men

Latino

Women

Men

Black

Women

Men

Other ethnicities 43

Women

Men

Professionals: women (%)

Professionals: ethnic minorities (%)

Caucasian

Women

Men

Asian

Women

Men

Latino

Women

Men

1

0

1

30

33

67

16

50

12

5

8

12

6

7

7

3

4

1

1

1

33

36

64

18

46

16

7

9

11

4

7

1

0

1

31

34

66

16

50

12

5

7

12

6

7

8

3

4

2

1

1

33

38

62

18

45

16

7

9

12

4

8

1

0

0

30

35

65

16

50

12

5

7

14

6

8

7

3

4

2

1

1

34

39

61

18

43

17

7

10

12

4

8

1

0

1

31

36

64

15

49

12

5

7

14

7

7

7

3

4

2

1

1

33

39

61

18

43

17

7

10

13

5

8

1

0

1

30

35

65

16

49

12

5

7

14

6

8

7

3

4

3

1

2

33

39

61

18

43

16

7

10

13

5

8

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics table continues on page 68

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
67

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Professionals: ethnic minorities (%), cont.

Black

Women

Men

Other ethnicities 43

Women

Men

7

4

4

2

1

1

7

4

4

2

1

2

7

4

4

3

1

2

7

3

4

3

1

2

7

3

4

3

1

2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

global employee diversity 42

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Total employees

45,047

44,679

42,628

37,498

38,258

Women

Men

Gender data not available

U.S.

Women

Men

Gender data not available

Other Americas

Women

Men

Gender data not available

Africa

Women

Men

Gender data not available

Asia

Women

Men

Gender data not available

—

—

—

—

—

—

10,858

10,034

10,371

31,616

27,363

27,794

154

101

93

21,465

22,165

20,814

19,627

19,975

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

5,413

5,090

5,343

15,372

14,512

14,609

29

25

23

3,411

3,446

3,562

894

925

1,005

2,484

2,484

2,536

33

37

21

4,228

3,606

3,862

715

612

613

3,507

2,991

3,246

6

3

3

10,128

7,145

7,127

2,846

2,493

2,420

7,202

4,621

4,675

80

31

32

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

global employee diversity table continues on page 69

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
68

global employee diversity,42 cont.

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Australia

Women

Men

Gender data not available

Europe

Women

Men

Gender data not available

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

2,411

2,170

2,189

580

533

557

1,825

1,634

1,629

6

3

3

1,636

1,504

1,543

410

381

433

1,226

1,121

1,099

—

2

11

Service station employees

3,591

3,476

5,108

5,097

5,588

Women

Men

Gender data not available 

Union-represented U.S. employees (%)

Total employees – women (%)

Mid-level management – women (%)

Senior leadership – women (%)

Executive leadership – women (%)

—

—

—

11

25

19

19

16

—

—

—

2,521

2,170

2,121

2,125

1,732

1,675

462

1,195

1,792

11

25

20

19

15

12

25

22

20

16

12

27

23

21

17

12

27

24

22

17

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C2

SOC5: C3

SOC5: C3

SOC5: C3

Total goods and services spending  
(billions of dollars)

Total goods and services spending with U.S.-based 
businesses (billions of dollars)

Total goods and services spending with U.S.-based 
small businesses (billions of dollars)

Total goods and services spending with U.S.-based 
woman- and minority-owned businesses  
(billions of dollars)

supply chain 44 

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

$25.1

$27.1

$20.9

$18.1

$22.0

$11.6

$13.2

$11.0

$9.8

$13.2

SOC14: A1

$1.7

$1.7

$1.3

$1.1

$1.5

SOC14: A1

$0.7

$0.6

$0.4

$0.4

$0.5

SOC14: A1

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
69

workforce health and safety 45

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Total Recordable Incident Rate  
(incidents per 200,000 work-hours)

Workforce (excluding COVID-19)

0.13

0.15

0.13

0.20

0.21

Employees (excluding COVID-19)

0.07

0.13

0.11

0.17

0.18

Contractors (excluding COVID-19)

0.15

0.16

0.14

0.20

0.22

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

SHS3: C1

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

Workforce (including COVID-19)

Employees (including COVID-19)

Contractors (including COVID-19)

Lost-Time Incident Frequency (Days Away From  
Work incidents and fatalities per million work-hours)

Workforce (excluding COVID-19)

Employees (excluding COVID-19)

Contractors (excluding COVID-19)

Workforce (including COVID-19)

Employees (including COVID-19)

Contractors (including COVID-19)

Days Away From Work Rate  
(incidents per 200,000 work-hours)

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.08

0.07

0.08

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.10

0.17

0.08

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.37

0.42

0.35

0.13

0.13

0.13

1.27

1.66

1.11

0.44

0.42

0.44

0.16

0.27

0.12

0.81

1.05

0.73

0.36

0.39

0.35

0.16

0.23

0.13

0.79

1.16

0.67

Workforce (excluding COVID-19)

0.016

0.019

0.025

0.031

0.029

Employees (excluding COVID-19)

0.013

0.033

0.023

0.055

0.047

Contractors (excluding COVID-19)

0.017

0.014

0.026

0.023

0.023

SHS3: C1

SHS3: C1

Workforce (including COVID-19)

Employees (including COVID-19)

Contractors (including COVID-19)

Number of serious injuries 46

Workforce

Employees

Contractors

Number of work-related fatalities

Workforce

Employees

Contractors

N/A = not applicable

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.253

0.160

0.155

0.330

0.210

0.232

0.223

0.144

0.130

35

3

32

0

0

0

13

2

11

2

0

2

13

3

10

1

1

0

21

3

18

2

0

2

20

3

17

5

0

5

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

SHS3: C1

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

workforce health and safety table continues on page 71

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
70

workforce health and safety,45 cont.

Work-related fatal accident rate (work-related 
employee or contractor fatalities per 100 million  
work-hours)

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

SHS3: C1

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

SASB

Ipieca

Workforce

Employees

Contractors

Work-related fatal incident rate (work-related 
incidents with employee or contractor fatalities  
per 100 million work-hours)

Motor Vehicle Crash Rate (workforce vehicle  
incidents per million miles driven) 47

Number of Process Safety Tier 1 events  
(ANSI/API Recommended Practice 754 guidance) 48

Upstream

Downstream & Chemicals

Midstream

 Indicates restatement of data.

0.00

0.43

0.29

0.59

1.50

0.00

0.00

1.05

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.56

0.00

0.78

1.98

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

0.00

0.43

0.29

0.59

1.20

EM-EP-320a.1 
EM-RM-320a.1

SHS3: C1

0.02

0.02

0.02

0.03

0.04

16

9

6

1

15

10

4

1

15

7

7

1

34

19

10

5

22 EM-EP-540a.1

SHS6: C1

13

6

2

ESG qualitative metrics

Environment

Chevron resources

SASB

Ipieca

Greenhouse gas emissions 

Discuss the company’s GHG emissions strategy, 
performance and capital allocation related to 
addressing GHG emissions, including methane  
and flaring.

chevron.com/climatechangeresilience2021 
chevron.co/methanereport
chevron.com/lowercarbon

EM-EP-110a.3 
EM-MD-110a.2 
EM-RM-110a.2

CC1: C1 
CC1: C2 
CC1: C3 
CC1: C4 
CC2: C1 
CC2: C2 
CC2: C3 
CC5: C2 
CC7: C3

Biodiversity 

chevron.co/biodiversity

Description of environmental management policies 
and practices for active sites.

EM-EP-160a.1 
EM-MD-160a.1

Emergency preparedness 

Describe strategies and policies for preventing 
accidental releases of hydrocarbons and other 
materials to the environment.

chevron.co/OEMSoverview 
chevron.com/emergencypreparedness

ENV6: C1 
ENV6: C4

ESG qualitative metrics table continues on page 72

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
71

ESG qualitative metrics, cont.

Social

Safety and health 

Describe the company’s approach to health  
and safety for employees and contractors, 
transport safety, and systems to incorporate a 
culture of safety throughout the company.

Human rights 

Discussion of the company’s human rights 
policy, engagement processes, due diligence 
practices, remedy mechanisms and supplier 
communications, with respect to human rights, 
Indigenous rights and security.

Diversity and inclusion 

Describe policies, programs and procedures 
related to human capital management 
and to promoting diversity, inclusion and 
nondiscrimination.

Community relations 

Describe the company’s social investment 
strategies, programs, community and stakeholder 
grievance mechanisms, and policies for addressing 
nonretaliation and nondiscrimination when 
regarding grievances.

Chevron resources

SASB

Ipieca

chevron.com/OEMS 
chevron.co/OEMSoverview

EM-EP-320a.2 
EM-EP-540a.2 
EM-MD-540a.4 
EM-RM-320a.2

SHS1: C2 
SHS1: C3 
SHS4: A1

chevron.co/aboutourhumanrightspolicy
chevron.co/humanrights 
chevron.com/supplierletter

EM-EP-210a.3

chevron.co/diversityandinclusion 
chevron.co/proxystatement

SOC1: C1 
SOC1: C2 
SOC2: C1 
SOC3: C1

SOC5: C1

chevron.com/sustainability/social 
chevron.com/grievancemechanism

EM-EP-210b.1

SOC8: C1 
SOC12: C1 
SOC13: C1

Governance

Chevron resources

SASB

Ipieca

Governance strategy 

Discussion of the company’s purpose, governance 
policies, the Board of Directors’ oversight of ESG 
issues, and how ESG risks and opportunities are 
identified and assessed.

chevron.co/proxystatement 
chevron.com/annualreport 
chevron.com/thechevronway 
chevron.co/corporate-governance

GOV1: C1 
GOV1: C3 
GOV1: C5

Business conduct 

Description of the company’s Code of Conduct, 
values, principles, and anti-corruption and  
bribery policies for the company and its suppliers, 
and processes for reporting unethical or  
unlawful behavior.

Lobbying and political contributions 

Description of the company’s approach to 
advocacy and lobbying, political contributions 
reporting, and discussion of positions related  
to ESG issues.

chevron.co/code
chevron.co/suppliersbusinessconduct

EM-EP-510a.2

GOV3: C1 
GOV3: C3

chevron.co/lobbyingandtrade 
chevron.co/climatelobbyingreport2020

EM-EP-530a.1 
EM-RM-530a.1

GOV5: C1 
GOV5: C2

Cybersecurity 

chevron.co/cybersecurity

SHS7: C3

Description of the company’s approach to 
managing cybersecurity issues.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
72

notes to pages 58 through 71

  1  See Equations, Portfolio Carbon Intensity, pages 75–76.

  2  See Equations, Upstream Carbon Intensity, page 77.

  3  See Equations, Refining Carbon Intensity, page 78.

  4  See Equations, Enabled Reductions, page 78. Variability in Enabled 

Reductions may occur due to Chevron’s current practice of reporting  
offsets in the calendar year in which they were retired. See endnote 22  
for more information on offsets.

  5  Unless otherwise noted, Scope 1 and Scope 2 data collected as of 

February 9, 2023. Data include estimates.

  6  Scope 1 includes direct emissions. For reporting, Chevron may include 

indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the 
traditional Scope 1 definition such as GHG emissions from processes like 
drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third-
party custody transfer of the oil or gas product. Direct GHG emissions 
related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam exported 
or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions  
to align with Ipieca’s Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil & Gas  
Industry (2020). Chevron’s Scope 1 includes emissions of six Kyoto 
GHGs – carbon dioxide (CO₂), methane (CH₄), nitrous oxide (N₂O), sulfur 
hexafluoride, perfluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons, as well as nitrogen 
trifluoride (NF3).

  7  Calculation methods for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are based 
on the American Petroleum Institute’s Compendium of Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021) or, 
where relevant, local regulatory reporting methodologies.

  8  When a nonoperated joint venture (NOJV) provides consolidated emissions 
data, Chevron seeks to allocate its equity share of those emissions to the 
most representative scope and GHG based on best available knowledge of 
the NOJV’s operations.

  9  Consistent with our financial accounting, Venezuela NOJV emissions are  

not included for 2022 emissions reporting.

 10  We provide methane emissions data and intensity performance as a mass  

of methane as well as its conversion under the Intergovernmental Panel on  
Climate Change Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) 100-year global warming  
potential (GWP) to a CO₂e. Although we strive to provide consistent data  
from our operated and nonoperated assets, some nonoperated assets may  
provide their data only on a CO₂e basis. Given the common industry practice  
of using the AR4 100-year GWP, we have assumed that nonoperated assets 
that did not provide methane mass data use a 100-year GWP of 25. We 
continue to work with our joint-venture partners to provide information  
on a standardized basis to increase transparency.

  11  Where flaring emissions are calculated based on mass or reported in 

aggregate, volumes are not included.

 12  Downstream includes emissions from refineries, terminals, marketing and 
distribution, including renewable fuels. Chemical and base oil facilities 
located within refineries are included in refinery emissions.

 13  Chemicals includes emissions from stand-alone chemical, additive and 

lubricant facilities.

 14  Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (CPChem.com) LLC data received 

April 4, 2023.

 15  Other emissions include GHG emissions from Corporate Aviation, Chevron 

Environmental Management and Real Estate Company, energy management 
and power from Chevron Pipeline and Power, and the North American  
Data Center.

 16  Exported emissions are direct GHG emissions related to production of 

energy in the form of electricity or steam that are exported or sold to a 
third party. Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the 
form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included  
in the reported Scope 1 emissions for each segment.

 17  Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from imported electricity and steam. 
CO₂, CH₄ and N₂O are accounted for in Chevron’s Scope 2 emissions. 
Scope 2 emissions are accounted for using the market-based approach 
as described in the World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 
Guidance (2015), including calculating Scope 2 emissions net of contractual 
instruments such as renewable energy credits (RECs).

 18  Chevron calculates emissions from third-party use of sold products in 

alignment with methods in Category 11 of Ipieca’s Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions (2016). 
Emissions are based on aggregate production, throughput and sales 
numbers that include renewable fuels.

 19  For assurance statements, visit chevron.co/GHGassurance-library. Figures 

in assurance statements may vary from figures reported in each subsequent 
Corporate Sustainability Report due to restatements and assurance scope. 
2022 assurance excludes Renewable Energy Group, Inc. and Chevron 
Phillips Chemical Company, LLC data.

 20  Carbon capture, utilization and storage includes both CO₂ sold to third 

parties and CO₂ (and other gas) injected for carbon storage.

 21  RECs are credits generated from renewable electricity generation within the 
United States that are retired by Chevron. Reported Scope 2 emissions are 
net of contractual instruments such as RECs.

 22  Offsets are credits generated from the avoidance or reduction of GHG 

emissions or the removal of GHGs from the atmosphere that are retired by 
Chevron, excluding RECs. Includes offsets retired in compliance programs. 
For programs with multiyear compliance periods, offsets are reported in  
the calendar year they are retired.

 23  Total Energy Consumption includes energy generated from Chevron’s 

operations and imported energy. Exported energy is not subtracted  
from the total.

 24  Manufacturing Energy Index (MEI) (Refining) is an analysis of Chevron’s 

refining energy performance based on the Solomon Energy Intensity Index 
methodology. Chevron’s MEI includes the refining assets at Chevron’s 
operated and nonoperated joint-venture refineries. Energy Consumption 
from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

 25  2022 Upstream Energy Intensity reflects continued updates to Chevron’s 

calculation methodology.

 26  Pipeline Energy Intensity covers assets operated by Chevron Pipe Line 

Company.

 27  Chevron’s Non-Manufacturing Energy Index includes operations from 

Chevron’s chemicals and additives, products and services, and lubricants 
businesses. It reflects the energy required to produce Chevron’s products 
compared with the energy that would have been required to produce the 
same products in 1992 (the index’s base year). Energy Consumption from 
Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

 28  For compiling and reporting air emissions data, Chevron follows  

regulatory definitions of VOC. SOX emissions include SO₂ and SO3,  
reported as SO₂-equivalent. NOX emissions include NO and NO₂  
(reported as NO₂-equivalent) and exclude N₂O.

 29  Emissions decreased in 2022 relative to 2021 due to divestments, 

concession returns, operatorship transfers, and sour gas flaring reductions 
resulting from improved reliability and decreased well development.

 30  Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in water management 

or wastewater metrics.

 31  Fresh water withdrawn from the environment is defined per local legal 
definitions. If no local definition exists, fresh water is defined as water 
extracted, directly or indirectly, from surface water, groundwater or 
rainwater that has a total dissolved solids concentration of less than 
or equal to 2,000 mg/L. Fresh water withdrawn does not include 
effluent or recycled/reclaimed water from municipal or other industrial 
wastewater treatment systems, as this water is reported under nonfresh 
water withdrawn. Nonfresh water withdrawn could include: seawater; 
brackish groundwater or surface water; reclaimed wastewater from 
another municipal or industrial facility; desalinated water; or remediated 
groundwater used for industrial purposes. Produced water is excluded 
from fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed and nonfresh water 
withdrawn. Water quantities may be determined using direct measurement 
techniques or engineering estimation methods.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
73

 32  Refining includes data from refineries, including chemical and base oil 

 43  Ethnicities with representation of less than 2% (Native Hawaiian or Other 

facilities located within refineries.

Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Two or More Races).

 33  Other includes, but is not limited to, chemical and lubricant facilities, as well 

 44  Data collected for year 2022 on February 7, 2023. For year 2021, data 

collected as of February 7, 2022. For year 2020, data collected as of 
February 24, 2021. For year 2019, data collected as of January 23, 2020. For 
years 2017–2018, data collected as of February 20, 2019. Renewable Energy 
Group, Inc. data are not included in supply chain metrics.

 45  This section reflects Chevron data collected as of March 21, 2023. Health 
and safety performance rates include both injury- and illness-related 
incidents. Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in workforce 
health and safety metrics.

 46  Serious injuries are injuries that result in significant disfigurement or 

typically result in permanent or long-term impairment of an internal organ, 
body function or body part.

 47  Data include catastrophic and major incidents only, as defined in 

the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) Land 
Transportation Safety Report 365.

 48  Process Safety Tier 1 loss-of-primary-containment (LOPC) events are unplanned  
or uncontrolled releases resulting in consequences equivalent to those 
specified by the American National Standards Institute/American Petroleum  
Institute (ANSI/API) Recommended Practice (RP) 754 and IOGP Report 456:  
Process Safety Recommended Practice on Key Performance Indicators.

as Chevron Environmental Management and Real Estate Company.

 34  Chevron calculates fresh water withdrawn intensity for upstream using 

gross operated production.

 35  Chevron calculates fresh water withdrawn intensity for refining using  

total refinery inputs, which comprise all feeds into the refinery. This  
includes purchased crudes for crude units and third-party feeds for other 
processing units.

 36  Chevron reports fresh water withdrawn and consumed in water-stressed 
regions according to the World Resources Institute’s definition and 
categorization of “baseline water stress.” Baseline water stress measures 
the ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface and 
groundwater supplies. Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, 
irrigation and livestock consumptive and nonconsumptive uses. Available 
renewable water supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive 
water users and large dams on downstream water availability. Higher values 
indicate more competition among users.

  Chevron’s fresh water withdrawn and consumed in high and extremely high 
water stress areas excludes Chevron’s Fuels and Lubricants businesses and 
Chevron Environmental Management Company. Freshwater withdrawals 
for the Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental 
Management Company are minimal (1% of the total) compared with the 
overall use in the corporation. For purposes of this reporting, Chevron 
categorizes all of the water withdrawn and consumed by Chevron’s  
Mid-Continent business unit as being in a high-stress or extremely high-
stress region.

 37  Freshwater use in water-stressed areas increased in 2022 due to completion 

activity increases.

 38  Oil concentration is determined by the sampling of effluent streams, using 
methods required or recommended by regulatory agencies or authorities, 
where applicable. Chevron reports the total cumulative amount of oil 
discharged to surface water excluding spills, which are reported separately.

 39  Chevron reports petroleum spills to land and water to conform to the  

2020 Ipieca Reporting Guidance. Spills to land and water that are greater 
than or equal to one barrel are included. Spills to secondary containment, 
chemical spills and spills due to sabotage are excluded. Renewable Energy 
Group, Inc. data are not included in accidental release prevention and 
response metrics.

 40  To conform to 2015 and 2020 Ipieca Reporting Guidance, and where 
appropriate information and data exist, our hazardous waste numbers 
starting in 2015 exclude remediation waste generated; disposed of; and 
recycled, reused or recovered. Hazardous waste amounts are quantified 
using methods required or recommended by regulatory agencies or 
authorities, where applicable. In other instances, similar methods are 
used, including direct measurement onsite or at the point of shipping, 
engineering estimates and process knowledge. Chevron follows the 
regulatory definitions of hazardous waste applicable to the jurisdictions 
in which we operate, including de minimis specifications (below which 
hazardous waste quantities do not need to be reported). Renewable  
Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in waste metrics.

 41  The 2022 data are based on information received from government entities 
and recorded internally as of March 10, 2023. Renewable Energy Group, Inc. 
data are not included in fines and settlements metrics.

 42  Diversity percentages have been rounded to the nearest whole number. 
Data for each year are measured in December. We do not have sufficient 
information on gender identities other than men/women to meet data 
thresholds for reporting. Our most recently filed Federal Employer 
Information Report EEO-1 is available for download at chevron.com/eeo-1.  
EEO-1/EEOC counts differ slightly from those in the Global Employee 
Diversity table due to differences in methodologies. These data may not 
include a small number of employees from recent acquisitions.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
74

 
equations

portfolio carbon intensity
grams CO₂e/megajoule

 i [(GHG intensity)i * (Energy)i ] –   j(Net GHG removals)j
 (Energy)i

Where: (GHG intensity)i is the simplified value chain GHG intensity of marketed product i, (Net GHG removals)j  
is the net volume of GHG emissions stored, or offset, and (Energy)i is the energy of the marketed product i.

portfolio carbon intensity methodology note

Introduction: The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology is 
designed to facilitate carbon intensity accounting of a company’s 
portfolio. It uses a representative value chain that includes emissions 
associated with bringing products to market, including the Scope 3  
emissions from their use. The PCI methodology facilitates transpar-
ency in calculations and data with information taken from financial 
statements and emissions disclosures. This approach enables 
comparison of companies that may participate in different parts  
of the value chain and the use of real data. 

Intent: The PCI methodology provides a framework for transparent 
and consistent comparisons of the mix of energy products provided by  
a company, inclusive of elements of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. The 
methodology is broadly applicable to oil and gas companies involved 
in exploration and production, refining, or marketing activities.

PCI definition: Estimated energy-weighted average GHG emissions 
intensity from a simplified value chain from the production, refine-
ment, distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit 
of energy delivered.

Units: Grams of carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per 
megajoule of energy delivered (g CO2e/MJ) on a higher-heating-value 
basis to align with prior frameworks on gas value chain emissions  
and with heating values commonly used in commercial contracts.†

Scope: The PCI is calculated on an annual basis as the weighted-
average GHG intensity of energy delivered across gas, natural  
gas liquid (NGL), oil, biofuel, hydrogen and lower carbon power  
products. Carbon removals are deducted from total lifecycle  
emissions estimates.

†  Several prior product-intensity frameworks have used lower heating value for  
intensity calculations.

The following energy products (i) are included  
in the PCI methodology:

•  Gas: piped gas, LNG and third party-traded volumes 

•  Natural gas liquids: NGLs from upstream, refining and third party-

traded volumes

•  Oil: crude oil, refined products (gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, fuel oil and 

other petroleum products) and third party-traded volumes

•  Biofuels: ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel, sustainable aviation 

fuel and renewable natural gas

•  Hydrogen: gray hydrogen, blue hydrogen and green hydrogen that 

are externally marketed 

•  Lower carbon power: external sales of wind, solar and geo- 

thermal power 

The following removals ( j) are included in the  
PCI methodology calculation:

•  Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) removes CO2 

either directly from the atmosphere or from streams that would be 
released to the atmosphere. It does not include CO2 produced from 
naturally occurring reservoirs that is used for enhanced oil recovery.

•  High-integrity offsets include nature-based solutions.

For traditional hydrocarbon products (gas, NGL and oil), marketed 
volumes are based on the business segment (production, refined 
products or marketing) with the largest overall commodity volume, 
inclusive of all traded volumes.

Chemicals and other business lines that do not primarily supply 
energy products are excluded from this calculation.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
75

methodology and data sources 

Traditional hydrocarbon products: The intent of the frame work is  
to capture value chain emissions associated with the maximum 
hydrocarbon product volume for a company among its production, 
refining and marketing activities. For all products that a company 
produces or refines, the PCI methodology uses the company’s equity 
GHG emissions and corresponding GHG intensity. To estimate the 
emissions for marketed products that the company does not produce 
or refine, the PCI methodology uses industry-average segment 
factors from the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook. 
Hydrocarbon transporta tion emissions are estimated in the PCI using 
IEA World Energy Outlook estimates for transportation emissions 
from oil and gas. Emissions associated with end use of marketed 
products are based on industry-standard combustion factors and 
assume all sold energy products are combusted, although this is not  
the case (e.g., plastics and lubricants). The graphic below is a depic-
tion of the value chain approach for the refined-product value chain. 

Biofuels, hydrogen and lower carbon power: GHG emissions are 
calculated based on third-party lifecycle assessments and the energy 
provided by Chevron in the most recent year. Lifecycle assessment 
data sources include California Air Resources Board (CARB) Low 
Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities 
for similar feedstocks and pathways, a Hydrogen Council report 
on a lifecycle assessment for hydrogen pathways, and harmonized 
lifecycle assessments of electricity generation from the National 
Renewable Energy Laboratory and the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change Working Group 1.

Inputs are collected from financial disclosures and public  
GHG reporting, with the exception of the biofuels component.  
Biofuel volumes are based on purchase data for ethanol, renewable 
diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and biodiesel and production 
volumes for renewable natural gas in the United States, Hong  
Kong, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Australia. Volumes  
from international GS Caltex operations in South Korea are assumed 
to be zero. For 2016–2022, aggregate biofuel volumes used in  
the PCI calculation are 60,000, 61,000, 62,000, 68,000, 61,000, 
70,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil-equivalent per day, respectively. 
Biofuel carbon intensity values are based on CARB LCFS default 
pathway values. For 2016–2022, the weighted-average biofuel carbon 
intensity values used in the PCI calculation were 52, 52, 51, 50, 48, 
47 and 38 grams carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per 
megajoule, respectively.

CCUS: Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS represent 
the volume of emissions that would be permanently sequestered 
underground or utilized in other products with a deduction for supply  
chain emissions associated with capture, transport or storage.  
CCUS projects that reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions would reduce  
the production, refining or other sectoral intensity and would  
not be double-counted as removals; for example, CO₂ captured by  
an integrated CCS plant would already be accounted for in the 
facility’s Scope 1 emissions intensity. 

Offsets: Offsets that are retired by the company or on behalf of 
customers for use of product provided by the company are deducted 
from the total emissions in the metric. 

The model does not adjust for the energy efficiency gains associated 
with some applications of electricity and hydrogen relative to existing 
hydrocarbon infrastructure. For example, CARB estimates that 
energy provided as electricity to an electric vehicle is 3.4 times more 
efficient than energy provided by gasoline to an internal combustion 
engine. Model updates could be made in the future, if supported  
by the end use of electricity or hydrogen products. 

Improvements over time: Methodologies and emissions factors may 
be updated in future years to reflect additional information or data 
that become available. For example, updates may include updated 
industry averages, primary data from third-party producers/refiners 
and adjustments to energy efficiency assumptions, if warranted, 
based on the end-use applications for volumes of energy marketed  
by the company.

the graphic below depicts the PCI approach for the refined-product value chain 

activity  

% of total

production 

transportation  

refining  

transportation  

end use  

10%

< 1%

15%

< 1%

75%

company  
data

industry-  
average  
data

Percentages shown are based on data from IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, November 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
76

upstream carbon intensity
kilograms CO₂e/boe

upstream oil intensity

Direct emissions  
(Scope 1)

+

Indirect emissions associated  
with imported electricity  
and steam (Scope 2)

–

Emissions associated  
with exported electricity  
and steam

Net production of liquids

upstream gas intensity

Direct emissions  
(Scope 1)

+

Indirect emissions associated  
with imported electricity  
and steam (Scope 2)

–

Emissions associated  
with exported electricity  
and steam

Net production of gas (including LNG and GTL)

(

(

)

)

Allocated to liquids  
on a production  
basis (boe)

Allocated to gas  
on a production  
basis (boe)

upstream flaring intensity

Direct flaring emissions as CO₂e (Scope 1)

Net production of gas and liquids (including LNG and GTL)

upstream methane intensity

Direct methane emissions as CO₂e (Scope 1)

Net production of gas and liquids (including LNG and GTL)

Emissions reported are net (Scope 1 and 2). The emissions included in the metrics generally represent Chevron’s equity share of emissions from upstream, including LNG, which are emissions 
from operated and nonoperated joint-venture assets based on Chevron’s financial interest. For reporting, Chevron may include indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are 
outside of the traditional Scope 1 definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third-party custody transfer of 
the oil or gas product. For oil and gas production intensity metrics, production is aligned with net production values reported in the Chevron Corporation Supplement to the Annual Report, 
which represent the company’s equity share of total production after deducting both royalties paid to landowners and a government’s agreed-upon share of production under a Production 
Sharing Agreement. Chevron’s equity-share emissions include emissions associated with these excluded royalty barrels in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance. Also in accordance with the 
Ipieca Guidance, Chevron’s equity-share emissions do not include emissions associated with royalty payments received by the company. Allocation of emissions between oil and gas is based  
on the fraction of production represented by liquids or gas. Flaring and methane intensities use the total of liquids and gas production. Oil and gas production intensities use liquids production 
and natural gas production, respectively.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
77

refining carbon intensity
kilograms CO₂e/boe

(

Refinery direct  
GHG emissions  
(Scope 1) 

+

Refinery indirect GHG emissions 
associated with imported  
electricity and steam (Scope 2)

+

Third-party processing emissions 
associated with imported  
feedstocks* (a type of Scope 3) 

–

Emissions associated  
with exported electricity and  
steam (a type of Scope 3) 

)

Crude + Other feedstocks, including bio-based feedstocks 

The refining carbon intensity (RCI) metric provides a measure  
of GHG released during the transformation of raw materials into 
refined products. 

The RCI is throughput-based and includes GHG emissions from 
Chevron’s own refining operations and estimates of emissions 
associated with third-party processing of imported feedstocks  
such as hydrogen.*†

The metric is on an equity basis.

*  Emissions from third-party processing of imported feedstocks are estimated using infor mation 
including supplier data, industry segment averages and engineering estimates. Emissions 
included in the calculation represent refinery processing only and do not include terminals or 
chemical, additive, base oil and lubricant facilities not integrated into a refinery. Feedstocks 
include hydrogen and intermediate products that will be further refined or used in conversion 
units. Feedstocks do not include natural gas used as fuel or products intended solely for blend-
ing into finished products. Feedstocks are assessed on a net basis (imports minus exports). 

†  Emissions associated with the production of hydrogen can account for 25% of total refinery 

emissions, and more than half of the hydrogen used in U.S. refining is imported from a  
third party. (“Available and emerging technologies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions 
from the petroleum refinery industry,” US EPA Office of Air and Radiation 2010 and U.S.  
Energy Information Administration, EIA-820 Annual Refinery Report and EIA-810 Refinery  
and Blender Net Input). 

enabled reductions
million tonnes CO₂e/year

 i [(GHG intensityfossil fuel – GHG intensityi) * (Energy)i ] +   j(Net GHG removals)j

Where: (GHG Intensity)fossil fuel is the average intensity of displaced fossil fuel that is calculated in the PCI methodology,  
(GHG intensity)i is the simplified lifecycle GHG intensity of energy producti, (Energy)i is the energy of the marketed  
low-carbon producti (e.g., biofuels, hydrogen), and (Net GHG removals)j is the net volume of GHG emissions stored.

enabled emissions reductions methodology note

Enabled emissions reductions are the estimated avoided emissions 
relative to fossil fuel use primarily associated with biofuels, hydrogen, 
CCUS and offsets that the company has marketed in the most  
recent calendar year, regardless of whether the company retained 
rights to the emissions reduction attributes. 

Over time, new energy products may be added to the calcu lation, 
along with associated volume information. Avoided emissions 
associated with natural gas-fired power generation via co-generation  
or coal-fired power generation displacement are excluded from  
this calculation for purposes of simplicity. 

For biofuels and hydrogen products, the enabled emissions reductions 
are calculated based on the lifecycle GHG savings relative to the same  
amount of energy provided by diesel fuel. Where appropriate, energy 
efficiency factors are used to calculate the volumes of dis placed fossil 
fuels. More details on emissions factors and calculation assumptions 
are available in the PCI methodology note (see pages 75–76).

Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS and offsets repre-
sent the volume of emissions that would be sequestered or utilized  
in other products. GHG emissions associated with CCUS or offset  
value chains would be netted from the reductions associated with  
the activity. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
78

glossary

definition of selected energy terms

Barrels of oil-equivalent (boe)  A unit of measure to quantify 
crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the 
same basis. Natural gas volumes are converted to barrels on the 
basis of energy content. 

Carbon intensity  The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon 
dioxide-equivalent (CO₂e) per unit of measure.

Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS)  is the process 
of capturing carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a 
feedstock (utilization) or permanently storing them in geological 
formations deep underground (storage).

Gas-to-liquids (GTL)  A process that converts natural gas into 
high-quality liquid transportation fuels and other products.

Hydrogen  Chevron’s approach to hydrogen for new lower carbon 
businesses envisions the use of green, blue and gray hydrogen. 
Chevron believes the use of blue and green hydrogen as a fuel 
source can help reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions 
entering the atmosphere. While gray hydrogen is viewed as not 
directly supporting decarbonization of the energy sector, Chevron 
believes that early-use cases of gray hydrogen can provide 
key opportunities to de-risk technology, enable development 
of supporting infrastructure, including fueling stations, and 
contribute to learning.

Liquefied natural gas (LNG)  Natural gas that is liquefied 
under extremely cold temperatures to facilitate storage or 
transportation in specially designed vessels. 

Lower carbon energy  includes a variety of existing and emerging 
energy solutions and services, including traditional energy 
sources linked with renewables or abatement technologies or 
measures, carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and 
green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear. 

Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas   
includes oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon-based products  
that are produced and sold to customers with a carbon  
intensity below that of traditional oil, natural gas and 
hydrocarbon-based products.

Nature-based solutions,  according to the International Energy 
Agency (IEA), include afforestation and reforestation. These 
involve the repurposing of land use by growing forests where 
there was none before (afforestation) or reestablishing a forest 
where there was one in the past (reforestation). Other nature-
based solutions include restoration of coastal and marine habitats 
to ensure they continue to draw CO₂ from the air.

Net positive impact  Defined by Ipieca as a target for project 
outcomes in which the impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety 
of ecosystems and living things) caused by the project are 
outweighed by the actions taken to avoid and reduce such 
impacts, rehabilitate affected species/landscapes and offset  
any residual impacts.

Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2)  Chevron aspires 
to reach net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050. 
Accomplishing this aspiration depends on continuing progress  
on commercially viable technology, government policy,  
successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and 
nature-based projects, availability of cost-effective, verifiable 
offsets in the global market, and granting of necessary permits  
by governing authorities.

Portfolio carbon intensity (PCI)  represents the estimated 
energy weighted-average greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
from a simplified value chain from the production, refinement, 
distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit  
of energy delivered.

definition of selected units and terms

American Petroleum Institute (API)  Trade association 
representing all segments of the oil and gas industry in the  
United States.

International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) 
 Global forum of oil and gas producers.

Ipieca  Global not-for-profit oil and gas industry association  
for environmental and social issues.

mbd  Thousands of barrels per day.

mmbtu/d  Millions of British thermal units per day.

mmtpa  Millions of tonnes per annum.

mtpa  Thousands of tonnes per annum.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
79

about this report

This report contains forward-looking statements  
relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition 
plans that are based on management’s current expec-
tations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, 
chemicals and other energy-related industries. These 
statements are not guarantees of future conduct, policy 
or performance and are subject to certain risks, uncer-
tainties and other factors, many of which are beyond 
the company’s control, including government regulation 
and oil and gas prices. See Forward-Looking Statements 
Warning on page 59 of this report.

This report covers our owned and operated businesses 
unless otherwise noted on pages 58, 73–74. It does not 
address the performance or operations of our suppliers, 
contractors and partners unless otherwise noted. In 
the case of certain joint ventures for which Chevron 
is the operator, we exercise influence but not control. 
Thus, the governance, processes, management and 
strategy for those joint ventures are known to differ from 
those detailed in this report. All financial infor mation is 
presented in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.

Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including 
the development, implementation or continuation of 
any program, policy or initiative discussed or forecasted 
in this report, may differ materially in the future. As 
with any projections or estimates, actual results or 
numbers may vary. The performance data in this report, 
including data showing certain intensity reductions 
against a baseline year, are not guarantees of future 
performance nor intended to be a demonstration of 
linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives. 
See Forward-Looking Statements Warning on page 59 
of this report. Many of the standards and metrics used in 

preparing this report continue to evolve and are based 
on management assumptions believed to be reasonable 
at the time of preparation but should not be considered 
guarantees, and no representation or warranty is made 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the data. The 
statements of intention in this report speak only as of the 
date of this report. Chevron undertakes no obligation to 
update publicly any statements in this report. Standards 
of measurement and performance made in reference 
to our environmental, social, governance, and other 
sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, 
processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and 
are subject to change in the future, including due to the 
impact of future regulations.

This report contains information from third parties, 
such as the World Resources Institute and IEA. 
Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to 
the third-party information. Where necessary, Chevron 
received permission to cite third-party sources, but 
the information and data remain under the control 
and direction of the third parties. Where Chevron has 
used information, it has noted the source. This report 
contains terms used by Ipieca and SASB, as well as 
information about how the disclosures in this report 
align with the recommendations of Ipieca and SASB. 
In doing so, Chevron does not intend to endorse or 
adopt and is not endorsing or adopting these phrases or 
recommendations. In using these terms and referencing 
the recommendations, Chevron is not obligating itself 
to use the terms in the way defined by Ipieca and SASB, 
nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific 
recommendations or to provide any specific disclosure. 
Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to 
Ipieca or SASB’s use or definition of specific terms or 
recommendations. For purposes of this report, the 
concept of “material issues” generally refers to ESG 
reporting guidance such as Ipieca and SASB and does 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
80

This report contains trade names and trademarks  
of other companies. The use or display of other 
companies’ trade names or trademarks does not  
imply our endorsement or sponsorship of, or a 
relationship with, these companies.

If you have questions about this report, contact:

 Strategy and Sustainability 
Chevron Corporation 
6001 Bollinger Canyon Road, Building A 
San Ramon, CA 94583-2324 USA

Produced by Corporate Strategy and Sustainability,  
Chevron Corporation

Design Sequel Studio, New York, sequelstudio.com

Printing Lithographix, Inc., California, lithographix.com

Photo credits Cover and first spread: Albatross Aerial Photography, 
Ltd.; 12: Marc Marriott; 14: Jim Erickson; 7, 33: Steve Babuljak;  
47: Richard Schultz; 57: Zero6 Energy, Inc.; back cover: Steve Babujak 
and George Rosales 

not correspond to the concept of materiality used in 
the securities laws and disclosures required by the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). With 
respect to the term “material,” individual companies are 
best suited to determine which information is material 
under the long-standing U.S. Supreme Court definition 
of that term, and whether to disclose this information  
in SEC filings.

As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such 
terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “its,” 
“we” and “us” may refer to one or more of Chevron’s 
consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates or to all of them 
taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do 
not include “affiliates” of Chevron – i.e., those companies 
generally owned 50% or less. All of these terms are  
used for convenience only and are not intended as a 
precise description of any of the separate companies, 
each of which manages its own affairs. 

Further, as used in this report, the term “project” may 
describe new upstream development activity, including 
phases in a multi phase development, maintenance 
activities, certain existing assets, new investments  
in downstream and chemicals capacity, investment in  
emerging and lower carbon intensity activities and 
certain other activities. All of these terms are used for 
convenience only and are not intended as a precise 
description of the term “project” as it relates to any 
specific government law or regulation. In addition,  
for Chevron, “lower carbon energy” includes a variety 
of existing and emerging energy solutions and services, 
including traditional energy sources linked with 
renewables or abatement technologies or measures, 
carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and 
green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear. 

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report
81

 
There are many paths the future 
could take, but a few things are 
certain: the global demand for 
energy continues to grow; more  
affordable and reliable energy 
is needed; current energy forms 
are becoming cleaner; and new 
energy solutions are emerging.

learn more

chevron.com/sustainability

chevron.com/sustainability/
performance

Aligned with our Chevron Way value to  
protect people and the environment, we have 
printed this report on Forest Stewardship 
Council-certified paper made with recycled 
Post-Consumer waste.

Printed by Lithographix, Inc., whose  
rooftop solar panels are expected to offset  
the company’s energy demands by 30%.

Chevron Corporation
6001 Bollinger Canyon Road,  
San Ramon, CA 94583-2324 USA

www.chevron.com
© 2023 Chevron Corporation.  
All Rights Reserved. 
913-0386 (5-23) (300)

Over 140 years of industry leadership has given us a deep understanding of the need to stay focused on what matters most affordable, reliable, ever cleaner energy that enables human progress.

At Chevron, our strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.

We intend to provide lower carbon energy to meet demand today while building the energy system of tomorrow.

We’re getting results the right way and delivering the future of energy.

Photo: Leviathan natural gas platform, offshore Israel.

We’re investing to grow in the Eastern Mediterranean, offshore Israel and Egypt.

Natural gas production in the region is helping to reduce Israel’s greenhouse gas emissions and improve air quality.

In addition to supplying Israel, Chevron operated Tamar and Leviathan fields are exporting natural gas to neighboring Jordan and Egypt.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections.

Despite a year of geopolitical tumult and market disruption, Chevron has remained focused on our strategy, core values and commitments.

This includes our performance on environmental, social and gov ernance issues that are priorities to our company, employees, partners, communities and stakeholders.

We are proud to note that this report marks two decades of consistent, transparent reporting on our company’s efforts to protect the environment, empower our people and get results the right way.

The issues we are addressing include some of the most complex challenges facing our sector and society.

The people of Chevron approach these issues with passion and determination, believing our leadership is both a great responsibility and a profound source of pride.

Chevron’s 43,800 employees around the world are essential to shaping the actions we take and in achieving our goals.

We invest to develop their full potential by building strong leaders at every level, cultivating a culture of empowerment and inclusion, and shaping talented, global teams with the skills needed to succeed.

At the same time, we continue to focus on protect ing the health and safety of our people and the communities in which we operate.

The most important responsibility we have is to operate safely and reliably to ensure that everyone goes home safe every day.

Sadly, in 2022 we fell short, with five contractor fatalities and 20 serious injuries.

We are committed to learning from these incidents and improving our safety performance through focused work that is actively underway around the world.

Lowering the carbon intensity of our business begins with aiming to make our oil and natural gas production among the most efficient and responsibly produced in the world.

We’re pleased to report that since 2016 we have reduced our oil production Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity by nearly 40% and our methane intensity by more than 50%.

We’re actively working to end routine flaring by 2030, and we’re sharing what we’ve learned with others through the Global Methane Pledge and the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative’s Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions Initiative.

Meeting a growing world’s need for more energy and more low carbon options requires advancing and scaling promising technologies.

We are developing solutions for sectors with few viable alternatives for electrification, like aviation, shipping, heavy duty transportation and manufacturing, and intend to grow lower carbon businesses in renewable fuels carbon capture, utilization and storage hydrogen offsets and other emerging technologies.

Photo: Mike Wirth speaks with the Chevron workforce during global employee town hall.

At Chevron, we approach the world’s energy challenges with optimism and confidence.

Human ingenuity and the power of innovation can solve any challenge and overcome any obstacle.

We believe affordable energy to create prosperity, reliable energy for security and ever cleaner energy to protect the environment is essential to enabling human progress.

This report details our approach to delivering on these ambitions.

Thank you for your engagement, trust and partnership.

Renewable fuels, for example, offer the potential to reduce lifecycle emissions in heavy duty transportation.

Our 2022 acquisition of Renewable Energy Group makes us the second largest producer of biodiesel and renewable diesel in the United States.

We’re advancing renewable fuels production capacity toward our target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

We believe carbon capture, utilization and storage will be a critical technology in helping many industrial sectors mitigate their emissions.

We are funding projects to lower the cost of carbon capture, using our own assets to test new technologies, while investing to advance large, regional storage hubs along the Texas Gulf Coast and offshore Australia to store CO underground.

Chevron’s approach to responsible leadership extends beyond our efforts to respond to climate change and includes a variety of projects designed to protect habitats and benefit sensitive species.

Our efforts include responsible water use and a focus on biodiversity, especially in ecologically sensitive areas where we operate.

To minimize freshwater use in a high water stress area in Western Australia, we operate two onshore permanent seawater reverse osmosis desalination facilities.

In St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, we are working with Restore the Earth Foundation to plant approximately 3.7 million trees.

This nature based solution is expected to help restore up to 18,800 acres of cypress forest and swamp habi tats and benefit dependent plant and wildlife species.

Our Operational Excellence Management System helps us systematically realize our values and achieve our vision.

Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance structures and practices that help Chevron achieve business results the right way.

Various elements of strategy are discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well as at meetings of the Board’s Committees.

At least one Board meeting each year is dedicated to strategy.

To assess perfor m ance against the plan, the Board receives regular updates on progress and execution and provides oversight and direction throughout the year.

Meetings can also include updates from external subject matter experts on a range of issues pertinent to Chevron’s strategy.

Presentations at Board and Committee meetings and tours of our operations facilitate ongoing Director education.

Directors are encouraged and provided opportunities to talk directly to employees.

Highlights in 2022 included a Board visit to operations in Israel and a key supplier in Italy and Dr. Austin’s site visit to Southern California to learn about technology to detect and measure methane emissions.

For more information about our Board, visit chevron.co corporate governance.

A Chevron Director since 2008, Enrique Hernandez, Jr., chaired Chevron’s Management Compensation Committee before his latest appointment as Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) Chair.

Hernandez received his law degree from Harvard Law School, beginning his career as an attorney before leading Inter Con Security Systems’ growth into one of the largest security system providers worldwide.

From the COVID 19 pandemic to geopolitical events, we’ve overseen an evolving landscape of social, political, environmental, human rights and public policy issues.

These events remind us that economies need affordable energy to create prosperity and countries need reliable energy to enable progress.

Quite simply, energy security and national security are linked.

Against these myriad changes, the Committee continues to reflect The Chevron Way acting with integrity and operating with ethical standards to assist the Board in overseeing risks to Chevron’s business and activities.

In 2022, the Board received an external briefing on macroeconomic trends and geopolitical issues affecting the global energy markets and commodity price cycles.

Board members are also encouraged to visit Chevron operations around the globe to discuss matters specific to those locations.

In 2022, the Board visited our operations in Israel, where we engaged with stakeholders and employees on issues relevant to Chevron’s business in the Middle East.

These engagements, in addition to regular reports and briefings, inform the Board’s direction to management.

Chevron’s primary objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment.

We are building on our capabilities, assets and customers.

Chevron has long been committed to transparency and will continue to communicate progress on our performance through publications and reports like this Corporate Sustainability Report.

The PPSC assists the Board in identifying, evaluating and monitoring public policy trends and environ mental issues.

We review and make recommendations for Chevron’s strategies related to corporate responsibility and reputation management.

The work of the PPSC informs the full Board’s approach to these issues.

The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine created global supply and demand imbalances.

Our hearts are always with the people, families and communities directly impacted by conflict.

The events of the past year have defined the energy challenge: meeting the energy demands of today while building the lower carbon energy system of tomorrow.

Chevron’s leadership is ready to meet this challenge.

The Directors’ depth of expertise and broad range of experience across so many disciplines will continue to be invaluable in providing oversight and advice to address evolving business and geopolitical environments and further Chevron’s efforts to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.

Chevron actively engages with investors and other stakeholders on ESG issues, including our customers for whom we participate in numerous surveys as a supplier.

We engage external consultants to benchmark our prior year’s reporting and participate in peer sustainability report reviews.

Our ESG Rater performance is used to identify opportunities for potential disclosure enhancements.

These interactions and survey results help us learn what matters to our stakeholders and refine our thinking on which topics to include in each year’s report.

Members of the Enterprise Leadership Team and senior management, the Global Issues Committee and the Board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee have opportunities to provide input for our Corporate Sustainability Report.

With respect to the term material, individual companies are best suited to determine which information is material under the long standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term, and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.

We identified the content for our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report through monitoring of issues and trends, supplemented by engagements with stake holders throughout the year.

To gain insight into ESG issues and reporting trends, we engage with numerous third party groups, including: the World Business Council for Sustainable Develop ment, Business for Social Responsibility and Ipieca.

We also work with Datamaran, an ESG risk identification and monitoring software company that uses artificial intelligence to identify, prioritize and monitor ESG issues.

Their tool aggregates trends in ESG issues across a wide array of inputs, including: company financial filings and sustainability reports global regulations policy and framework proposals Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and online news.

Global Office of Ombuds Town halls Employee surveys employees.

Piloted an equity review committee to review employees’ concerns with promotion or job selection decisions.

Expanded access to well being resources Sponsored additional leadership development programs contractors.

Maintained supplier relationship and service quality programs.

Advanced our deployment of Contractor Operational Excellence Management.

Social impact strategy for people, communities engagement.

Community advisory panels Employee network volunteering environment and prosperity responsive to community engagement.

Membership in industry and trade associations Engagement with all levels of government governments policymakers customers investors.

Customer councils Customer Connection Center Industry trade conferences.

Annual Meeting of Stockholders Quarterly analyst calls Executive and management engagements Chevron Investor Day Director engagements.

Advocated for carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) and hydrogen policy enablement.

Advocated for sound energy market policy for stable supply and energy security.

Signed memoranda of understanding to help build an ecosystem for lower carbon technology.

Issued Methane Report disclosing our ongoing work to reduce methane intensity and improve methane emissions inventories.

Held first Chevron Exchange, providing retail investors a venue to engage with management nongovernmental organizations.

Influenced our positions on items ranging multistakeholder initiatives from CCUS to carbon pricing.

Through our membership in Ipieca, we worked with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) to create a Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Roadmap for the oil and gas sector.

The SDG Roadmap identifies how Ipieca, as an industry associa tion, and individual oil and gas companies can work toward a lower emissions future while contributing to a healthier and more prosperous world aligned with the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

The Roadmap identifies 10 priority SDGs where the oil and gas industry can have the biggest impact.

SDGs: 3, 7, 8, 9, 13, 16 innovation our contribution: Piloting technology that captures CO from our Kern River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California. operations our contribution: Made progress on upstream methane intensity target of 2.0 kg CO e boe by 2028. operations our contribution: Identified and priori tized a portfolio of GHG abatement opportunities to optimize carbon intensity reduction of our operations.

Photo on previous page: Worker on a platform located offshore Angola, where Chevron has been ramping up methane emissions reduction efforts.

In 2022, we conducted a drone cam paign to advance methane detection and measurement technologies.

For more, see environmental risk management, biodiversity and water.

Chevron 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report 13 governance and transparency our contribution: Collaborated with the Southeast Asia One Health University Net work (SEAOHUN).

SEAOHUN’s uni versities are working together to develop the next generation of health profes sionals with the right skills and mindset to respond to infectious disease threats.

The letter serves as a call to action for companies to benchmark with the Disability Equality Index and to advance disability inclusion for business.

For more, see health and safety management, people and culture, human rights and creating prosperity.

Photo: We work to protect biodiversity through our operating practices and innovative solutions.

Biosecurity monitoring devices offer automated surveillance of rodents and geckos on Barrow Island, Australia.

Many published outlooks conclude that fossil fuels will remain a significant part of an energy system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources of supply for many years to come.

As we have done for over 140 years, we will continue to evolve to help meet the energy demand that a growing world needs.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections.

Optimizing carbon reduction opportunities We seek to optimize carbon intensity reduction oppor tu nities for our assets and operations by leveraging our cross functional capabilities and using the MACC process.

This approach provides Chevron with a methodology to identify and prioritize a portfolio of GHG abatement opportunities across operations.

Utilizing this process, we identified over 120 reduction projects for development and plan to spend more than 350 million on these projects in 2023.

In 2022, we made progress on 90 projects and completed 13.

We expect to spend approximately 2 billion total on similar projects through 2028.

My role as a business analyst in strategy leverages both my experience in process optimization and passion for reducing the carbon intensity of our products.

As a MACC Champion for the El Segundo Refinery, I lead the collaborative efforts of a cross functional team.

The team is tasked with delivering projects from ideation to execution, prioritizing projects that return the largest reduction in carbon emissions for every dollar invested.

One of our team’s key successes was identified through a project lookback in 2022.

We updated the crude unit’s heat exchangers to improve waste heat utilization and reduce furnace firing.

The project targeted furnace inlet temperature improvements with the goal of decreasing energy use and GHG emissions while improving preheat exchanger run times for long term reliability.

It was the first large scale crude preheat deployment for our El Segundo plant.

Results confirmed that there was an emissions reduction of approximately 20,000 tonnes CO per year.

Upstream net zero 2050 aspiration In 2021, we announced our aspiration to achieve net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050.

Accomplish ing this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable technology government policy successful negotiations for carbon capture, utili zation and storage (CCUS), hydrogen and nature based projects availability of cost effective, verifiable offsets in the global market and granting of necessary permits by governing authorities.

Our MACC process is a disciplined and value driven approach to reduce the carbon intensity of our operations and assets by optimizing carbon reduction opportunities and integrating GHG reduction technologies across the enterprise.

Chevron’s ambition is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance.

We believe addressing methane emissions is a key part of being a responsible producer of oil, products and natural gas.

Reducing methane intensity To evolve facility designs, we’re reengineering process controls and systems to help remove, reduce or prevent methane venting as part of normal operations.

In 2022, we committed to designing, where possible, new upstream facilities without routine methane emissions.

We anticipate that our monitoring and detection program will provide additional insights to improve how our facilities are operated and maintained.

Improving detection to prevent methane emissions Since 2016, we have conducted 13 advanced detection technologies trials.

Find and fix campaigns in Argentina, the Denver Julesburg Basin, the Gulf of Mexico, the Permian Basin and Kazakhstan provided opportunities to test different methane emissions detection and measurement options.

Detection results were used to validate performance and inform repairs.

In 2022, Chevron contracted with GHGSat to monitor 22 onshore assets worldwide.

We believe advanced technologies can help drive overall reduction in methane intensity.

Chevron supports the effort to reduce global human made methane emissions by at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030.

Advancing methane measurement Chevron is taking actions to improve the quality and trans parency of our methane emissions disclosures.

As quantitative technologies become more widely available and protocols are developed to reconcile current inventories with actual measurements, we are working to incorporate field measurement into existing emission factor based inventories.

For example, we have joined GTI Energy’s Veritas, an initiative to develop measurement, reconciliation and assurance protocols, to help provide a widely accepted methodology for incorporating field informed methane quantification into emissions inventories.

Chevron’s 2022 Methane Report discusses our strategy, goals and action plan to prevent, detect and reduce methane emissions.

We believe the most effective approach to estimating the total emissions intensity associated with the activities of companies, like Chevron and their customers, should cover the full value chain inclusive of all emission types (Scope 1, 2 and 3).

For Chevron, Scope 3 emissions result principally from customers’ use of the products we sell and are the largest category of emissions associated with our activities.

Chevron expresses the emissions intensity per unit of energy.

Our portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology facilitates calculation transparency and replicability by using information from financial statements and emissions disclosures.

This approach enables validation of reporting and the comparison of carbon intensities of companies that may participate in different parts of the value chain.

The PCI metric encompasses upstream and downstream businesses, as well as growth of lower carbon business lines in renewable fuels carbon capture, utilization and storage hydrogen offsets and other emerging technologies.

A price on carbon through well designed policies, see page 54.

Transparently reporting Scope 3 emissions from the end use of our products (Category 11).

Assisting customers to achieve their lower carbon ambitions through our renewable products and by offering offset paired products.

A PCI calculator is available on our website for anyone to use and compare energy companies’ carbon intensities.

It has recently been updated to provide increased disclosures on the assumptions around energy and emissions factors and includes a list of frequently asked questions.

We continue to build momentum by actively pursuing opportunities around the globe that we believe will position us as a future leader in this space.

Renewable fuels can help reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity of transportation fuels while meeting the world’s growing energy needs.

Chevron intends to grow our renewable fuels production capacity to 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables, a joint venture between Bunge North America, Inc. and Chevron, is expected to help develop renewable fuel feedstocks by leveraging Bunge’s expertise in oilseed processing and farmer relationships and Chevron’s expertise in fuels manufacturing and marketing.

With the acquisition of Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG), in 2022, we increased renewable fuels production capacity toward our renewable fuels target.

By combining REG’s growing renewable fuels production and leading feedstock capabilities with Chevron’s large manufacturing, distribution and commercial marketing position, we are positioned to be a leader in the renewable fuels space.

We aim to grow production of renewable natural gas (RNG) to 40,000 mmbtu d by 2030.

In 2022, Chevron and California Bioenergy LLC announced a joint investment in their second holding company to produce and market dairy biomethane as an RNG transportation fuel in California.

Chevron also has a joint venture with Brightmark LLC to construct dairy biomethane projects to produce RNG in multiple states.

With our acquisition of Beyond6 in 2022 and its network of compressed natural gas (CNG) stations across the United States, we can market the RNG we produce or procure through a nationwide network of CNG locations.

Chevron continually evaluates opportunities to grow our hydrogen business line.

We believe we are well positioned to participate across the value chain to supply industrial, power and heavy duty transportation customers.

Leveraging existing strategic partnerships and building new ones will be the foundation to meet hydrogen demand growth.

An example is our ongoing collaboration with long standing liquefied natural gas (LNG) partner JERA.

We are working together to identify lower carbon solutions such as carbon capture and sequestration, liquid organic hydrogen carriers, and the production of lower carbon fuels.

In 2022, our technology ventures group announced an invest ment in Aurora Hydrogen.

Aurora is developing a hydrogen production technology that uses microwave energy without generating any CO emissions or consuming water.

Hydrogen production using Aurora’s technology has the potential to reduce global CO emissions.

Chevron is collaborating to develop a waste to hydrogen production facility in Richmond, California.

The facility is expected to use up to 99 wet tons of green and food waste per day and produce up to 2,400 tonnes of hydrogen per year.

The hydrogen is intended to supply transportation fuel markets in Northern California.

We’re building on decades of experience handling CO to become a full service carbon capture solution provider, enabled by foundational projects and working with partners across the value chain.

CCUS is the process of capturing CO emissions to use as a feedstock (utilization) or permanently store in geological formations deep underground (storage).

We see CCUS opportunities in two areas: reducing the carbon intensity of our existing assets and building a carbon capture business, primarily through hubs with third party emitters as partners and customers.

We plan to reduce the carbon intensity of our central California operations by installing post combustion carbon capture equipment to capture CO and store it thousands of feet underground.

This potential CCS project will begin at Chevron’s Kern River Eastridge cogeneration plant in Kern County, California.

In 2022, Chevron entered into the Bayou Bend joint venture with Talos Energy and Carbonvert.

Bayou Bend is a CCS project along the Texas Gulf Coast.

In early 2023, the project was expanded to cover nearly 140,000 acres of geological formation both onshore and offshore, which could provide storage for over 1 billion tonnes of CO .

The expansion helps position Bayou Bend to be a CO transportation and storage provider for industrial emitters in and around the Houston Ship Channel and the Beaumont Port Arthur area.

Implementing CCS at scale In Australia, we operate Gorgon, one of the world’s largest integrated CCS projects.

Since the system started up in mid 2019, almost 7 million tonnes of CO emissions have been injected as of 2022.

We expect to capture and store more than 100 million tonnes of CO over the life of the project.

In Canada, we have a 20% nonoperated working interest in the Quest CCS project, the world’s first commercial scale CCS project to tackle carbon emissions in the Canadian oil sands.

The Quest project safely captures and stores 1 million tonnes of CO per year, sequestering approximately 7 million tonnes of CO as of 2021.

Commercializing investments in technology Chevron has invested in multiple carbon capture technologies, including startup companies Svante and Carbon Clean, to help drive down costs and develop these technologies at scale.

In collaboration with Svante and the U.S. Department of Energy National Energy and Technology Laboratory, we are piloting technology that captures CO from our Kern River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California.

The carbon capture trial at our McKittrick facility, also in California, combines two technologies, Caterpillar’s CarbonPoint Solutions’ semi closed cycle CO concentration technology and Carbon Clean’s fully modular CycloneCC technology.

In 2022, we signed a joint agreement with Mitsui O.S.K.

Lines, Ltd. to study the feasibility of transporting liquefied CO from Singapore to permanent storage locations offshore Australia.

A consortium of Chevron, Air Liquide, Keppel Infrastructure and PetroChina International intends to evaluate and advance the development of large scale CCUS solutions and integrated infrastructure in Singapore.

Chevron Australia participates in joint ventures that have been granted an interest in three offshore GHG assessment permits.

These new permits have the potential to expand Chevron’s portfolio of CCS assets in the Asia Pacific region.

Technology and innovation Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) identifies, invests in and integrates externally developed technologies and new business solutions.

CTV targets innovation and transformational technology in areas like CCUS, hydrogen and emerging power, among others.

For example, Chevron Studio is a collaboration between CTV and the U.S. Department of Energy National Renewable Energy Laboratory.

Launched in 2022, the 10 million program links entrepreneurs with national labs and universities to scale up and commercialize innovative, early stage technologies that have the potential to enable a lower carbon future.

Chevron believes offsets, along with other lower carbon solutions, will be needed to achieve global net zero.

Offsets can be generated through avoidance, reduction and removal activities.

We believe that high integrity carbon offsets can help companies, like Chevron, and our customers achieve their respective lower carbon ambitions.

Chevron believes a large, transparent, verifiable and robust voluntary carbon market is key to the integrity of offsets.

As global demand grows, we expect to be a supplier of offsets and provide customers with offset paired products.

For example, in 2022, we safely delivered our first cargo of offset paired LNG.

We’re also planning to invest directly in scalable, nature based solutions.

In St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, we are working with Restore the Earth Foundation to plant approximately 3.7 million trees, primarily bald cypress.

Almost half a million trees have been planted for this carbon offset project, with more planting underway.

This nature based solution is expected to help restore up to 18,800 acres of cypress forest and swamp habitats and benefit dependent plant and wildlife species.

Chevron has a long history of fostering innovation through research and development, innovation ecosystems and university partnerships.

We are currently exploring oppor tunities to commercialize and scale the next generation of emerging technologies to grow our offering of lower carbon solutions.

In 2022, Chevron and Baseload Capital announced a joint venture to develop geothermal projects in the United States.

Leveraging our combined experience and technical strengths, we aim to advance scalable, novel geothermal technologies and tap into the Earth’s core heat, an important renewable power source.

Traditional oil and gas sector com petencies, including subsurface, wells, drilling and completions, are especially relevant in this effort.

The first project is in Weepah Hills, Nevada, where previous geothermal research and advanced exploration data already exist.

With the potential to provide reliable, baseload power, we believe geothermal energy will be a contributing element in the energy system of the future.

As one of the first companies to build commercial scale biodiesel plants in the United States, Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG) has been at the forefront of the evolving biofuels industry.

Established in Iowa in 1996, REG was acquired by Chevron in 2022.

The new organization, Chevron Renewable Energy Group (CREG), based in Ames, Iowa, will help us achieve our renewable fuels production capacity target of 100,000 barrels per day by 2030.

Balancing economic prosperity, energy security and environ mental protection is important to us.

We expect CREG to position us to create an ever stronger renewable fuels business that meets evolving customer needs.

CREG aims to leverage our feedstock aggregation capabilities and operational technology to help provide lower carbon solutions for hard to abate sectors, such as rail, marine and heavy duty transportation.

In pursuit of innovative and sustainable solutions, we have established vertical integration opportunities with regional partners.

The primary inputs for producing biodiesel and renewable diesel are fats, oils and greases.

We utilize a flexible sourcing strategy to manufacture products with lower lifecycle carbon emissions.

One of our priorities is supply chain compliance, which helps promote integrity in the business.

We screen potential feedstock partners, assessing factors such as environmental and human rights impacts, and expect suppliers to adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct.

We work to ensure that all feedstocks can be traced to the point of origin or aggregation.

Independent third party verification bodies validate our internal control processes for sustainability program compliance.

Our investment in CoverCress, Inc. (CCI) is an example of our pursuit of innovative feedstock solutions.

CCI is developing CoverCress, a winter oilseed cash crop that could be grown like a cover crop during the off season.

Besides having the potential to augment our supply of lower carbon feedstock, CoverCress offers the typical benefits of a cover crop, like mitigating soil erosion, improving soil health, and reducing water and nutrient movement.

In 2022, our Emden, Germany, biorefinery broke ground on a pretreatment system that will allow us to refine a broader variety of lower carbon intensity feedstocks to produce biodiesel.

In addition, the improvement and expansion project at our Geismar, Louisiana, renewable diesel facility continues.

Started in 2021, the expansion is intended to raise the biorefinery’s annual capacity from 95 million gallons to approximately 348 million gallons.

CREG is working to help rail companies meet their lower carbon ambitions.

Union Pacific continues to test the performance of our 80% renewable diesel, 20% biodiesel blend.

They also use 100% bio based diesel in locomotives at the Colton, California, rail yard.

In 2022, the Canadian National Railway Company commenced a two year test to evaluate how our biodiesel and renewable diesel perform, especially in cold weather conditions.

With Iowa State University, we are evaluating new lower carbon feedstocks for production of renewable diesel.

Chevron’s Environment strategy underscores our commitment to protect the environment.

By embedding this into enter prise business planning, we aim to enhance environmental performance across the globe.

The strategy promotes systematic consideration of business risks and environmental performance alongside external stakeholder expectations.

The Environment strategy shapes enterprisewide processes and procedures to influence environ mental metrics, workforce training, technology investments and external partnerships.

Manage waste generation and waste stream circularity.

For Chevron, getting results the right way is important throughout the life of a project from planning and construction through operation and decommissioning.

We employ long standing risk management processes to evaluate facility, activity and product related risks across the lifecycle of the business.

Our Environment Risk Management Process helps business units identify and evaluate their environmental risks alongside safety risks and asset integrity.

Risks and safeguards identified through the process are integrated into individual business unit risk profiles and inform the Environment strategy.

We continue to build environmental fluency and competency within our broad workforce and strengthen coordination between our technical center and businesses.

To promote data quality and consistency, our environmental experts offer biannual training on reporting data for air and energy and for waste and water.

In 2022, we trained environmental risk assessors and launched a digital tool to evaluate risks across the enterprise.

This information is used to inform long term vision and business planning for the Environment strategy.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

As an avid surfer, I value protecting the environment.

At Chevron, I work to apply environment risk manage ment practices that contribute to the safety of our daily operations and the success of new projects.

The Environment Risk Management Process is designed to be fit for purpose so that it can be applied to activities with a broad range of complexity, including large projects and ongoing operations.

Chevron recently proposed the Kern River Eastridge carbon capture and storage project in the Kern River field, where Chevron has been operating for over 100 years.

When assessing projects, our process seeks to strengthen our safeguards and apply lessons learned across Chevron.

We bring together a variety of technical and business function experts with a broad range of view points.

Identifying environmental risks, across an asset lifecycle, guides selection and implementation of safeguards that can protect people and the environment.

At Chevron, we aim to achieve results and enhance transparency by annually reporting environmental metrics and performance data.

In the 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report, we expanded reporting of freshwater metrics.

We shared data on fresh water withdrawn within water stressed areas as well as water intensity metrics for the upstream and refining sectors.

Throughout 2022, we have engaged upstream and refining operations to better understand environmental performance and develop insights into improvement opportunities.

We also continue to work to better understand non greenhouse gas air emissions and waste data.

Performance data may vary from year to year or across multiple years.

Variations may result from causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives.

The decreases identified below are primarily driven by expirations related to the Rokan concession in Indonesia and Erawan concession in Thailand, divestments, updates to calculation methodologies and flaring reductions.

It targets innovation along the full packaging value chain in categories such as lower carbon footprint feedstocks functional and smart materials design for reuse and recycle, collection, sorting, cleaning and recycling technologies digital and connected solutions and new business models.

To reduce waste and develop circularity opportunities, we seek to learn from industry peers and sustainability leaders.

Circularity opportunities include recycling, reusing or repurposing post use plastic.

We’re working to leverage partnerships to share best practices, drive innovation and develop industry standards.

In 2022, Chevron joined the Ipieca Circular Economy Task force, which aims to improve understanding of circularity in oil, gas and alternative energy industries.

We also joined the U.S. based National Lubricant Container Recycling Coalition, an industry led technical coalition focused on developing a national market sustaining program to drive the recovery and recycling of plastic packaging used to transport lubricants and related products for commercial and consumer use.

We are partnering on sustainability related initiatives through our joint venture companies, CPChem and GS Caltex.

Using KBR and Mura’s Hydro PRT (Hydrothermal Plastic Recycling Technology) process, GS Caltex is establishing a 50,000 ton year unit in South Korea to convert waste plastics into raw materials for conversion into new plastics.

Chevron Phillips Chemical Company (CPChem), a 50 50 joint venture between Chevron and Phillips 66, is a founding member of Cyclyx International, a consortium based feedstock management company with a mission to help increase the recycling rates of post use plastic from 10% to 90%.

In 2022, Cyclyx launched 10 to 90 Challenge, a consumer engagement effort to divert plastics from landfills and into the Cyclyx supply chain.

Cyclyx also signed an agreement to advance development of a plastic waste sorting and processing facility in Houston, Texas.

The facility aims to connect community recycling programs to new recycling technologies that have the potential to accept a wider variety of plastics.

Chevron targets innovation and transformational technology development through participation in external interdisciplinary, multi institution research programs designed to improve environmental performance.

As a member of Rice University’s Carbon Hub, a zero emissions research initiative, we are supporting research to explore the potential use of methane derived carbon for sequestration in soil.

Within NEWT, an engineering research center for nanotechnology water treatment also headquartered at Rice University, we are exploring efficient modular water treatment systems to facilitate access to clean water.

In 2022, Chevron Technology Ventures invested in a sustain able industrial innovation fund, by Emerald Technology Ventures, focused on sustainable packaging.

Biodiversity, or variation of living things from genetics to ecosystems, is essential to a healthy biosphere and human welfare.

The foods we eat, shelters we rely on and medicines we use are direct benefits of biodiversity.

We also benefit indirectly through natural functions such as pollination, climate regulation, water purification and nutrient cycling.

Chevron recognizes the importance of biodiversity and works with communities, universities, regulatory agencies, industry groups and conservation organizations to take action to help protect and enhance it.

We are creating a global geospatial database of our upstream onshore operations and have overlaid protected area data sets provided through the Proteus Partnership and the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool.

The combination allows us to screen operating sites and potential new projects against multiple biodiversity resources, such as the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Area Management Categories I IV, the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species and the World Database of Key Biodiversity Areas.

Screening of our 2022 portfolio identifies no upstream onshore operating sites in IUCN I IV areas, except for Barrow Island, Australia.

There, we have several decades of operating within an Australia designated Class A nature reserve (IUCN category Ia strict nature reserve).

Through the exclusion of invasive species on Barrow Island, our environmental stewardship has contributed to the conservation of rare and threatened species, such as the spectacled hare wallaby and golden bandicoot.

Our geospatial database helps us understand potential bio diversity impacts and benefits at the site level.

Screening is intended to strengthen risk assessments through our Environ ment Risk Management Process and quality decision making.

I grew up on a farm in Western Australia, which set me up well for a career in environmental rehabilitation.

With an interest in soils, nature and biodiversity, I gravitated toward studies in natural resource management, which led to my current position as a rehabilitation specialist for Chevron Australia.

I am currently focused on restoration and revegetation of 82.5 acres on Thevenard Island, Western Australia.

To help protect the area’s unique biodiversity, my team has been collecting and propagating 14 target species of indigenous seeds and cuttings from the island.

The island environment is predominantly coastal beach sand with low rainfall, so the chance for seeds to naturally germinate is compromised.

We spent time to understand the soil physics and chemistry of the rehabilitation area to identify a preferred planting method.

In a controlled nursery on the mainland, we give the vegetation a head start before transporting it back to the island for planting.

Fairy terns, a vulnerable bird species, are now roosting in the rehabilitation area.

It’s fantastic to see native species inhabiting the area and to know that I’m working on something for future generations.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

To protect biodiversity during planning stages, Chevron prioritizes preventive measures to avoid or reduce potential impacts.

Avoidance measures may include site selection, design and scheduling.

Reduction measures may include physical, operational and abatement controls.

Work plans eliminate routine activities on the beach during pupping season.

When work is unavoidable, we coordinate with the city and dedicate onsite wildlife monitors to reduce potential impacts to the seals.

Our personnel also undergo marine mammal training, specific to their responsibilities, to remain sensitive to the seals and the surrounding environment.

California harbor seal rookery protection In 2017, Chevron established the West Coast Decommission ing Program to complete the decommissioning of five oil plat forms and related facilities in federal waters off the central coast of California.

The Carpinteria Gas Plant pier provides shore based support to two of the platforms.

This pier is adjacent to an active harbor seal rookery.

Independent volunteers watch over the rookery year round, particularly during pupping season from December through May when the city of Carpinteria closes the beach to the public.

Working with the volunteers, we allow monitoring from an overlook on plant property.

Wherever possible, the West Coast Decommissioning team takes great care to avoid and reduce disturbances to the seals and their pups.

We are able to adjust pier lighting and reduce the public address system noise levels to reduce disturbances to the rookery.

Australia solar powered mobile lighting To reduce the potential effects of diesel powered mobile lighting towers on biodiversity, we began trials on four solar powered mobile lighting towers in 2020 at our Gorgon operations in Australia.

Solar powered lights remove or reduce many of the environmental impacts of diesel powered lights, such as noise, odors, vibration and carbon emissions.

The solar powered LED lights maintain wavelengths at 590 nanometers.

This is ideal for reducing impacts to turtle hatchlings and other nocturnal fauna, which tend to be less attracted to this wavelength.

Based on the success of the trials, Chevron has leased an additional 27 units, for use in Australia, and is evaluating wider use in our global efforts to monitor and prevent impacts to biodiversity.

Chevron may also implement remediative measures, such as restoration and offsets, that can help achieve a net positive impact on local biodiversity.

Restoration may include reestab lishment of habitat types, biodiversity or ecosystem services.

Offsets may include restoration offsets or averted loss offsets to compensate for biodiversity impacts.

New Mexico wetlands restoration Regulatory required remediation activities at the Questa Mine in New Mexico triggered the need to offset 2.74 acres of wetlands.

In consultation with stakeholders, Chevron elected to restore wet meadows and mountain fen, which is a high altitude peat forming wetland unique to the area.

Restoration in the Cabresto Creek watershed of New Mexico’s Sangre de Cristo Mountains began in 2019.

By 2021, we had restored approximately 6.7 acres of wetland habitat through the installation of corrective structures.

Site monitoring has confirmed a reduction in erosion and a rise in the water table.

Vegetation is responding to the hydrology improvements, and characteristic mountain fen and wet meadows plant species are returning.

Chevron is involved in a variety of projects designed to protect habitat and benefit sensitive species, which can help us achieve a net positive impact on biodiversity within certain regions.

Gnatcatcher habitat preservation For nearly a century, the West Coyote Hills property in Fullerton, California, operated as a 2,000 acre oil field until operations ceased in the early 1990s.

The property is one of the few large, contiguous tracts of natural lands south of the San Gabriel Mountains.

It is home to a variety of wildlife species and protected vegetation, including the California gnatcatcher, an endangered bird, and its habitat, the coastal sage scrub.

In 2021, we sold 24 acres to the city of Fullerton.

The sale allowed remediation of the site and a link to the Robert Ward Preserve, an area we had previously donated to the city.

Additionally, Chevron converted two miles of roads in the preserve to nature trails for public use.

Chevron is a member of the global not for profit oil and gas industry association, Ipieca.

We contribute technical expertise and participate in their Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services Work Group and task forces for Nature Positive, Nature Related Disclosure and Reporting and Nature Based Solutions.

In 2022, our technical experts supported the effort to update the Guide to Developing Biodiversity Action Plans and participated as one of Ipieca’s delegates in the 15th meeting of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 15) in Montreal, Canada.

Sociable lapwing conservation Our Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) joint venture continues to sponsor the Association for the Conservation of Biodiversity of Kazakhstan (ACBK) and their work on the Sociable Lapwing Conservation Project.

While this critically endangered migratory bird is not present in TCO’s operational area, it does breed in Kazakhstan.

This conservation project is an important biodiversity offset for TCO to achieve no net loss of terrestrial natural habitat.

In May 2022, the ACBK conservation team discovered the bird in locations where it had not been witnessed nesting for more than seven years.

The team was able to satellite tag, for the first time, an adult female bird in addition to 17 more birds.

ACBK will analyze migratory paths and identify where these individual birds spend their wintering time, which will support additional conservation programs, such as habitat protection.

We launched Chevron New Energies (CNE) to advance lower carbon solutions in our own businesses and to serve our customers’ lower carbon goals.

CNE is evaluating a variety of opportunities, including nature based solutions, which encompass actions that increase carbon sequestration through environmental conservation, restoration and improved land management practices.

We believe nature based solutions can potentially benefit biodiversity and communities while also helping us achieve our lower carbon ambitions.

Water is vital to our operations as we develop and supply energy to meet growing demand around the globe.

We aim to drive efficient and responsible water use, reuse, recycling and conservation.

Chevron recognizes that collaboration with the communities where we operate is fundamental to strengthening water stewardship.

Evaluate, implement and maintain safeguards designed to prevent or mitigate potential impacts to the environment, including water resources, and surrounding communities throughout the lifecycle of our assets.

Identify solutions to reduce water withdrawals for our operations, especially in high water stress areas.

Assess water treatment technology solutions to mitigate wastewater related impacts to the environment.

Measure the effectiveness of our management practices, drive accountability within our operations and communicate performance to stakeholders.

Build partnerships with stakeholders and participate in industry water resources initiatives to share best practices in water management and support the development of industry standards and related policy percentage of total fresh water withdrawn in stressed vs. non stressed areas in 2022.

We use the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool to map operated assets in water stressed areas.

In 2022, seven upstream facilities, one biorefinery, one oil refinery and one additives facility were located in areas of high or extremely high water stress, according to the WRI tool.

The OEMS Environment strategy seeks to protect the environment through responsible design, development, operations and asset retirement.

The Environment Risk Management Process is our systematic approach to identify, manage and assess environmental risks and safeguards.

To avoid using fresh water in a high water stress area, our business in Australia operates two onshore permanent sea water reverse osmosis desalination facilities with a combined maximum capacity of approximately 1.8 million cubic meters per year.

Throughout the commissioning and operation of these facilities, comprehensive effluent ecotoxicology analyses have been undertaken to reduce potential impact to the marine environment and protect biodiversity.

Our operations in Northeast Colorado conducted a pilot study on produced water recycling in late 2021, which led to the construction of a recycling facility catering to our shale and tight operations.

The facility started up in August 2022 and will run for slightly over two years, diverting almost all produced water flow for recycling and eventual reservoir reinjection.

The expected recycled volume is up to 17 million barrels throughout the facility’s lifetime, which translates to approximately a 12% reduction in freshwater volume usage.

Permian Basin operations continue to increase the use of recycled produced water to displace the use of fresh and nonfresh water for completions.

In 2022, 99% of water demands for well completions were met using brackish or recycled water.

By using nonfresh, brackish or recycled water, we help preserve fresh water in the Permian Basin, a drought prone area.

Aris Water Solutions provides produced water gathering and recycling services infrastructure in the Permian Basin.

Under our agreement with Aris Water Solutions, we will contribute to the development and piloting of an integrated system of technologies to treat produced water for potential reuse in applications outside of the oil field.

In 2003, I joined Chevron in my home country of Colombia and spent my first 14 years on multiple assign ments within the Latin America business unit and Chevron Technical Center.

Over the years, I gained fluency in environmental management topics, including risk based assessment of operations activities.

Now as a senior environmental engineer at Angola LNG (ALNG), my focus is to help local practitioners deploy OEMS processes, including the Environment Risk Management Process.

For example, we are using this risk based approach to help us prioritize critical actions to improve wastewater management.

Partnering with our waste and water team has been invaluable.

In 2019, the team guided us through an extended plantwide wastewater monitoring program to characterize risk and develop a risk profile.

During the COVID 19 pandemic, we developed a detailed water management plan for ALNG’s 2022 turnaround.

While working remotely, the technical experts in Houston collaborated with us to develop a day by day plan to successfully and safely manage water and process waste throughout the turnaround.

Processing crude with a higher nitrogen content is challenging because wastewater with higher nitrogen loads can be harder to reliably and consistently treat.

To better manage these issues and achieve required treatment levels, the Pascagoula Refinery implemented a series of improvements.

Improvements included upgrading the bioreactors with a new bioreactor inlet and aeration system in 2021.

This infrastructure upgrade enables the refinery to process nitrogen rich crude and enhance environmental safeguards by improving wastewater treatment performance.

In 2022, Chevron participated in the New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium.

Through this engagement, we helped to advance scientific research and technology solutions for the treatment and fit for purpose reuse of oil and gas produced water.

We were involved in conducting a demonstration of treatment technologies, formulating risk and toxicology approaches, and evaluating potential economic impacts related to the beneficial reuse of produced water.

We also provided input to guide the development of state policies and regulations.

At Chevron, we seek opportunities to advance our water management acumen through our partnership in research consortia and industry participation.

In 2022, we piloted the Wastewater Impact Assessment Tool developed by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development at four U.S. refineries.

We also hosted a series of training sessions to improve our understanding of water footprint methodologies at site and product levels.

Photo: As COVID 19 restrictions lifted, we recognized the value of a hybrid work model for greater flexibility while enabling us to continue to build our culture.

Regrettably, we had five contractor fatalities and recorded 20 serious injuries in 2022.

Fatalities and injuries have a profound impact on our families, communities and company.

Protecting the health and safety of all those who work on our behalf is a core value.

Chevron is committed to preventing serious incidents and fatalities.

Enabling safe work To prevent serious injuries and fatalities (SIFs), we focus on the planning and execution of high risk activities.

We identify and initiate action plans at both the local and enterprise levels to engage front line leaders and workers and enable safe work.

Cross functional teams work to implement and scale our SIF prevention efforts.

Lessons learned are shared throughout the company and applied in our daily practices.

We believe the application of these practices and the execution of the Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) are key to the continuous improvement of our safety performance.

Chevron participated in an IOGP Safety Committee task force to understand the mechanisms that lead to serious injuries, referred to by IOGP as fatality and permanent impairment.

In November 2022, the committee published definitions and concepts to support consistent reporting and measurement of actual and potential serious injuries.

We believe the benchmarking data will help the industry further understand injury incidents and promote continued safety performance improvements through the provision of both lagging and leading metrics.

Maintaining contractor safety Our Contractor Operational Excellence Management (COEM) process establishes clear accountabilities, promotes active partnership and provides a consistent approach to help prevent SIFs.

Best practices and early adopter experiences are shared through our COEM Community of Practice.

In addition, a complementary digital application, eCOEM, enables Operational Excellence (OE) diligence during each phase of the contracting lifecycle.

Collaborating for safety improvement Chevron partnered with other international energy companies and the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) to host Safety Collaboration Forum 2022, Projects and Wells.

The forum assembled strategic contractor partner companies with capital project and wells expertise.

Agenda items included leadership’s influence on safety performance, proactive learning and Start Work Checks as a verification tool for front line worker SIF prevention.

After the sessions, attendees discussed how they can drive changes within their organizations.

This forum set a foundation for safety collaboration and emphasized improvement and human performance principles as a key to industry risk resiliency.

Embracing human performance Human and organizational performance (HOP) principles and concepts help mitigate the risk of human errors.

They encourage the workforce to capture and share innovations and key lessons learned from the field to accelerate continuous improvement.

In November 2022, Saudi Arabian Chevron conducted a two day SIF awareness and prevention workshop with industry peers and contractor companies.

The workshop introduced HOP principles, such as a verification and validation program and coaching front line workers performing high risk work or potential high consequence work.

The OEMS Workforce Safety and Health and Process Safety, Reliability and Integrity expectations enable consistency and standardization across the company.

Everyone in the workforce contributes to our Operational Excellence culture and performance.

For risk based assessment and prioritization of nonoperated joint ventures (NOJV), Chevron utilizes an NOJV health, safety and environment (HSE) process.

The associated tools and guidance apply consistency in the assessment of partners’ HSE capabilities.

Where practical, Chevron seconds employees to NOJV operations to partner and share best practices.

Chevron influences partners to: (1) eliminate fatalities, serious injuries and illnesses (2) eliminate high consequence process safety incidents and operate with industry leading reliability and (3) assess and manage significant environmental and social risks.

Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC, an NOJV partnership between Chevron and Brightmark Fund Holdings LLC, captures biomethane from dairy operations and updates it to renewable natural gas (RNG) used for transportation fuel.

To influence safe and reliable operations, the Environmental, Health, Safety Security (EHSS) committee, which includes members from both companies, reviews EHSS strategies, programs, compliance and performance.

Together we work to mitigate potential risks through effective collaboration and best practice sharing.

Consistent execution in operations Conduct of Operations (COO) encompasses the standards and practices used to structure operational practices and operations management tasks.

Through COO, we can influence the performance of work activities in a deliberate way, reducing variation in outcomes to improve safe, reliable and consistent operational performance.

We harmonized existing practices into an enterprisewide business improve ment network (BIN) to reinforce strong COO, enable effective input on new standards development and promote sharing of best practices.

COO BIN membership comprises operations specialists and process safety experts from across Chevron business units and technical functions.

Real time air modeling Part of being a good neighbor is being ready to act should an incident occur in a community where we operate.

To maintain our vigilance, Chevron systematically tests technologies designed to keep the public and our workforce safe.

The El Segundo Refinery piloted Industrial Scientific Corporation’s SAFER One solution, a plume dispersion modeling software that uses live meteorological and gas detection readings to update plume projections in real time.

Incident managers can assess the immediate downwind impact from a point of release to make decisions and deploy resources that reduce potential risk to personnel and the surrounding community.

Chemical management through technology Chevron manages over 1,500 chemicals in product formu lations as part of our Operational Excellence Product Stewardship process.

In 2022, we created more than 70,000 safety data sheets in 39 languages.

Digital dashboards prioritize the chemicals based on concentration in the product, region of distribution and hazard classification.

This provides our business units with the information needed to analyze how and where potentially hazardous chemicals exist in the value chain.

It also allows our business partners to make informed decisions about the chemicals they use.

Our annual Enterprise Health Index collects anonymized employee health measurements over eight different dimensions, including individual health and well being.

Overall scores increased as we returned to office locations and adopted hybrid schedules after the height of the COVID 19 pandemic.

However, individual well being scores have decreased in the stress management and work life balance areas.

The Chevron Way has enabled me to deliver results aligned with my own values.

After growing up in Trinidad, I completed undergraduate studies in London and postgraduate studies in California before joining Chevron as an environmental professional.

In the 20 years since, I’ve worked in many different countries across Chevron’s global business, including Indonesia, Australia and Kazakhstan.

These experiences have given me the ability to understand risk identification and management with different asset types, geographical settings and cultures.

In my current role, I support Chevron’s business development efforts.

When pursuing a potential acqui sition opportunity, I bring together a cross functional team that will conduct due diligence and evaluation from an OE risk perspective.

Our approach assesses all OE aspects health, safety, environment, reliability, process safety and stakeholder issues.

Our objective is to identify the risks so that we can develop safeguards and manage them responsibly as part of the integration into our operations.

Acquisitions and investments can present new opportu nities and risks.

The OEMS provides a systematic process to manage risk to people and the environment across all stages of the asset lifecycle.

Promoting workforce well being Chevron recognizes that mental, emotional and physical health is paramount to workforce well being.

Our aim is to have resources proactively and readily available to the entire workforce and their family members prior to an individual experiencing an elevated emotional strain or a diagnosis of a mental or physical health condition.

The meQuilibrium (meQ) app has been expanded to include employees’ adult dependents and made available in more languages, making a stress management resource more accessible to our global workforce and their families.

Chevron received the 2023 Platinum Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health by Mental Health America.

The Bell Seal is a first of its kind workplace mental health certification that recognizes employers who strive to create mentally healthy workplaces for their employees.

Our mental health campaign strategy focused on setting boundaries at home and the workplace to establish balance and expectations that may mitigate stress and burnout.

In 2022, many of our employee networks organized mental, emotional and physical well being events and highlighted work life services.

Our Women’s Employee Network focused on burnout, and our XYZ Employee Network highlighted the importance of emotional and physical well being.

To help reduce employees’ anxiety about returning to office locations, the Chevron Health Medical team addressed stigma and other emotional well being factors through masking and vaccination messaging.

The team also continued to provide COVID 19 testing and contact tracing services.

The ergonomics team conducted workstation evaluations for both in office and at home workspaces to address physical discomfort and satisfy corporate standards.

Health equity can be described as the state when every person can attain full health potential without being disadvantaged because of social and other factors.

Chevron Health Medical considers health equity when assessing workforce health strategies and in supporting prevention, education and treatment that may benefit the communities where we operate.

We believe programs that are accessible, affordable, prevention focused, and culturally and globally relevant can go a long way toward addressing equity issues.

Wellness Ambassadors created within our employee networks encourage health equity by partnering with Health Medical to provide targeted health awareness programming that is culturally adapted.

Inclusion as a driver of well being was a focus of Black Employee Network (BEN) panel discussions.

BEN raised awareness of mental health issues among people of color and provided a space to discuss topics related to emotional and mental well being.

Responding to uncertainty experienced by employees returning to office locations, our Hispanic and Latin American employee network (Somos) hosted emotional well being sessions.

Sessions addressed cultivating healthy boundaries at work and home, embracing change and similar topics.

Chevron recognizes that there are opportunities to foster health equity through programs in the communities where we operate.

For example, we are a decades long sponsor of the California Prevention Education Project (CAL PEP), a program that assists marginalized and underserved populations in the Oakland East Bay area.

CAL PEP connects community members to lifesaving resources, including infectious disease testing, vaccination, and mental health and wellness support.

Mobile units provide hot showers and hygiene and triage services to those without access to basic resources.

In addition to continued funding from the company, Chevron volunteers assembled and delivered over 2,500 personal hygiene kits in 2022.

With a grant from Chevron, the international nonprofit organization PATH is supporting Nigeria’s decision making processes for the potential phased introduction of a malaria vaccine.

Introduction would be through the National Primary Health Care Development Agency and the Nigeria Federal Ministry of Health.

We believe equity focused interventions with partnerships that support health systems can significantly improve public health outcomes.

Nigeria’s evidence based vaccine adoption processes and the country’s proposed plans to introduce the malaria vaccine to reach children in greatest need reflect this priority of Chevron and PATH.

Combating infectious disease Southeast Asia One Health University Network (SEAOHUN) universities are working together to develop the next generation of health professionals with the right set of skills and mindset to respond to infectious disease threats.

We are collaborating with SEAOHUN on a program called Strengthening One Health Education in Southeast Asia.

This program aims to improve public health literacy in children and lays the foundation for effective public responses to future infectious disease threats.

The program provides opportunities for Chevron to engage with an extensive network of national, regional and international One Health stakeholders in the areas where we operate.

Our Chairman’s Inclusion Council provides employee network presidents with a direct line of communication to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and the Enterprise Leadership Team.

The council allows executives and network presidents to collaborate and discuss how employee networks can reinforce Chevron’s values of diversity and inclusion.

Chevron invests in its workforce and culture, with the objective of engaging employees to develop their full potential to deliver energy solutions and enable human progress.

A compelling employee experience supports the pursuit of meaningful careers.

We promote resources for good health, well being and work life balance.

Our focus is on strengthening the attraction of future employees and retention and upskilling of our current employees.

We promote a culture of feedback within the workforce and develop leaders to sustain and strengthen our culture for the future.

Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well being and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and strategies.

Chevron regularly conducts employee surveys to assess the health of the company culture.

Our survey frequency enables us to better understand employee sentiment through out the year and gain insights into employee well being.

At Chevron, employee networks are voluntary groups of employees that come together based on shared identity or interests.

These networks seek to foster an inclusive and supportive work environment for all employees.

As employees’ needs change, we evolve to meet those changing needs.

In 2022, our Boomers Employee Network became the Stages Employee Network, recognizing the need to shift from a generation based network to one that spans the stages of an employee’s career.

In support of Chevron’s long term employment model, the network is dedicated to sharing knowledge and experience among employees as they transition through their careers and lives.

Chevron established an Equity Review Committee to review employee concerns with promotion or selections.

The committee, which includes external experts, will offer external perspectives on whether our promotion and selection processes are yielding equitable results.

I’ve been fortunate to have opportunities for global collaboration and leadership at Chevron since 2001, both in Pricing and through volunteering with Somos.

Somos is Chevron’s Latin American and Hispanic employee network.

As their Integration Officer, I’ve focused on driving communication and professional development among chapters since 2019.

Somos aims to help Chevron employees access equal career development opportunities.

To support this goal, in 2022 we piloted an early career mentoring program in Argentina, where motivated Chevron leaders and employees were matched to develop their organizational capability and build relationships.

Participants praised the program, commenting on the immediate value this mentorship provided for their current roles and near term career planning.

Our work with the Hispanic Outreach and Language Assimilation (HOLA) initiative, in collaboration with Chevron’s social investment efforts, supports community outreach and volunteering in the Hispanic communities where we operate.

One area we’re passionate about promoting is science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).

Somos members in Central America have volunteered with a nongovernmental organization to implement STEM programs.

In September 2022, we held our Global Somos employee network conference, which brought together Somos network leaders from across our business to meet in person and build leadership skills.

Within Somos we apply a Familia or one team approach to our work.

We believe collaboration across the enterprise helps us to achieve our full potential.

Chevron pursues the talent of underrepresented groups, including women and minority groups, through programs and partnerships.

This includes developing strong relationships with universities and diversity associations.

Our approach begins with our refreshed external careers website, including 21 country pages to highlight our diversity and inclusion efforts and attract multigenerational talent around the globe.

Our intern program serves Chevron’s early career talent pipeline.

In 2022, the internship program was hybrid, providing virtual and in person work opportunities.

Looking beyond traditional talent sourcing channels, such as specific schools and universities, we’ve collaborated regionally with Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.

This expansion allows us to attract underrepresented candidates from historically African American organizations.

Through these efforts we hired our first Corporate Compliance Law Function intern, who after their summer internship experience was offered and accepted a full time position.

Chevron’s University Partnerships team hosted Getting to Know Chevron virtual sessions for our partners from histor ically Black colleges and universities.

Over 2,200 students demonstrated interest in Chevron, and 215 attended sessions on energy transition, technology and Chevron’s Horizons early career development program.

In 2020, Chevron made a 15 million pledge to support the Black community in the United States to address barriers to equity.

Two years later, we continue our efforts to address racial barriers through community partnerships, education, job creation, and talent and leadership development.

Diversifying talent sourcing We continued our collaboration with the American Petroleum Institute (API) and Opportunity Work to focus on skills based hiring to broaden our reach and diversify our talent pipeline.

Launched in 2022, the API SkillsReady job readiness program is designed to attract and train entry level candidates and close industry skills and diversity gaps.

Graduates receive an API Certificate endorsing their knowledge of industry operations.

Our partnership with Opportunity Work also helps us identify and source people they refer to as STARs (Skilled Through Alternative Routes).

Rather than a bachelor’s degree, STARs obtain training through nontraditional paths such as community colleges, workforce training, certifications, military service or on the job learning.

Investing with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund As part of our racial equity strategy, we support the Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF).

Innovation Summit, which featured a two and a half day case competition that covered design thinking, business modeling and pitch instruction.

Winners received scholarships and met with Chevron executives and senior leaders.

For 2022 2023, one full time offer and three intern offers have been extended to summit participants.

Chevron Technology Ventures hosted panel sessions focused on careers and innovation in energy.

Chevron is working with TMCF on the National Black Talent.

BankTM program, designed for select students with technical degrees from historically Black colleges and universities and predominantly Black institutions.

Program participants complete technical training, upskilling and certifications that prepare them to enter the workforce in software and industrial engineering roles, including entry level roles with Chevron, post training.

Through external board appointments, Chevron contributes to diversity, equity and inclusion within our industry and the communities where we operate.

Our enterprise leaders serving on external boards in 2022 are listed here.

National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

Thurgood Marshall College Fund is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

United Negro College Fund is a U.S. based nonprofit organization.

Opportunity Work is a U.S. based nonprofit organi zation.

Advancing our supplier diversity In 2022, our Supplier Diversity Governance Board endorsed new strategies to increase spending with diverse businesses.

We aim to diversify our supply chain by expanding our investment in technology and industry partnerships.

We are long standing partners and leading supporters of nonprofit organizations that have helped thousands of diverse businesses grow.

Our work with the API supplier diversity task force seeks to increase minority owned business participation in our sector.

Industry focused training and development provides an opportunity to improve the supply of capable, high capacity providers and increase demand for diverse suppliers from member companies.

Chevron is a member of the Greater Houston Partnership and its One Houston Together buyer’s cohort, dedicated to advancing racial equity and increasing spending on minority business enterprises.

Our Chief Procurement Officer (CPO), Steve Freeman, participates in the cohort’s supplier diversity workstream, CPO Convening, aimed at expanding collaboration and increasing minority business growth.

Racial equity audit In 2022, Chevron commissioned an external review of our racial equity and diversity and inclusion initiatives.

The resulting report recognizes our progress and offers recommendations for how we might continue to improve.

We believe in fostering leadership at every level, whether supervising a team or informally influencing peers.

Our development programs are designed to help people achieve their full potential, accelerate leadership capabilities, and cultivate a diverse and robust talent pipeline in an ever changing work environment.

Because Chevron believes in developing leaders at all levels, we introduced a new coaching program to reach deeper into the organization, including front line supervisors, managers and, more recently, individual contributors.

The BetterUp platform offers live, one on one coaching sessions and Coaching Circles with small groups of peers.

Since its launch in 2020, Chevron has provided coaching to over 2,900 supervisors, managers and individual contributors in 45 countries and 18 languages.

Chevron also offers multiple leadership development programs with a focus on self reflection, continuous learning and strategic networking.

Specifically for women, the Transformational Leadership for Multicultural Women Program addresses headwinds faced by multi cultural women in their leadership journeys.

The Global Women’s Leadership Development Program, now in its third year, promotes acceleration of women’s leadership development and experience.

Almost 100 women have participated in these two programs.

Through our four year agreement with The Executive Leadership Council (ELC), Chevron has sponsored leadership development training for over 135 Black employees, with more than 40 attending in 2022.

We’ve also partnered to develop the Chevron ELC Scholarship Program, a 675,000 multiyear investment where five rising sophomores in business or STEM majors receive 20,000 annually for three years.

One scholar from the 2021 group completed an IT internship in 2022 and accepted a second internship for 2023.

A second group of scholars was announced in October 2022.

To learn more, visit chevron.co diversityandinclusion.

We operationalize our commitment to respecting human rights by implementing processes, procedures and tools that enable us to identify and manage potential human rights impacts.

This includes guidance on conducting risk and impact assessments as well as engaging with suppliers, contractors and other business partners.

Within our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS), our Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Manage ment process continues to be the primary mechanism to put into action our respect for human rights in the communities where we operate.

Most Chevron business units undergo an OEMS audit every three to five years and conduct annual assurance activities.

Through our OEMS audit and assurance program, subject matter experts review the effectiveness of process and safeguard implementation.

Safeguards such as grievance mechanisms and plans for stakeholder engagement, issue management, emergency response and social investment are systematically reviewed alongside the other OEMS focus areas.

Where a business unit has a resettlement plan or engagement with Indigenous Peoples, these plans are also in scope for an audit.

The OEMS Stakeholders Focus Area and Security Focus Area expectations state the desired outcomes to manage associated risks, of which human rights is a subset.

The Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process identifies and manages social, political and reputational risks to the company and addresses potential business impacts.

Chevron aims to collaborate with Indigenous Peoples and their communities to build trusting and mutually beneficial relationships in a way that respects their history, culture and customs.

In 2022, we reviewed our Indigenous Peoples Guidance and reaffirmed its alignment with The Chevron Way vision and values, Chevron’s Human Rights Policy, and our OEMS.

For the past 16 years, I have supported the implemen tation of Chevron’s social investment model for Indigenous communities.

In my capacity as a Strategic Advisor, I coordinated Chevron’s initiative to promote maternal and child health among the Indigenous Wayuu people in the La Guajira region of Colombia.

I also oversaw a plan aimed at spurring greater accep tance of COVID 19 vaccination among the Wayuus.

We partnered with Texas Children’s Hospital and the Baylor College of Medicine International Pediatric AIDS Initiative to assess the Wayuus’ health needs and develop a public private partnership to treat maternal and child health.

The program included training for bilingual nursing assistants, arranging transportation for vaccination campaigns in scattered areas and obtaining adequate supplies of the vaccine.

Maternal and infant mortality in the region continues to decline, COVID 19 vaccination coverage in La Guajira has risen from 0.52% to 71% of the Wayuu population, and more professionals have been trained to administer the vaccine.

I am proud of my role in helping to establish trust among the Wayuus and supporting their medical needs.

Chevron’s Indigenous Peoples Guidance provides an approach for effective engagement and its incorporation into Chevron’s Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process and social investment plans.

The guidance allows fit for purpose approaches to manage local Indigenous groups’ concerns.

Following the Australian Human Rights Commission Respect Work Report and a Western Australia parliamentary inquiry into sexual harassment in the resources industry, there has been an increasing focus on inappropriate behaviors in Australia workplaces.

Against this background, Chevron Australia commissioned a voluntary review of behaviors in its workplaces.

Addressing the prevalence of any form of bullying, harassment and discrimination.

Improving the response to reports of inappropriate behaviors.

Chevron Australia has accepted the recommendations and appointed a project manager, reporting directly to the Managing Director, to oversee implementation.

Chevron Australia has also held business unit wide Stand Up for Respect events to discuss the importance of everyone contributing to a workplace free from bullying, harassment and discrimination.

In 2022, we published our Environmental Justice Principles.

Since then, a cross functional team has worked to advance our environmental justice approach.

The team seeks to understand emerging environmental justice policy and related issues.

In addition, the team offers tailored support to business units, which are assessing local context around environmental justice to engage with communities, lawmakers and regulators.

Subject matter experts from our legislative and regulatory affairs and health, safety and environment functions continue to participate and engage externally.

For example, they engage with API’s Environmental Justice Coordination Team and state and local trade associations.

Our efforts to support our neighboring communities demonstrate our continued focus on environmental health and social performance.

A group of employees has been trained to serve as qualified environmental and social facilitators.

Facilitators aim to look across environmental, social and community health parameters to assess cross cutting impacts, promoting conversations that help us better understand how social and environmental issues are interconnected.

Through the Foundation for Partnership Initiatives in the Niger Delta (PIND), Chevron is helping to reduce conflict, promote peace, create new jobs and livelihood opportunities, enable access to clean energy, and stimulate the local eco nomy.

PIND facilitates investments from government, donors and private companies to advance socioeconomic development in the region.

As of 2021, the initiative had 11,372 active peace actors working to reduce conflict and facilitated 10,562 full time jobs in the agro allied and renewable energy sectors.

Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) operations are in the Niger Delta region, home to multiple ethnic groups and known to be conflict affected.

In 2003, a violent interethnic conflict resulted in significant damage to company infra structure.

To move forward, CNL pursued a new approach to stakeholder engagement, leading to a global memorandum of understanding (GMoU).

Clusters of ethnically similar communities organize into regional development committees that govern how CNL funding is allocated for the socioeconomic development of the area.

The GMoU model is based on accountability, transpar ency and unity among communities and demonstrable positive impact.

Since its adoption in 2005, the model has been acknowledged globally for addressing community restiveness and peace building, and facilitating rapid, sustain able socioeconomic development.

Nigeria’s Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) of 2021 requires allocation of a percentage of operating expenditure to host communities’ development trusts.

A key objective of the Act is to enhance peaceful and harmonious coexistence between companies and host communities.

Leading up to and after enactment of the law, CNL broadly communicated our experiences working under the GMoU model.

CNL shared the model with industry peers and the government.

I have always believed that education is the fundamental way to enhance people’s lives to teach them to catch fish for themselves.

In today’s world, that equates to teaching young girls they can master science, technol ogy, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects that will help them compete for job opportunities.

My main role has involved coordinating with the Corporate Affairs team on the logistics in Egypt.

In Egypt, engineering has too often been seen as a males only profession.

Chevron introduced a Girls Make program to teach STEM to young girls.

This program is not only about educating and inspiring the girls who participate, it’s also about changing mindsets to see daughters as innovators.

Our Corporate Affairs team in Houston initiated the program, which our company in Egypt supports in collaboration with the Egyptian government.

The selective program generated high interest and reached more than 150,000 individuals on social media.

I’m excited by how this program can help give girls the confidence and skills to progress in this competitive field.

Providing disaster relief Chevron provides aid to communities where we operate when they are impacted by natural disasters.

When Bangladesh was affected by severe flooding in late spring 2022, our support of Bangladeshi communities included funds for food relief and water purification.

After Hurricane Ian in Florida, we donated to the Volunteer Florida Foundation, Team Rubicon, the American Red Cross and the Fuel Relief Fund to assist in immediate relief and recovery.

Chevron also matched employee donations to Hurricane Ian relief and provided grants to nonprofit organizations where employees have volunteered.

In addition to our enterprise social investment programs, Chevron Humankind is a way for U.S. based employees and retirees to support causes they care about.

Partnering for maternal and pediatric care We are proud of our collaboration with the United Nations Population Fund to reduce maternal and neonatal mortality in Equatorial Guinea.

Workers at 23 health facilities have received reproductive health training focused on reducing maternal mortality.

Conserving coastal wetlands Chevron has teamed with Ducks Unlimited to help preserve over 45,000 acres of wetlands in Louisiana.

Many of the projects entail the construction of marsh terraces that will encourage the growth of aquatic vegetation, the food chain foundation for ducks, shorebirds, fish and other coastal wildlife.

Our investment aims to fortify communities and protect the livelihoods of residents in South Louisiana.

Contributing to nature based solutions In 2022, we continued our partnership with Conservation Volunteers Australia in the Revive our Wetlands campaign, which seeks to protect and restore wetland environments through targeted conservation.

Our sponsorship through 2024 will also finance community volunteer and education events, such as local wetland and biodiversity restoration.

Supporting young engineers Chevron partners with and donates to the Heznek for Practical Engineers program to benefit underprivileged students in Israel.

Aiming to advance workforce diversity and inclusion, the program has had more than 1,500 student participants to date.

We also support a school for practical engineers, known as the Chevron Ruppin Center for Energy and Natural Gas.

The program emphasizes careers in oil and gas, which helps complement the work of Heznek.

Most of Ruppin’s graduates go on to work in Israel’s energy industry, which needs certified practical engineers.

Developing community spaces Building relationships in the communities where we operate is at the core of Chevron’s values.

Through Tengizchevroil, our joint venture in Kazakhstan, and Eurasia Foundation of Central Asia, we sponsor the Public Spaces program.

The program helps municipalities develop and construct shared spaces, such as playgrounds, sports grounds and recreation areas.

Over 275 residents have participated with local governments in project development and management training with the aim to increase local partnerships.

In 2022, 65 public space projects were implemented, directly and indirectly benefiting more than 21,000 residents.

Chevron is funding the Asia Venture Philanthropy Network (AVPN), which brings together companies, investors and foundations to foster innovation and strengthen the nonprofit, social investment ecosystem in Asia.

Our contributions to AVPN pooled funds include support for health care in vulnerable communities and gender equity in STEM education for girls and women.

Assisting local schools Chevron’s willingness to help took on sudden urgency in August 2022 when schools near our Richmond Refinery were vandalized.

Over the summer, six schools were significantly damaged and lost valuable teaching supplies.

Through our longtime DonorsChoose partnership, Chevron quickly provided supplies to teachers in the school district to begin repairs and progress teacher requested projects ahead of the new school year.

To learn more, visit chevron.co creatingprosperity.

Photo: Throughout our history, Chevron has been a place where trust and respect define our culture and where performance, truth and accountability guide the way.

Our Board of Directors oversees and guides Chevron’s business and affairs.

As part of its responsibility, the Board oversees risk management policies, practices and systems that are applied throughout the company.

Board members regularly consider critical risk topics as part of their oversight responsibility.

Annually, through Chevron’s Enterprise Risk Management process, they review financial, operational, market, political and other risks inherent in our business and oversee the safeguards and mitigations that are put in place.

The Board also oversees Chevron’s strategic and business planning process.

The Board has four standing Committees, all composed entirely of independent Directors: Audit Board Nominating and Governance Management Compensation and Public Policy and Sustainability.

Each Committee fulfills important responsibilities to assist the Board’s oversight of risks with the goal of building long term shareholder value.

The Board and its four Committees also oversee related climate and sustainability issues.

Coming from various industries and backgrounds, our Board members bring diverse skills, experience and expertise.

Their range of knowledge and experience spans operational, environmental, policy, regulatory and geographical arenas.

New members are added, as appropriate, to ensure Board refreshment.

For example, Cynthia CJ Warner, formerly president and CEO of Renewable Energy Group, Inc., joined the Board in 2022 and brings depth of experience across both the traditional and renewable energy sectors.

The Executive Committee comprises corporate officers and is chartered by the Board of Directors to carry out policies in managing the company’s business.

The Executive Committee has two subcommittees, the Enterprise Leadership Team and the Global Issues Committee, that specialize in various matters important to the company, including strategy and climate and sustainability issues.

Chevron Corporation has many subsidiaries throughout the world.

Managing them properly requires a strong team within corporate governance that is well versed in governance requirements and internal policies, as well as the subsidiaries’ processes and histories.

I’m one of three liaisons who each supports a different region where Chevron subsidiaries operate.

Countries within regions have their own rules and regulations, and it can be challenging to determine how governance should function in each jurisdiction.

My role involves ensuring the proper governance of the subsidiaries and advising and coordinating with key internal stakeholders, such as Tax, Finance, Law and other departments.

We must have knowledge of the governance regulations in every jurisdiction in which Chevron does business and be able to collaborate with stakeholders.

I also help to implement the governance integration, reorganization and corporate structure of companies we acquire, most recently Noble Energy, Inc. and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. I’ve learned the importance of involving stakeholders early in the integration process so that we can continue to improve our best practices in this area.

I am fortunate to have colleagues and mentors who share their knowledge to help protect the company and shareholder value.

Assists the Board in overseeing accounting and financial reporting processes, including: Internal controls over financial reporting Relationship with independent auditor Implementation and effectiveness of compliance programs.

Financial risk management Cybersecurity risks as they relate to financial risk exposures.

Sustainability and climate change risks as they relate to financial risk exposures.

Assists the Board in overseeing governance practices and processes, including: Board succession planning Board skills, experiences and qualifications.

Stockholder engagement program (in conjunction with PPSC).

Assists the Board in overseeing compensation programs and practices, including: Executive retention and diversity strategies and supporting processes.

Alignment of compensation with stockholders’ interests, including those related to sustainability and climate change risks and opportunities.

Assists the Board in overseeing policy issues and potential risks in areas such as: Environmental matters, including those related to sustainability and climate change.

Community relations Political contributions and lobbying.

Chevron’s global reputation Stockholder engagement program (in conjunction with BNGC).

Manages the composition, resource allocation and strategic direction of Chevron’s portfolio in the following areas: Operational Excellence Performance improvement Energy transition Enterprise Risk Management process Market and price forecasts.

Receives briefings on these topics from internal subject matter experts and consults with outside experts to discuss energy transition and climate change issues.

Oversees management of sustainability issues and practices, including: Energy transition Lobbying and trade association activity ESG reporting Revenue and tax transparency Human capital management Human rights.

Receives regular updates on these issues from internal subject matter experts in advance of quarterly meetings.

Additionally, events may be handled via ad hoc, cross functional Crisis Management and Issue Management teams, which report regularly to members of the ELT, and if appropriate, provide updates to the Board.

Jon M. Huntsman Jr. previously served on Chevron’s Board from January 2014 to September 2017 but resigned to serve as U.S.

For purposes of calculating tenure going forward, we include only his current term.

It includes actions taken by managers and employees alike.

We contribute to the communities where we work and live by creating jobs, developing and sourcing from local suppliers, and giving back in the form of social investment partnerships and programs.

We pay taxes (chevron.co taxes) in jurisdictions around the world and comply with all appli cable tax laws.

We support the public finances of host countries by paying what we owe, in full and on time.

Over the past decade, Chevron reported on our financial statements over 58 billion of income taxes and over 43 billion of non income taxes, such as property taxes, severance taxes and payroll taxes.

Developed from The Chevron Way principles, our Business Conduct and Ethics Code (chevron.co code) communicates expectations for ethical business conduct.

The Code reinforces our compliance commitment and the responsibility of each employee to ensure that Chevron’s activities adhere to legal and policy requirements everywhere we operate.

Chevron maintains internal accounting, administrative and operational controls to manage these standards of conduct and compliance.

We communicate the Code to our business partners through our contractual requirements and through ongoing engagement.

Chevron employees and contractors receive training on Chevron’s Business Conduct and Ethics Code every two years.

For 2022, the enterprisewide completion rate was 97%.

Our compliance program addresses detailed compliance requirements on many important subjects, including anti corruption, internal controls, international trade, anti boycott, Operational Excellence (OE), data privacy and competition law.

For each subject, senior level Chevron leaders provide risk based guidance on the company’s compliance requirements and training.

We take pride that our employees are constantly mindful of the company’s stringent compliance requirements.

And in that spirit, Corporate Compliance issues a quarterly award celebrating meaningful efforts to do business the right way.

The Chevron Hotline operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week and is available for anonymous reporting in multiple languages if someone suspects that anyone in Chevron or at our affiliates has violated any company policy or local laws or has information on any activity that could damage the company’s reputation.

Chevron does not tolerate any form of retaliation for reports made in good faith.

Lobbying is an important way for Chevron to participate in the political process.

In the United States, Chevron engages with executive and legislative branches of federal, state and local governments to provide perspective on energy issues affecting the nation and the world.

Chevron strives to maintain positive, constructive relationships with policymakers and their staffs.

In our engagements, we talk about the economy, regulations, energy security, foreign policy, research and energy development.

Chevron also works with trade associations to advocate for effective, responsible and nonpartisan standards, regulations and energy policies.

We’ve updated Chevron’s lobbying and trade association webpage (chevron.co lobbyingandtrade) to be responsive to stakeholders’ increasing interest in how we engage with policymakers.

The webpage outlines our political engagement strategies our governance, policies, processes and training our five year history of corporate political and Chevron Employees Political Action Committee (CEPAC) contributions, including oversight of these activities by Chevron’s Executive Committee, the Board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee, and the CEPAC Board and disclosure details.

The webpage also includes links to all Chevron external reports representing the jurisdictions where we lobby and comprehensive trade association membership lists and disclosure of information, including semiannual updates of membership in U.S. based organizations and lobbying expenditure ranges for each organization.

Chevron’s reputation, integrity and trustworthiness as a company are the main reasons I have continued my career here for 37 years.

I have held various roles within Chevron, from operations to marketing.

My background in cross functional collaboration and business optimization and my childhood passion for politics inspired me to pursue my current role as a senior analyst for the Political Compliance team.

Transparency and accountability are important aspects of corporate political activity.

My colleagues and I are responsible for responding to increasing stakeholder interest in how we engage with policy makers.

On our lobbying and trade association webpage, Chevron provides extensive disclosure of our processes, tools and systems, which is intended to promote integrity and reflect good governance.

A recent example of our increasing transparency is the biannual publication of the range of lobbying expenditures attributed to Chevron’s contributions to each U.S. based trade association.

For the first time, Chevron was designated as a Trendsetter the highest recognition within the 2022 CPA Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability.

The index benchmarks U.S. com panies in the S P 500 and Russell 1000 for their disclosure and oversight of political spending.

I am grateful to be part of the team responsible for that recognition and to be surrounded by colleagues and leaders who embody The Chevron Way values.

Chevron holds memberships in industry and other associations that provide expert perspectives on safety, business, technical and industry best practices and a broad range of issues.

While Chevron does not control, and may not always agree with, positions taken by trade associations of which we are a member, trade associations provide a unique venue to engage other companies and industry experts.

American Fuel Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) AFPM represents high tech American manufacturers and midstream companies that enable the production and delivery of nearly all U.S. gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, home heating oil, critical petrochemicals and other refined products.

American Petroleum Institute (API) API represents all segments of the oil and gas industry in the U.S.

Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) OGCI is a CEO led initiative that is aiming to accelerate the oil and gas industry’s response to climate change.

U.S. Chamber of Commerce (U.S. Chamber) The U.S. Chamber develops and imple ments policy on major issues affecting U.S. busi nesses of all sizes across many sectors of the economy.

Chevron engages with AFPM to encourage support of our climate principles and positions, such as an economywide carbon price and innovative breakthrough technologies.

Our past engagements with AFPM helped create a Carbon Steering Committee in 2020.

In addition, the engagements encouraged AFPM from historic opposition to carbon pricing to evaluating proposals on a case by case basis.

Chevron engages with API to support the development of climate policies that advance market based approaches and innovation to support the goals of the Paris Agreement.

API supports economywide carbon pricing, World Trade Organization compliant mechanisms to mitigate carbon leakage and well designed performance based methane regulations on new and existing sources.

API also supports policies and laws advancing research, development and deployment of critical early stage technologies, such as the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act related to clean hydrogen and carbon capture.

Chevron joined OGCI in 2018 and pledged 100 million to the 1 billion OGCI Climate Investments fund, which invests in technologies to reduce GHG emissions within the oil and gas value chain.

OGCI member companies support the aims of the Paris Agreement.

OGCI engages in policy supported activities and contributes to the conversation on climate change.

Chevron and other members reduced the group’s aggregate absolute upstream methane emissions by 40% and aggregate upstream carbon emissions (Scope 1) by 18% over the past five years.

We also work closely with OGCI members to promote the development of carbon capture, utilization and storage industrial hubs.

Chevron works with the U.S. Chamber to encourage support for market based approaches to climate policy, innovative breakthrough technologies and streamlined, efficient regulations.

For example, the U.S. Chamber has long advocated for policies and laws providing for greater federal support of technology and innovation, such as the 2021 U.S.

Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 U.S. Inflation Reduction Act.

Similarly, the U.S. Chamber’s long standing support for phasing down the use of hydrofluorocarbons, an especially potent greenhouse gas, helped secure bipartisan U.S. Senate ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol in 2022.

Complement and reinforce rather than hinder market efficiency.

Utilize a price on carbon as the primary policy tool.

Recognize and account for negative emissions technologies and offsets.

Support early stage pre commercial activity and research and development for breakthrough technologies oversight.

Chevron has both executive management and Board oversight of our lobbying and trade association activities.

Chevron’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of the Board is the Committee primarily responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing climate and lobbying policy and reporting, as well as Chevron’s response to stockholder concerns regarding such activities.

The Committee annually reviews the policies, procedures and expenditures related to the company’s political contributions and lobbying to assess the value of these activities and alignment with Chevron’s positions and interests, including those related to climate.

At the management level, oversight of climate policy and lobbying is done through the Global Issues Committee (GIC). Chevron’s Corporate Officer responsible for climate change issues is a member of the GIC and serves as the secretary of the PPSC, enabling efficient sharing of information and guidance.

A vulnerability is an exploitable weakness in a system or device.

At Chevron, we seek to preemptively remove vulnerabilities before they have a chance to become a threat.

We create automated threat intelligence feeds from security experts to increase vulnerability awareness, taking action to mitigate the highest risks.

Our cyber risk organization schedules weekly meetings with business units to raise vulnerability risk awareness and keep diverse cybersecurity skill sets connected across the enterprise.

Each day that goes by without patching a vulnerability leaves a system or device exposed and increases the risk of exploitation.

For mobile devices, we enforce iOS upgrades while protecting communication channels, tailoring mobile security to enable business with little impact.

We leverage market intelligence as well as internal and external expertise to monitor operating systems and third party software.

We complete security scanning of acquisitions, like Renewable Energy Group, Inc., before bringing them into our technology environment.

Our Business Continuity Planning Operational Excellence (OE) Process, a component of the enterprise OE Management System (OEMS), prepares Chevron to continue operations during an unplanned event or disruption, which aligns with our OE objective to prevent high consequence security and cybersecurity incidents.

To maintain continuity of critical business processes in the event a cybersecurity incident results in significant loss of IT systems, our Business Continuity Plans account for cyber conditions.

We work to identify critical business processes and dependent IT applications and document the processes for continuing operations without IT systems.

Cross functional teams conduct regular multidisciplinary exercises to test and continually improve our plans.

For example, in 2022, over 100 employees and senior leaders from varying disciplines and locations participated in an exercise to test and experience the impact of a large scale outage.

Cybersecurity guardrails are high level technology, secure by design rules built into digital solutions.

Their use at Chevron aligns with our imperative to Secure Our Digital Future.

In 2022, we began updating our cybersecurity guardrails by migrating from a highly customized in house technology environment to a more flexible cloud based solution, Modern Desktop.

It is largely an off the shelf software as a service solution that takes advantage of contemporary, standardized industry products with built in security.

This approach allows for better integrations, scalability within our organization, and collaboration with business partners and industry peers.

Data privacy is a set of rules that promotes the processing of personal data in a way that protects individuals’ rights and freedoms and that follows all applicable regulatory requirements.

The OEMS Security Focus Area expectations enable consistency and standardization across the enterprise.

Security Management seeks to proactively identify security risks, develop personnel and sustainable programs to mitigate those risks and continually evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts.

Sound privacy practices promote trust and integrity.

We promote privacy by design and by default, which reduces privacy risks in systems, technologies, applications and business processes.

Chevron aims to be a destination for top IT talent by providing superior career opportunities.

Our focus on cultivating IT talent includes recruitment and retention strategies that seek a diverse mix of employees by targeting experienced, university and intern talent.

We actively recruit from seven historically Black colleges and universities, nine Hispanic serving institutions, and several minority engineering and computer science organizations.

In 2022, we recruited from our Welcome Back Returnship.

Program, which supports and develops experienced professionals reentering the workforce following a career break.

Several offers for IT positions were extended and accepted.

Our Neurodiversity Hiring Program, an intern to hire program targeting neurodiverse talent, was expanded in 2022 and seeks to fill more than 11 IT positions across the United States, Buenos Aires and Manila.

Our Cyber Talent Management team has developed detailed training activities and career mapping to support recruitment and retention strategies.

Competency development activities help build top tier talent with the technical, professional and leadership skills required to meet enterprise business objectives.

Chevron supports the advancement of women into cybersecurity and cyber risk roles.

We encourage participation in communities like the Executive Women’s Forum (EWF), whose mission is to engage, develop and advance all women in the information security, IT risk management and privacy industries through education, leadership development and relationship building.

We believe the EWF’s cross company mentoring and lessons sharing can benefit Chevron’s members, who in turn can inspire and empower women in our workforce to achieve leadership positions in cybersecurity.

The big question my team confronts every day is, How do we best protect Chevron In Cybersecurity Forensics, our areas of involvement include investigations, e discovery, data recovery and divestitures.

To help speed up investigations and make us more cost efficient, we’re working on automation and conducting training to ensure our knowledge and capabilities are sharp and continually improving.

Being proactive also means staying abreast of the global trends and standards applied by the digital forensics and investigative community around the world.

That’s why I’m part of an external scientific working group that shares the best tools and practices for our community and a member of a multidisciplinary sensitive investigation group within Chevron.

As Chevron’s forensics operations lead, I draw on my prior experience specializing in cyber related criminal investigations and digital forensic examinations for the U.S. government.

I conduct investigations into cyber incidents to determine whether there could be an impact to Chevron.

A colleague and I started an internal video podcast originally to share our knowledge and experience within the Cybersecurity function.

Recently, one of our podcasts was published on Chevron Workplace, the company’s internal social media, to promote available career pathways.

I absolutely love what I do and encourage people to pursue a career in cybersecurity.

Our career development maps cultivate engaged and motivated IT employees and provide opportunities to grow professionally and personally throughout their career.

We are proud to note that three members of our Data Privacy team were selected as Fellows of Information Privacy by the International Association of Privacy Professionals.

This designation will help support employee mentorship and keep Chevron aligned with software industry protocols and standards.

A wind turbine at our renewable fuel facility reduced carbon electricity emissions by 94% between 2021 and 2022.

Chevron is working with peers, stakeholders and voluntary framework developers to foster increasingly consistent and comparable information for investors and other stakeholders.

We consider reporting guidelines, indicators and terminology in the frameworks of Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force for Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil Gas Industry (2020) by Ipieca, the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) and the American Petroleum Institute (API), as well as other reporting frame works, to determine which data to include in our tables. note that the references in the index columns are based solely on Chevron’s interpretation and judgment and do not indicate the application of definitions, metrics, measurements, standards or approaches set forth by third party groups, including the SASB and Ipieca frameworks.

The data tables within this section compile sustainability related metrics in alignment with several reporting standards.

The tables present our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and other operated basis metrics for environmental performance, employee and supplier diversity, and workforce health and safety.

Following the quantitative metrics are qualitative metrics and links to other Chevron reports.

To promote comparability, we map our reporting data to the relevant SASB and Ipieca frameworks to help provide information for investors and other stakeholders.

The table below tracks annual progress toward our 2028 GHG emissions intensity targets.

Unless otherwise noted, this section reflects 2022 data collected as of April 11, 2023.

All data are reported on an operated basis unless otherwise noted.

Data from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. are included in this section unless otherwise noted.

Operated GHG emissions, environmental performance, and workforce health and safety tables include data from Tengizchevroil LLP and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait (SAPZ).

Although Chevron has traditionally included Tengizchevroil LLP data as if operated in this report, Chevron does not own a controlling interest in, does not operate and does not have the authority to force implementation of Chevron management systems within Tengizchevroil LLP.

Tengizchevroil LLP is a separate legal entity operated under the direction of a partnership council that Chevron does not control.

Inclusion of SAPZ data within the operational data is a reflection of alignment to OE reporting and not reflective of the underlying legal structure or governance practices.

All restatements are restated against the May 2022 release of the Corporate Sustainability Report (2021).

Variations year on year or across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives.

Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

The accuracy of the information we report is important to us.

We conduct independent third party assurance for Chevron’s GHG emissions and the processes used to create the 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.

For our most recent ESG assurance statement, visit chevron.co ESGassurance.

In our 2022 reporting, we’re proud to announce that we have increased the assurance level for GHG emissions from limited to reasonable.

As of March 24, 2023, Chevron is the first oil and gas major to report achievement of reasonable assurance of its GHG emissions from both operated and nonoperated assets.

The scope of the assurance for 2022, the year for which this new reasonable assurance milestone was achieved, is on both an equity share and operational control basis, and excludes Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. For our most recent GHG assurance statements, visit chevron.co GHGassurance.

We have also obtained verification that our environmental and safety management system, Operational Excellence Manage ment System (OEMS), meets international standards and specifications and has obtained a Certificate of Approval for alignment with ISO 14001:2015 and 45001:2018.

For our most recent certificate, visit chevron.co oemsISOcertification.

We are continuing to progress our internal systems to further advance data quality and metric reporting.

Compared to BP, ConocoPhillips, Eni, ExxonMobil, Shell and TotalEnergies.

This report of Chevron Corporation contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition plans that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy related industries.

Words or phrases such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, targets, advances, commits, designs, drives, aims, forecasts, projects, believes, approaches, seeks, schedules, estimates, positions, pursues, progress, may, can, could, should, will, budgets, outlook, trends, guidance, focus, on track, goals, objectives, strategies, opportunities, poised, potential, ambitions, aspires and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward looking statements.

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control and are difficult to predict.

Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward looking statements.

The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report.

Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social, governance and other sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of future regulations.

Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural gas prices and demand for the company’s products, and production curtailments due to market conditions crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing countries technological advancements changes to government policies in the countries in which the company operates public health crises, such as pandemics (including coronavirus COVID 19 ) and epidemics, and any related government policies and actions disruptions in the company’s global supply chain, including supply chain constraints and escalation of the cost of goods and services changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which the company operates general domestic and international economic and political conditions, including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the global response to such conflict changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins actions of competitors or regulators timing of exploration expenses timing of crude oil liftings the competitiveness of alternate energy sources or product substitutes development of large carbon capture and offset markets the results of operations and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates, particularly during the COVID 19 pandemic the inability or failure of the company’s joint venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities the potential failure to achieve expected net production from existing and future crude oil and natural gas development projects potential delays in the development, construction or start up of planned projects the potential disruption or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human causes beyond the company’s control the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation significant operational, investment or product changes undertaken or required by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emissions the potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation the company’s future acquisitions or dispositions of assets or shares or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing conditions the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments government mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, taxes and tax audits, tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms, or restrictions on scope of company operations foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar higher inflation and related impacts material reductions in corporate liquidity and access to debt markets the receipt of required Board authorizations to implement capital allocation strategies, including future stock repurchase programs and dividend payments the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting principles promulgated by rule setting bodies the company’s ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy industry and the factors set forth under the heading Risk Factors on pages 20 through 26 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in this report could also have material adverse effects on forward looking statements.

Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) all GHGs (million tonnes CO e), cont.

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

Executives and senior managers: ethnic minorities (%), cont.

U.S. equal employment opportunity commission statistics,42 cont.

Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites.

Describe the company’s approach to health and safety for employees and contractors, transport safety, and systems to incorporate a culture of safety throughout the company.

Discussion of the company’s human rights policy, engagement processes, due diligence practices, remedy mechanisms and supplier communications, with respect to human rights, Indigenous rights and security.

Describe policies, programs and procedures related to human capital management and to promoting diversity, inclusion and nondiscrimination.

Describe the company’s social investment strategies, programs, community and stakeholder grievance mechanisms, and policies for addressing nonretaliation and nondiscrimination when regarding grievances.

Description of the company’s Code of Conduct, values, principles, and anti corruption and bribery policies for the company and its suppliers, and processes for reporting unethical or unlawful behavior.

Description of the company’s approach to managing cybersecurity issues.

Reductions may occur due to Chevron’s current practice of reporting offsets in the calendar year in which they were retired.

For reporting, Chevron may include indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 definition such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third party custody transfer of the oil or gas product.

Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions to align with Ipieca’s Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil Gas Industry (2020).

Chevron’s Scope 1 includes emissions of six Kyoto GHGs carbon dioxide (CO ), methane (CH ), nitrous oxide (N O), sulfur hexafluoride, perfluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons, as well as nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).

Given the common industry practice of using the AR4 100 year GWP, we have assumed that nonoperated assets that did not provide methane mass data use a 100 year GWP of 25.

We continue to work with our joint venture partners to provide information on a standardized basis to increase transparency.

Chemical and base oil facilities located within refineries are included in refinery emissions.

Environmental Management and Real Estate Company, energy management and power from Chevron Pipeline and Power, and the North American Data Center.

Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions for each segment.

CO , CH and N O are accounted for in Chevron’s Scope 2 emissions.

Scope 2 emissions are accounted for using the market based approach as described in the World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015), including calculating Scope 2 emissions net of contractual instruments such as renewable energy credits (RECs).

Emissions are based on aggregate production, throughput and sales numbers that include renewable fuels.

Figures in assurance statements may vary from figures reported in each subsequent Corporate Sustainability Report due to restatements and assurance scope.

Reported Scope 2 emissions are net of contractual instruments such as RECs.

For programs with multiyear compliance periods, offsets are reported in the calendar year they are retired.

Chevron’s MEI includes the refining assets at Chevron’s operated and nonoperated joint venture refineries.

Energy Consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

Chevron’s chemicals and additives, products and services, and lubricants businesses.

It reflects the energy required to produce Chevron’s products compared with the energy that would have been required to produce the same products in 1992 (the index’s base year).

Energy Consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not included in this metric.

SOX emissions include SO and SO3, reported as SO equivalent.

NOX emissions include NO and NO (reported as NO equivalent) and exclude N O.

If no local definition exists, fresh water is defined as water extracted, directly or indirectly, from surface water, groundwater or rainwater that has a total dissolved solids concentration of less than or equal to 2,000 mg L. Fresh water withdrawn does not include effluent or recycled reclaimed water from municipal or other industrial wastewater treatment systems, as this water is reported under nonfresh water withdrawn.

Nonfresh water withdrawn could include: seawater brackish groundwater or surface water reclaimed wastewater from another municipal or industrial facility desalinated water or remediated groundwater used for industrial purposes.

Produced water is excluded from fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed and nonfresh water withdrawn.

Water quantities may be determined using direct measurement techniques or engineering estimation methods.

Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Two or More Races).

For year 2021, data collected as of February 7, 2022.

For year 2020, data collected as of February 24, 2021.

For year 2019, data collected as of January 23, 2020.

For years 2017 2018, data collected as of February 20, 2019.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in supply chain metrics.

Health and safety performance rates include both injury and illness related incidents.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in workforce health and safety metrics.

This includes purchased crudes for crude units and third party feeds for other processing units.

Baseline water stress measures the ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater supplies.

Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, irrigation and livestock consumptive and nonconsumptive uses.

Available renewable water supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive water users and large dams on downstream water availability.

Higher values indicate more competition among users.

Chevron’s fresh water withdrawn and consumed in high and extremely high water stress areas excludes Chevron’s Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company.

Freshwater withdrawals for the Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company are minimal (1% of the total) compared with the overall use in the corporation.

For purposes of this reporting, Chevron categorizes all of the water withdrawn and consumed by Chevron’s Mid Continent business unit as being in a high stress or extremely high stress region.

Chevron reports the total cumulative amount of oil discharged to surface water excluding spills, which are reported separately.

Spills to land and water that are greater than or equal to one barrel are included.

Spills to secondary containment, chemical spills and spills due to sabotage are excluded.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in accidental release prevention and response metrics.

Hazardous waste amounts are quantified using methods required or recommended by regulatory agencies or authorities, where applicable.

In other instances, similar methods are used, including direct measurement onsite or at the point of shipping, engineering estimates and process knowledge.

Chevron follows the regulatory definitions of hazardous waste applicable to the jurisdictions in which we operate, including de minimis specifications (below which hazardous waste quantities do not need to be reported).

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in waste metrics.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in fines and settlements metrics.

We do not have sufficient information on gender identities other than men women to meet data thresholds for reporting.

Our most recently filed Federal Employer Information Report EEO 1 is available for download at chevron.com eeo 1.

EEO 1 EEOC counts differ slightly from those in the Global Employee Diversity table due to differences in methodologies.

These data may not include a small number of employees from recent acquisitions.

Introduction: The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology is designed to facilitate carbon intensity accounting of a company’s portfolio.

It uses a representative value chain that includes emissions associated with bringing products to market, including the Scope 3 emissions from their use.

The PCI methodology facilitates transpar ency in calculations and data with information taken from financial statements and emissions disclosures.

This approach enables comparison of companies that may participate in different parts of the value chain and the use of real data.

Intent: The PCI methodology provides a framework for transparent and consistent comparisons of the mix of energy products provided by a company, inclusive of elements of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.

The methodology is broadly applicable to oil and gas companies involved in exploration and production, refining, or marketing activities.

PCI definition: Estimated energy weighted average GHG emissions intensity from a simplified value chain from the production, refine ment, distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered.

Units: Grams of carbon dioxide equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule of energy delivered (g CO2e MJ) on a higher heating value basis to align with prior frameworks on gas value chain emissions and with heating values commonly used in commercial contracts.

Scope: The PCI is calculated on an annual basis as the weighted average GHG intensity of energy delivered across gas, natural gas liquid (NGL), oil, biofuel, hydrogen and lower carbon power products.

Carbon removals are deducted from total lifecycle emissions estimates.

Several prior product intensity frameworks have used lower heating value for intensity calculations.

Gas: piped gas, LNG and third party traded volumes.

Natural gas liquids: NGLs from upstream, refining and third party traded volumes.

Oil: crude oil, refined products (gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, fuel oil and other petroleum products) and third party traded volumes.

Biofuels: ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel, sustainable aviation fuel and renewable natural gas.

Hydrogen: gray hydrogen, blue hydrogen and green hydrogen that are externally marketed.

Lower carbon power: external sales of wind, solar and geo thermal power.

Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) removes CO2 either directly from the atmosphere or from streams that would be released to the atmosphere.

It does not include CO2 produced from naturally occurring reservoirs that is used for enhanced oil recovery.

High integrity offsets include nature based solutions.

For traditional hydrocarbon products (gas, NGL and oil), marketed volumes are based on the business segment (production, refined products or marketing) with the largest overall commodity volume, inclusive of all traded volumes.

Chemicals and other business lines that do not primarily supply energy products are excluded from this calculation.

Traditional hydrocarbon products: The intent of the frame work is to capture value chain emissions associated with the maximum hydrocarbon product volume for a company among its production, refining and marketing activities.

For all products that a company produces or refines, the PCI methodology uses the company’s equity GHG emissions and corresponding GHG intensity.

To estimate the emissions for marketed products that the company does not produce or refine, the PCI methodology uses industry average segment factors from the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook.

Hydrocarbon transporta tion emissions are estimated in the PCI using IEA World Energy Outlook estimates for transportation emissions from oil and gas.

Emissions associated with end use of marketed products are based on industry standard combustion factors and assume all sold energy products are combusted, although this is not the case (e.g., plastics and lubricants).

The graphic below is a depic tion of the value chain approach for the refined product value chain.

Biofuels, hydrogen and lower carbon power: GHG emissions are calculated based on third party lifecycle assessments and the energy provided by Chevron in the most recent year.

Lifecycle assessment data sources include California Air Resources Board (CARB) Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities for similar feedstocks and pathways, a Hydrogen Council report on a lifecycle assessment for hydrogen pathways, and harmonized lifecycle assessments of electricity generation from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Working Group 1.

Inputs are collected from financial disclosures and public GHG reporting, with the exception of the biofuels component.

Biofuel volumes are based on purchase data for ethanol, renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and biodiesel and production volumes for renewable natural gas in the United States, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Australia.

Volumes from international GS Caltex operations in South Korea are assumed to be zero.

For 2016 2022, aggregate biofuel volumes used in the PCI calculation are 60,000, 61,000, 62,000, 68,000, 61,000, 70,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, respectively.

Biofuel carbon intensity values are based on CARB LCFS default pathway values.

For 2016 2022, the weighted average biofuel carbon intensity values used in the PCI calculation were 52, 52, 51, 50, 48, 47 and 38 grams carbon dioxide equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule, respectively.

CCUS: Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS represent the volume of emissions that would be permanently sequestered underground or utilized in other products with a deduction for supply chain emissions associated with capture, transport or storage.

CCUS projects that reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions would reduce the production, refining or other sectoral intensity and would not be double counted as removals for example, CO captured by an integrated CCS plant would already be accounted for in the facility’s Scope 1 emissions intensity.

Offsets: Offsets that are retired by the company or on behalf of customers for use of product provided by the company are deducted from the total emissions in the metric.

The model does not adjust for the energy efficiency gains associated with some applications of electricity and hydrogen relative to existing hydrocarbon infrastructure.

For example, CARB estimates that energy provided as electricity to an electric vehicle is 3.4 times more efficient than energy provided by gasoline to an internal combustion engine.

Model updates could be made in the future, if supported by the end use of electricity or hydrogen products.

Improvements over time: Methodologies and emissions factors may be updated in future years to reflect additional information or data that become available.

For example, updates may include updated industry averages, primary data from third party producers refiners and adjustments to energy efficiency assumptions, if warranted, based on the end use applications for volumes of energy marketed by the company.

Percentages shown are based on data from IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, November 2018, iea.org reports world energy outlook 2018.

The emissions included in the metrics generally represent Chevron’s equity share of emissions from upstream, including LNG, which are emissions from operated and nonoperated joint venture assets based on Chevron’s financial interest.

For reporting, Chevron may include indirect sources of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third party custody transfer of the oil or gas product.

For oil and gas production intensity metrics, production is aligned with net production values reported in the Chevron Corporation Supplement to the Annual Report, which represent the company’s equity share of total production after deducting both royalties paid to landowners and a government’s agreed upon share of production under a Production Sharing Agreement.

Chevron’s equity share emissions include emissions associated with these excluded royalty barrels in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance.

Also in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance, Chevron’s equity share emissions do not include emissions associated with royalty payments received by the company.

Allocation of emissions between oil and gas is based on the fraction of production represented by liquids or gas.

Flaring and methane intensities use the total of liquids and gas production.

Oil and gas production intensities use liquids production and natural gas production, respectively.

The refining carbon intensity (RCI) metric provides a measure of GHG released during the transformation of raw materials into refined products.

The RCI is throughput based and includes GHG emissions from Chevron’s own refining operations and estimates of emissions associated with third party processing of imported feedstocks such as hydrogen.

Emissions from third party processing of imported feedstocks are estimated using infor mation including supplier data, industry segment averages and engineering estimates.

Emissions included in the calculation represent refinery processing only and do not include terminals or chemical, additive, base oil and lubricant facilities not integrated into a refinery.

Feedstocks include hydrogen and intermediate products that will be further refined or used in conversion units.

Feedstocks do not include natural gas used as fuel or products intended solely for blend ing into finished products.

Feedstocks are assessed on a net basis (imports minus exports).

Emissions associated with the production of hydrogen can account for 25% of total refinery emissions, and more than half of the hydrogen used in U.S. refining is imported from a third party.

Enabled emissions reductions are the estimated avoided emissions relative to fossil fuel use primarily associated with biofuels, hydrogen, CCUS and offsets that the company has marketed in the most recent calendar year, regardless of whether the company retained rights to the emissions reduction attributes.

Over time, new energy products may be added to the calcu lation, along with associated volume information.

Avoided emissions associated with natural gas fired power generation via co generation or coal fired power generation displacement are excluded from this calculation for purposes of simplicity.

For biofuels and hydrogen products, the enabled emissions reductions are calculated based on the lifecycle GHG savings relative to the same amount of energy provided by diesel fuel.

Where appropriate, energy efficiency factors are used to calculate the volumes of dis placed fossil fuels.

More details on emissions factors and calculation assumptions are available in the PCI methodology note (see pages 75 76).

Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS and offsets repre sent the volume of emissions that would be sequestered or utilized in other products.

GHG emissions associated with CCUS or offset value chains would be netted from the reductions associated with the activity.

Barrels of oil equivalent (boe) A unit of measure to quantify crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the same basis.

Natural gas volumes are converted to barrels on the basis of energy content.

Carbon intensity The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon dioxide equivalent (CO e) per unit of measure.

Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) is the process of capturing carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a feedstock (utilization) or permanently storing them in geological formations deep underground (storage).

Gas to liquids (GTL) A process that converts natural gas into high quality liquid transportation fuels and other products.

Hydrogen Chevron’s approach to hydrogen for new lower carbon businesses envisions the use of green, blue and gray hydrogen.

Chevron believes the use of blue and green hydrogen as a fuel source can help reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions entering the atmosphere.

While gray hydrogen is viewed as not directly supporting decarbonization of the energy sector, Chevron believes that early use cases of gray hydrogen can provide key opportunities to de risk technology, enable development of supporting infrastructure, including fueling stations, and contribute to learning.

Liquefied natural gas (LNG) Natural gas that is liquefied under extremely cold temperatures to facilitate storage or transportation in specially designed vessels.

Lower carbon energy includes a variety of existing and emerging energy solutions and services, including traditional energy sources linked with renewables or abatement technologies or measures, carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear.

Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas includes oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon based products that are produced and sold to customers with a carbon intensity below that of traditional oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon based products.

Nature based solutions, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), include afforestation and reforestation.

These involve the repurposing of land use by growing forests where there was none before (afforestation) or reestablishing a forest where there was one in the past (reforestation).

Other nature based solutions include restoration of coastal and marine habitats to ensure they continue to draw CO from the air.

Net positive impact Defined by Ipieca as a target for project outcomes in which the impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety of ecosystems and living things) caused by the project are outweighed by the actions taken to avoid and reduce such impacts, rehabilitate affected species landscapes and offset any residual impacts.

Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2) Chevron aspires to reach net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050.

Accomplishing this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable technology, government policy, successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature based projects, availability of cost effective, verifiable offsets in the global market, and granting of necessary permits by governing authorities.

American Petroleum Institute (API) Trade association representing all segments of the oil and gas industry in the United States.

International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) Global forum of oil and gas producers.

Ipieca Global not for profit oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues. mbd Thousands of barrels per day. mmbtu d Millions of British thermal units per day. mmtpa Millions of tonnes per annum. mtpa Thousands of tonnes per annum.

This report contains forward looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations and energy transition plans that are based on management’s current expec tations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy related industries.

These statements are not guarantees of future conduct, policy or performance and are subject to certain risks, uncer tainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control, including government regulation and oil and gas prices.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

This report covers our owned and operated businesses unless otherwise noted on pages 58, 73 74.

It does not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors and partners unless otherwise noted.

In the case of certain joint ventures for which Chevron is the operator, we exercise influence but not control.

Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy for those joint ventures are known to differ from those detailed in this report.

All financial infor mation is presented in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.

Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including the development, implementation or continuation of any program, policy or initiative discussed or forecasted in this report, may differ materially in the future.

As with any projections or estimates, actual results or numbers may vary.

The performance data in this report, including data showing certain intensity reductions against a baseline year, are not guarantees of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives.

See Forward Looking Statements Warning on page 59 of this report.

Many of the standards and metrics used in preparing this report continue to evolve and are based on management assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation but should not be considered guarantees, and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of the data.

The statements of intention in this report speak only as of the date of this report.

Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any statements in this report.

Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to our environmental, social, governance, and other sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of future regulations.

This report contains information from third parties, such as the World Resources Institute and IEA.

Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to the third party information.

Where necessary, Chevron received permission to cite third party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties.

Where Chevron has used information, it has noted the source.

This report contains terms used by Ipieca and SASB, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report align with the recommendations of Ipieca and SASB.

In doing so, Chevron does not intend to endorse or adopt and is not endorsing or adopting these phrases or recommendations.

In using these terms and referencing the recommendations, Chevron is not obligating itself to use the terms in the way defined by Ipieca and SASB, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendations or to provide any specific disclosure.

Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to Ipieca or SASB’s use or definition of specific terms or recommendations.

This report contains trade names and trademarks of other companies.

The use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks does not imply our endorsement or sponsorship of, or a relationship with, these companies.

Photo credits Cover and first spread: Albatross Aerial Photography, Ltd. 12: Marc Marriott 14: Jim Erickson 7, 33: Steve Babuljak 47: Richard Schultz 57: Zero6 Energy, Inc. back cover: Steve Babujak and George Rosales not correspond to the concept of materiality used in the securities laws and disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

With respect to the term material, individual companies are best suited to determine which information is material under the long standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term, and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.

As used in this report, the term Chevron and such terms as the company, the corporation, our, its, we and us may refer to one or more of Chevron’s consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates or to all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include affiliates of Chevron i.e., those companies generally owned 50% or less.

All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.

Further, as used in this report, the term project may describe new upstream development activity, including phases in a multi phase development, maintenance activities, certain existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investment in emerging and lower carbon intensity activities and certain other activities.

All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term project as it relates to any specific government law or regulation.

In addition, for Chevron, lower carbon energy includes a variety of existing and emerging energy solutions and services, including traditional energy sources linked with renewables or abatement technologies or measures, carbon capture and sequestration, offsets, blue and green hydrogen, geothermal and nuclear.

Aligned with our Chevron Way value to protect people and the environment, we have printed this report on Forest Stewardship Council certified paper made with recycled Post Consumer waste.

Printed by Lithographix, Inc., whose rooftop solar panels are expected to offset the company’s energy demands by 30%.

Chevron Corporation 6001 Bollinger Canyon Road, San Ramon, CA 94583 2324 USA www.chevron.com 2023 Chevron Corporation.