Impact 
Report 

2022–2023 
Our Purpose & Impact Report 
McDonald’s Corporation

Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

2

Our purpose is to feed 
and foster communities. 
As the leading global 
foodservice retailer, 
we believe it’s our 
responsibility to 
make a positive 
impact on the world. 

We’re driving that impact by living our purpose. The actions we 
continue to take today across our food, people, communities and our 
planet will help contribute to building a better business and a more 
trusted brand for generations to come. One of these actions is reporting 
on our environmental and social activities.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

3

What’s Inside 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality 
& Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion 
& Empowerment 

Community 
Connection 

McDonald’s is the global leading foodservice retailer, with more 
than 40,000 locations in over 100 countries helping feed millions of 
customers every day. Our System works as one to feed and foster 
the communities we serve. Whether we are helping deliver more 
sustainable food systems or building an inclusive workplace, we 
believe there has never been a more important moment to work 
together to advance collective impact. 

A Message From Our CEO 

4 
6  Who We Are 
7 
8 

The McDonald’s System 
Our Impact Strategy & Approach 

We’re acting now to deliver on 
our climate ambitions, protect 
natural resources, accelerate 
solutions to reduce waste and 
transition to more sustainable 
packaging and toy materials. 

19  Climate Action 
22  Packaging, Toys & Waste 
26  Nature, Forests & Water 

We’re working toward creating 
a secure, more sustainable 
future for food by advancing 
safety and quality, prioritizing 
animal health and welfare and 
making balanced meals more 
accessible to families across 
the world. 

31  Food Safety 
34  Nutrition & 

Marketing Practices 

38  Responsible Sourcing 
41  Animal Health & Welfare 

and Responsible 
Antibiotic Use 

We’re helping build bright, 
safe and inclusive futures by 
nurturing skills, accelerating 
equity and respecting human 
rights, empowering the 
people and the communities 
we serve. 

47  Diversity, Equity 
& Inclusion 
50  Talent & Benefits 
53 
 Human Rights 
56  Safe & Respectful 
Workplaces 

We understand our business 
thrives when our communities 
thrive, so we think globally 
and act locally, helping feed 
and support people when and 
where they need it most. 

59  Community Impact 
& Philanthropy 
63  Ronald McDonald 

House Charities

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

4

A Message From Our CEO 

As I reflect on last year, I continue to be impressed by our 
System’s ability to support and uplift communities. 

This past year remained challenging in many 
parts of the world. The humanitarian crisis 
caused by the war in Ukraine continued, a 
devastating earthquake struck Turkey, and we’ve 
seen markets like France experience profound 
periods of unrest. At the same time, we continued 
adapting to a new post-pandemic world. 

During these moments and more, I’m reminded 
that McDonald’s unparalleled size and scale 
uniquely enables us to show up, and how 
important it is for us to continue delivering on our 
purpose of feeding and fostering communities. 

Offering Families 
the Choices They Love 

At McDonald’s, we’re listening to our customers 
to evolve our offerings, while maintaining the 
same taste they know and love. I’m particularly 
proud of the work that’s gone into the evolution 
of our Happy Meal Offerings, and how our 
markets are promoting more balanced choices 
for families than ever before. Over the last five 
years, we made significant progress toward five 
Happy Meal Nutrition Goals that we set in 2018 in 
20 of our major markets. 

Despite the changes and challenges our 
business encountered over the last few years, 
our entire System remained committed to these 
goals. As we look forward, we will share learnings 
across markets and assess new opportunities to 
build on our progress.

We strive to leverage our entire System 
to grow our impact across communities, 
help protect our planet and make a difference 
in the lives of people around the world. 

IMAGE RESTRICTIONS

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

5

Nurturing Our Planet 

Serving Our Communities 

As a leading global brand, we’ve embraced the 
opportunity to take action to respond to climate 
change, and we continue to make progress 
toward net zero emissions globally by 2050. 

McDonald’s has a unique connection with 
communities around the world, and we believe 
that comes with a responsibility to support 
people and their local communities. 

We are working with our suppliers to scale 
practices that make agriculture not just more 
sustainable, but also regenerative. It’s not 
enough to just do less damage to our planet. 
We need to do more good. That’s why we remain 
focused on driving climate action, helping to 
protect natural resources, reducing waste and 
transitioning to more sustainable packaging. 

Creating Inclusive Workplaces 
& Restaurants 

Guided by our values, we’re focused on creating 
inclusive workplaces and restaurants. 

At the end of 2022, U.S. systemwide spend with 
diverse-owned suppliers was 25.0%, resulting in 
McDonald’s reaching its diverse-owned supplier 
spend goal for the second year in a row. We also 
continued implementation of our Global Brand 
Standards to promote even safer workplaces 
across our restaurants. 

We know that a diverse workforce is critical to 
McDonald’s success, which is why we’re committed 
to providing training, education benefits and 
career paths that empower people and create 
opportunities in the communities we serve. 

As a System, we’ve been able to make a huge 
impact in support of Ronald McDonald’s House 
Charities’ (RMHC) mission. Together with our 
Franchisees and customers, over $182 million 
was donated to RMHC in 2022, helping provide 
more than 2.2 million overnight stays for families 
around the world. 

Looking Toward the Future 

I’m proud of the McDonald’s System for 
deepening the ways we positively impact our 
communities. But it doesn’t stop here. We strive 
to leverage our entire size and scale to grow 
our impact across communities, help protect 
our planet and make a difference in the lives of 
people around the world. By working together, as 
a System and with our suppliers, I believe we have 
the ability to address these global challenges. 

There’s more work to be done. But if there’s 
anyone who is up to the challenge, it’s the 
McDonald’s System – and our people who drive 
our business forward and delight our customers 
each and every day. 

Chris Kempczinski, 
President and CEO, McDonald’s Corporation 

nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), 
community-based organizations, the 
investment community and others to help 
us better understand and advance progress 
on a range of areas. 

Making a positive impact within our 
communities and on our world is a priority 
set from the highest levels of our business, 
including our Board of Directors. Through 
the work of various Board committees 
such as our Sustainability & Corporate 
Responsibility Committee, we have a long 
history of commitment to incorporating 
sustainable and socially responsible 
practices into our business operations. 

I’m proud of the work we do to help 
make a difference, and it’s a privilege to 
lead our Global Impact team working 
closely with our Board, CEO and 
the entire McDonald’s System 
to drive progress forward. 

I look to the future with optimism – because 
of both the progress we’ve made, and the 
dedication and energy we have for the 
work ahead. 

A Message From Jon Banner, 
Executive Vice President and 
Global Chief Impact Officer, 
McDonald’s Corporation 

Since joining McDonald’s last year, I’ve been 
incredibly impressed by the passion our 
people and System have for making the 
world a better place.  

McDonald’s is one of the most iconic and 
trusted brands in the world. We believe this 
puts us in an incredible position to create 
an unmatched impact on our planet and 
in our communities, and for our people, 
Franchisees and suppliers. 

That’s why we’re using our voice to 
help influence positive change around 
the world, including by working with 
policymakers, academia, industry groups, 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

6

Who We Are 

What began as a small drive-in 
restaurant in San Bernardino, 
California, has grown into an 
American icon that proudly 
serves millions of customers 
every day around the world. 

While much has changed over the last six 
decades, Ray Kroc’s original commitment to 
Quality, Service, Cleanliness and Value has 
endured and made McDonald’s a trusted 
favorite for over 65 years. 

McDonald’s restaurants, whether franchised or 
operated by us, serve a locally relevant menu 
of quality food and beverages in communities 
across more than 100 countries. Of the more 
than 40,000 McDonald’s restaurants at year-end 
2022, approximately 95% were franchised. 

We’ve achieved an increase in systemwide 
sales of nearly $20 billion since 2020, with our 
global comparable sales growing by almost 
11% in 2022. Our success is a direct result of our 
continued focus on our M, C, D growth pillars: 

•  Marketing – We continue to elevate our 

marketing through creative excellence and by 
driving programs with cultural relevance that 
can be scaled across markets. 

•  Core – We are capitalizing on the strength of 
our core menu and growing market share in 
chicken and beef. 

•  Digital, Delivery and Drive-Thru (3-“Ds”) – 
We continue to demonstrate huge growth 
potential, remaining focused on meeting 
customers where they are and providing 
more personalized experiences. We now have 
almost 50 million active loyalty users in our top 
six markets. 

What matters to our customers matters to 
McDonald’s, so our vision for the future centers 
on five core values: Service, Inclusion, Integrity, 
Community and Family. 

Behind our Golden Arches is a global 
community of crew, farmers, suppliers, 
Franchisees and countless others who make 
up who we are as a brand. People are at the 
cornerstone of our business and are an essential 
part of the System. Company employees, 

who include those in our corporate offices 
as well as in Company-owned and operated 
restaurants, totaled over 150,000 worldwide 
as of year-end 2022, of which approximately 
70% were based outside of the U.S. In addition 
to Company employees, the over 2 million 
individuals who work in McDonald’s franchised 
restaurants around the world are critical to our 
success, enabling it to drive long-term value 
creation and further its purpose and mission. 

As the consumer landscape shifts, we are 
using our competitive advantages to further 
strengthen our brand. Our growth pillars build on 
our strong foundations to ensure we can meet 
the moment today and have long-term success. 

Our mission is to make delicious feel-good 
moments easy for everyone. The backbone 
of our brand is, and always has been, a 
commitment to a set of core values that define 
who we are and how we run our business 
and restaurants. 

Living these values is the foundation of 
McDonald’s next great chapter. We’re committed 
to improving the lives of our people, our industry 
and the planet by putting our customers and 
employees first, sourcing quality food, reducing 
waste impact and expanding job opportunities 
around the world. As one of the world’s largest 
restaurant companies, McDonald’s believes it 
has the responsibility to take on some of the 
most pressing challenges of our time, and we 
embrace this opportunity to lead by example 
and create meaningful change. 

The Company’s 
Five Core Values 

1  Serve – We put our customers 

and people first. 

2  Inclusion – We open our doors 

to everyone. 

3  Integrity – We do the right thing. 

4  Community – We are 
good neighbors. 

5  Family – We get better together.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
        
 
        
        
         
        
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

7

The McDonald’s System
The McDonald’s System 

Our Suppliers
Our Suppliers 

Our Operations, Employees and Franchisees
Our Operations, Employees and Franchisees 

Our Communities
Our Communities 

Engaging with 
Engaging with 
suppliers on 
suppliers on 
emissions targets 
emissions targets 
and accounting
and accounting 

Identifying 
Identifying 
opportunities for 
opportunities for 
increased efficiency
increased efficiency 

Protecting nature and 
Protecting nature and 
promoting biodiverse 
promoting biodiverse 
ecosystems
ecosystems 

Tackling deforestation in 
Tackling deforestation in 
our supply chain 
our supply chain 

Respecting 
Respecting 
human 
human 
rights in our 
rights in our 
supply chain
supply chain 

Conserving 
Conserving 
water, using 
water, using 
it responsibly 
it responsibly 
and efficiently 
and efficiently 
and building 
and building 
resiliency
resiliency 

Supporting suppliers in 
Supporting suppliers in 
farm management and 
farm management and 
scaling regenerative 
scaling regenerative 
practices 
practices 

Prioritizing animal welfare and 
Prioritizing animal welfare and 
responsible antibiotic use
responsible antibiotic use 

Using more alternative fuels, 
Using more alternative fuels, 
fewer miles and less fuel
fewer miles and less fuel 

Food Manufacturing, Research and Development
Food Manufacturing, Research and Development 
Advancing food safety from the farm to our customers
Advancing food safety from the farm to our customers 

Families and Well-Being
Families and Well-Being 
Supporting Ronald McDonald House Charities
Supporting Ronald McDonald House Charities 

Providing crisis 
Providing crisis 
response with 
response with 
community partners
community partners 

Providing Support During Times of Need
Providing Support During Times of Need 
Offering hardship 
Offering hardship 
and disaster relief 
and disaster relief 
for U.S.-owned 
for U.S.-owned 
restaurants
restaurants 

Providing food and 
Providing food and 
supply donations 
supply donations 

Opportunity Employment and Other Philanthropic Investments 
Opportunity Employment and Other Philanthropic Investments 
Making charitable 
Making charitable 
grants and donations
grants and donations 

Reducing barriers  
Reducing barriers 
to youth  
to youth 
employment
employment 

Promoting 
Promoting 
volunteerism 
volunteerism 
opportunities and 
opportunities and 
resources
resources

Packaging Manufacturing, Research 
Packaging Manufacturing, Research 
and Development
and Development 
Innovating and sourcing new materials to eliminate 
Innovating and sourcing new materials to eliminate 
unnecessary packaging and encourage circularity
unnecessary packaging and encourage circularity 

Office Buildings/Sites
Office Buildings/Sites 
Reducing office greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Reducing office greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 

Nutrition and Choice
Nutrition and Choice 

Offering 
Offering 
balanced meals 
balanced meals 
for kids and 
for kids and 
families
families 

Marketing 
Marketing 
responsibly  
responsibly 
to children
to children 

Within All Restaurant Buildings/Sites 
Within All Restaurant Buildings/Sites 
(Company-owned restaurants and Franchisee-owned restaurants)
(Company-owned restaurants and Franchisee-owned restaurants) 

Reducing emissions 
Reducing emissions 
in our restaurant 
in our restaurant 
operations
operations 

Designing more 
Designing more 
sustainable 
sustainable 
restaurants
restaurants 

Advancing the 
Advancing the 
recycling of guest 
recycling of guest 
packaging
packaging 

Reducing virgin 
Reducing virgin 
fossil fuel-based  
fossil fuel-based 
and small plastics
and small plastics 

Company-Owned Restaurants
Company-Owned Restaurants

Franchisee-Owned Restaurants
Franchisee-Owned Restaurants

Fostering safe, respectful 
Fostering safe, respectful 
and inclusive workplaces 
and inclusive workplaces 

Company Employees and Franchisee Employees
Company Employees and Franchisee Employees 
Offering competitive employee 
Offering competitive employee 
compensation and benefits
compensation and benefits 

Providing continuous 
Providing continuous 
learning and development 
learning and development 
opportunities
opportunities 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

8

Our Impact Strategy 
& Approach 

As the leading global 
foodservice retailer, 
we believe we have a 
responsibility to ensure 
sustainable value creation 
for shareholders while 
acting on our most pressing 
environmental, social and 
governance challenges. 

Understanding and effectively managing 
McDonald’s environmental and social 
impact work through governance 
structures, strategies and goals is central to 
operating responsibly, maximizing shared 
value, ensuring brand trust and building 
long-term resiliency. 

Our Impact Areas and Goals 

In 2020, we announced our Impact Strategy, 
centered on the four Impact Areas shown 
below. These were informed by feedback from 
customers and trusted external organizations 
to help us make a difference at scale and drive 
industrywide change across our Company 

and within communities. We have established 
strategies, policies, goals and performance 
indicators to measure and manage annual 
progress and report against each area. 

Find out more about our Impact Strategy 
on our website. 

Our Planet 

We’re helping to drive climate action, 
protecting natural resources, reducing 
waste and transitioning to more 
sustainable packaging and toys. 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

We’re working toward responsibly 
sourcing our priority commodities, 
prioritizing animal health and welfare 
and making safe, quality food accessible 
to families across the world. 

Our Impact 
Strategy 

Jobs, Inclusion 
& Empowerment 

We’re serving up bright futures in our 
communities, nurturing skills, accelerating 
equity and respecting human rights. 

Community Connection 

We’re helping feed and support people 
when and where they need it most. 

How We Prioritize Impact Areas 

McDonald’s prioritizes environmental and social 
issues where we can have the greatest impact 
and are most important to our stakeholders. 
In partnership with other teams, our Global 
Sustainability & Social Impact team tracks 
internal and external insights to help prioritize 
efforts, evolve our strategy and tailor reporting. 
Through regular engagement, the team 
discusses the evolution of key issues and 
transparency expectations with shareholders, 
suppliers, employees, communities and 
key NGOs. 

We use our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
framework to identify, assess and prioritize 
strategic, financial and reputational risks 
with the potential for a sustained impact 
on our business. The framework leverages 
internal risk committees, comprising cross-
functional leadership, which meet regularly. 
Issues are escalated to our CEO, Board and/or 
committees, as appropriate.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023  
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

9

Our Governance Approach 

Business Resilience 

Supporting the SDGs 

Robust governance is critical to managing 
environmental and social impact issues and 
delivering long-term value for customers, 
stakeholders and communities. Our Board 
and Cross-Functional Leadership team are 
responsible for guiding our strategies, goals, 
policies and performance indicators, supported 
by working groups, Franchisees and suppliers. 

•  Board of Directors – Oversees our business 

in an honest, fair, diligent and ethical manner; 
reviews our strategic direction and objectives; 
and is responsible for overseeing our 
ERM framework. 

•  Cross-Functional Leadership team – 

Accountable for leading our Impact Strategy, 
including management of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG)-related risks and 
opportunities to help create long-term value. 

•  Global Sustainability & Social Impact 

team – Provides Corporate Staff leadership, 
coordination and support for our global 
sustainability policies, programs and reporting. 

•  ESG Disclosure Committee – Oversees 

procedures related to the governance of our ESG 
disclosures, including external impact reporting. 

•  Engagement with stakeholders – Drawing on 

Our ERM framework is designed to identify, 
assess and prioritize strategic, financial and 
reputational risks with the potential to have 
a sustained impact on our Company. It is 
periodically reviewed with learning incorporated 
to drive transparency and strategic decision-
making. Our Board annually reviews strategic 
and enterprise risks, including our mitigation 
and overall strategy, competitive landscape, 
capital structure and management succession 
planning. Internal auditors support risk 
identification and monitoring. 

  Read more about how we build the resilience 
of our business on our website. 

Much of what we and our Franchisees do – 
provide fulfilling employment with opportunity 
for continuing education, help reduce waste, 
more sustainably manage natural resources and 
address climate change – has the potential to 
contribute to sustainable development. 

The United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) is a global agenda established 
to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure 
prosperity for all. McDonald’s contributes to 
many of the agenda’s 17 goals through our 
System, our scale and our collaborations. We 
have identified four SDGs through which we 
have the largest impact. 

Engaging With Stakeholders 
and Policymakers 

We engage closely with various stakeholders 
and embrace the role we play with policymakers. 
The relationships we’ve developed with 
experts from academia, industry groups, 
NGOs and community-based organizations, 
the investment community and others help us 
better understand and advance progress on a 
range of impact areas. 

SDG 4 Ensure inclusive and equitable quality 
education and promote lifelong learning 
opportunities for all 

We offer equitable access to opportunity, 
ongoing educational support for team members, 
and offer pre-employment training for 
young people. 

stakeholders’ insights and expertise regarding the 
issues where we can have the greatest impact. 

Read more about stakeholder engagement 
and public policy on our website. 

  Find out more about our governance 
on our website. 

SDG 8 Promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full and 
productive employment and decent work for all 

Within our respect for human rights, we 
prevent forced labor in our supply chains, foster 
workplaces that are safe and respectful and 
fairly compensate our staff.  

SDG 12 Ensure sustainable consumption and 
production patterns 

We are committed to responsible sourcing of 
our top commodities to drive progress toward 
sustainable consumption and production. 
We are addressing waste streams from our 
operations, from packaging to food. 

SDG 13 Take urgent action to combat climate 
change and its impacts 

We have committed to reducing our own 
GHG emissions and we are working with our 
Franchisees and suppliers to support them in 
doing the same. 

  Learn more on our Contributing to the 
UN SDGs web page.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023  
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

10

Our Reporting 

In This Report 

Our progress and actions are covered in 
detail in this report, providing a holistic review 
of the strides and progress we made in 2022. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information 
and data in this report covers McDonald’s 
Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries 
worldwide during fiscal year 2022 (January 1 to 
December 31). 

The humanitarian crisis caused by the war in 
Ukraine and the precipitating unpredictable 
operating environment led us to determine that 
continuing operations in Russia was no longer 
tenable nor consistent with McDonald’s values. 
Due to the transfer of our Russian business in 
May of 2022, Russia has been excluded from 
our 2022 performance reporting across topics, 
unless otherwise stated. 

Go to related topics in this PDF wherever you see 
this symbol. 

On Our Website 

Our approach to each topic is covered in detail 
on the Our Purpose & Impact pages of our 
corporate website, including the full scope of our 
foundational strategies, policies and approaches. 

Go to more detail online wherever you see 
this symbol. 

Key Definitions 

•  McDonald’s: Our global brand, unless 

specified otherwise. 

•  We/The Company: McDonald’s Corporation 

and its majority-owned subsidiaries worldwide. 

•  The System: The Company, its Franchisees 

and suppliers are collectively referred to as the 
“System;” also known as McDonald’s “three-
legged stool.” 

•  Franchisees: Collective group of independent 
individuals and entities owning and operating 
McDonald’s restaurants under one of the 
following structures – conventional franchise, 
developmental license or affiliate; for more 
information, please see the Company’s 
Annual Report. 

•  McDonald’s restaurants/Restaurants: 

Includes restaurants owned by the Company 
and its Franchisees. 

Forward-Looking 
Statements 

This report contains certain forward-looking 
statements or projections, which reflect 
our expectations regarding future events, 
performance and goals and involve several 
risks and uncertainties. Generally speaking, 
any statement in this report not based upon 
historical fact is a forward-looking statement. 
Forward-looking statements can also be 
identified by the use of forward-looking or 
conditional words, such as “could,” “should,” 
“can,” “continue,” “estimate,” “forecast,” 
“intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” 
“anticipate,” “plan,” “remain,” “confident” and 
“commit” or similar expressions. In particular, 
statements regarding our plans, strategies, 
prospects, goals and expectations regarding 
our business and industry are forward-looking 
statements. You should not unduly rely on 
forward-looking statements. These are not 
guarantees of performance and speak only as of 
the date the statements are made. Factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially 
from our expectations are detailed in our filings 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Except as required by law, we do not undertake 
to update such forward-looking statements.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

11

Company employees and Company-owned 
restaurants are in our direct sphere of 
control. Therefore, many of the measures 
start with Company restaurants, with a plan 
to demonstrate success and encourage 
Franchisees to implement the same 
sustainability initiatives. 

The following are trademarks of McDonald’s 
Corporation and its affiliates: McDonald’s, 
Happy Meal, Hamburger University, Archways to 
Opportunity, Filet-O-Fish, McCafé, McNuggets, 
McFish, McFlurry, McBites, Big Mac, Ronald 
McDonald House Charities, RMHC, Ronald 
McDonald House, Ronald McDonald Family 
Room and Ronald McDonald Care Mobile. 

Our business is subject 
to an increasing focus on 
environmental and social 
impact matters 

In recent years, there has been an increasing 
focus by stakeholders – including employees, 
franchisees, customers, suppliers, 
governmental and non-governmental 
organizations and investors – on environmental 
and social impact matters. A failure, whether 
real or perceived, to address environmental and 
social impact matters or to achieve progress on 
our environmental and social impact initiatives 
on the anticipated timing or at all, could 
adversely affect our business, including by 
heightening other risks, such as those related 
to consumer behavior, consumer perceptions 
of our brand, labor availability and costs, supply 
chain interruptions, commodity costs, and legal 
and regulatory complexity. Conversely, our 
taking a position, whether real or perceived, on 
environmental and social impact, public policy, 
geopolitical and similar matters could also 
adversely impact our business. 

The standards we set for ourselves regarding 
environmental and social impact matters, 
and our ability to meet such standards, may 
also impact our business. For example, we 
are working to manage risks and costs to our 
System related to climate change, greenhouse 
gases, and diminishing energy and water 

resources, and we have announced initiatives 
relating to, among other things, climate action, 
sustainability, and responsible sourcing. In 
addition, we are engaging in community 
engagement and philanthropy; as well as 
diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, such 
as increasing diverse representation in our 
corporate workforce and our franchisees, and 
increasing business diversity spend. We have 
faced increased scrutiny related to reporting 
on and achieving these initiatives, as well as 
continued public focus on similar matters, 
such as packaging and waste, animal health 
and welfare, deforestation and land use. We 
have also experienced increased pressure from 
stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure 
and establish additional commitments, targets 
or goals, and take actions to meet them, 
which could expose us to additional market, 
operational, execution and reputational costs 
and risks. Moreover, addressing environmental 
and social impact matters requires Systemwide 
as well as third party coordination and 
alignment, over which we do not have complete 
control and which may be unpredictable. The 
standards by which certain environmental and 
social impact matters are measured are also 
evolving and subject to assumptions that could 
change over time. 

Please refer to our filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission for more details 
on risks that could adversely affect our 
business performance. 

For our developmental license and affiliate 
markets (those not operated by the 
Company), we rely entirely on the accuracy 
of the performance data provided by their 
management. 

For more information on our structure and 
scope, please see our latest Annual Report on 
our Investors web pages. 

In addition, certain information in this report 
has been provided by third parties, including 
our suppliers. In these cases, we have relied 
on these third parties for accuracy and 
completeness. Statements about future 
developments and past occurrences are based 
on information and assumptions available as of 
the date of publication. 

Our Franchisees and suppliers are independent 
business owners who make decisions for 
their own organizations while maintaining 
core standards for our brand and customer 
satisfaction. We cannot prescribe solutions for 
them. Rather, we work in collaboration to raise 
awareness and provide tools and opportunities 
to help them manage ESG issues. We work with 
suppliers to mutually set objectives and targets, 
monitor progress and engage collaboratively on 
shared innovation opportunities and challenges. 
Through self-managed excellence, suppliers 
are encouraged to identify and manage key 
ESG risks and opportunities within their own 
companies and incorporate relevant goals into 
their business strategies. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023  
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

12

Our 2022 Progress at a Glance

   Footnotes can be 
found on page 16 

Our Planet 

Nature, Forests & Water 
Page 26 

We have made progress against our 2030 
goal to eliminate deforestation1 from our 
global supply chain, including for our 
priority ingredient supply chains where 
more than 99.0% of commodities by 
volume supported deforestation-free 
supply chains in 2022.2 

Climate Action 
Page 19 

In 2021, we committed to adapting our climate 
targets to help keep global temperature rises 
below 1.5°C. We intend to share more on our 
climate journey later this year. 

We continue to progress toward net zero 
emissions globally by 2050, transforming our 
business to be more resilient. During 2022, 
we added two large-scale, U.S. virtual power 
purchase agreements (VPPAs) to contribute 
more renewable energy to the grid. 

As renewable energy projects for which contracts 
were executed between 2019 and 2023 associated 
with U.S. electricity use become operational, 
they are expected to contribute a 33% reduction 
in emissions from our 2015 baseline. 

In 2022, more than 85.1%, of restaurants in 
markets with advanced infrastructure5 offered 
guests the opportunity to recycle packaging 
items. In these restaurants, guest packaging 
is collected in customer-facing recycling 
bins for back-of-house or off-site sorting 
and recycling utilizing existing local waste 
infrastructure systems. 

More than 85.1% of restaurants in markets with advanced 
infrastructure5 offered guests the opportunity to recycle 
packaging items. 

Packaging, Toys & Waste 
Page 22 

We sourced 81.0% of primary guest 
packaging3 from renewable, recycled or 
certified sources in 2022.4 

97.2% of primary fiber-based guest 
packaging materials globally were from 
recycled or certified sources in 2022. 

We made progress to reduce plastics in 
our Happy Meal toys. As of the end of 2022, 
we have reduced virgin fossil-fuel based 
plastic in Happy Meal toys by 47.8% 
globally since 2018, up from 24.4% as of the 
end of 2021. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

13

Food Quality 
& Sourcing 

Animal Health & Welfare 
Page 41 

Responsible Antibiotic Use 
Page 41 

Nutrition & Marketing Practices 
Page 34 

As of year-end 2022, more than 91% of the 
pork purchased in the U.S. comes from 
suppliers that have phased out the use 
of gestation stalls for housing confirmed 
pregnant sows. 

As of year-end 2022, our egg supply chains 
are 100% cage free in Australia,13 France and 
Germany, 88% cage free in the U.S. and 85% 
cage free in Canada. 

We are on track to achieve our 2024 Broiler 
Welfare Commitments across in-scope 
markets.14 

As of December 2022, we have established 
market-specific targets for responsible 
antibiotic use in our global beef supply 
chain for our 10 in-scope markets, and we 
will partner in the collection of antibiotic 
use data and measurement of progress 
on responsible use associated with global 
beef and dairy industries.15 

The use of Highest Priority Critically Important 
Antibiotics (HPCIAs) to human medicine has 
been eliminated from all chicken served in 
Australia, Brazil, Canada, Europe, Japan, 
South Korea and the U.S. 

By the end of 2022, we made significant 
progress across all five Global Happy Meal 
Goals in our 20 major markets.16 Going forward, 
we will assess new opportunities and build on 
the progress we have made so far. 

Responsible Sourcing 
Page 38 

In 2022, we continued advancing efforts 
to responsibly source our priority 
ingredients, achieving: 

•  98.5% of beef supported deforestation-

free supply chains.6 

•  88.8% of fish sourced for McDonald’s 

Filet-O-Fish came from verified 
sustainable sources.7, 8 

•  100% of palm oil supported the 

production of sustainable palm oil and 
deforestation-free supply chains.9 

•  100% of soy sourced for chicken feed 
supported deforestation-free supply 
chains.10 

•  99.9% of ground and whole bean coffee 

sustainably sourced.11 

•  97.2% of fiber-based guest 

packaging sourced from recycled or 
certified sources.12 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

14

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
Page 47 

Our 2022 pay gap analysis shows that 
McDonald’s substantially attained equal pay, 
and in the first quarter of 2023 we closed the 
small pay gaps identified in the analysis. The 
results of our 2022 pay gap analysis showed 
that women globally in Company-owned and 
operated markets are paid $.9991 for every $1 
in base pay on average of what men are paid for 
similar work.17 It also showed on an aggregate 
basis, that there was no base pay gap disfavoring 
Underrepresented Groups in the U.S.18 

As of the end of 2022, 43% of leadership 
roles (Senior Director and above) globally 
are held by women.19, 20 

As of the end of 2022, 28% of leadership 
roles (Senior Director and above) located 
in the U.S. are held by individuals in 
Underrepresented Groups.21,  22,  23 

As of the end of 2022, our U.S. systemwide 
spend with diverse-owned suppliers was 
25.0%,24 resulting in McDonald’s reaching 
its 25% diverse-owned supplier spend 
goal for the second year in a row.25 We will 
continue to implement strategies that help 
support engagement with diverse-owned 
suppliers and reaching our spend goal. 

Safe & Respectful Workplaces   
Page 56 

We continue to implement our Global Brand 
Standards across all restaurants – in more 
than 40,000 locations. In 2022, our Building 
a Safe, Respectful and Inclusive Workplace 
global eLearning module, available for crew 
and managers, was made available in multiple 
languages and offered to Franchisees and 
Developmental Licensees (DLs) as support. 

Talent & Benefits 
Page 50 

By the end of 2022, Archways to Opportunity had 
increased access to education for more than 
82,500 people since 2015. Through it, we have 
awarded more than $185 million in high school 
and college tuition assistance. 

In 2022, more than 60,000 individuals  
successfully completed learning offerings,  
including Hamburger University restaurant and 
leadership curricula in-person or virtual formats 
and eLearning courses. 

43% of leadership roles 
(Senior Director and above) 
globally are held by women.

Human Rights 
Page 53 

We became a member of the Leadership Group 
for Responsible Recruitment, a collaborative 
effort to drive positive change in how we recruit 
migrant workers. 

As reported in our latest Supplier Workplace 
Accountability (SWA) Global Compliance report, 
in 2022, we engaged with 5,162 supplier 
facilities globally – including 537 new ones – to 
assess various human rights considerations. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

15

Community Connection

Community Impact 
& Philanthropy 
Page 59 

From July 2018 to the end of 2022, 
approximately 1.7 million young people 
have participated in training programs and/
or been hired in McDonald’s or participating 
Franchisee restaurants.26 

In 2022, we launched a Chicago-based 
investment strategy supporting local 
communities, including a $3.5 million 
investment with 40 local nonprofit organizations. 

In 2022, we held our first Global Volunteer 
Month, with over 8,500 employees 
volunteering across 120 events. Collectively, 
they volunteered approximately 16,700 
hours to local community causes. 

Ronald McDonald House 
Charities (RMHC) 
Page 63 

Throughout 2022, we donated $20 million 
to RMHC as part of our five-year, 
$100 million commitment. 

In total, McDonald’s, our Franchisees and 
customers donated over $182 million to 
RMHC in 2022, helping the charity provide 
more than 2.2 million overnight stays for 
RMHC families around the world. 

In 2022, more than 28,000 individuals in 
the McDonald’s System – including Owner/
Operators, DLs, employees and crew – 
volunteered with RMHC Chapters. 

16,700 hours volunteered 
by employees to local 
community causes. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
Notes 

1  Deforestation refers to the loss of natural forest as a result of conversion to 

agriculture or other non-forest land use; conversion to a plantation forest; 

or severe and sustained degradation as aligned with the definitions of 

Accountability Framework initiative (Afi). 

2  Calculated as the aggregated volumes of beef, soy sourced for chicken feed, 

palm oil, coffee and primary fiber-based guest packaging that are supporting 

deforestation-free supply chains, as a percentage of the aggregated total 

volumes sourced of these commodities. 

3  Packaging. Scope: Inclusive of all markets for our fiber-based guest packaging 

and Happy Meal book and toy packaging. For our plastic-based packaging, 

all markets are included except for Israel, Latin America, Turkey and Thailand. 

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a living 

source and that can be continually replenished. Renewable applies to plastics 

only, not fiber. Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or ISO 16620-2. 

Fiber-based packaging made from 100% recycled sources must be third-

party verified, unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest Management 

standard. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from Argentina, 

Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam to be Forest 

Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood sources with full 

chain of custody certification. Please refer to our Nature, Forests & Water web 

page for additional definitions. Exclusions: Primary fiber-based packaging in 

food packaged off-site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray liners and limited locally 

sourced items. 

4 

In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our primary guest packaging 

sourced from renewable, recycled or certified materials as compared to 2021 

due to deployment of packaging materials not yet compliant with our goal 

standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal. 

5  Markets with advanced infrastructure: Mature waste and recycling 

infrastructure at a national level that has (1) recycling infrastructure network 

across the entire market, (2) multiple materials being recycled within this 

national infrastructure network, (3) existing legislation on recycling and (4) 

high customer awareness of waste and recycling. At the end of 2022, that 

included 21 markets where McDonald’s operates. 

6  Beef. Scope: Includes all beef raw material used in beef patties sourced for 

McDonald’s products from beef patty manufacturers that supply McDonald’s 

restaurants in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Germany, Ireland, France, New 

Zealand, Canada, the U.K. or Poland. Includes all McDonald’s restaurants 

owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees in these countries, 

Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

16

define the principles of and criteria for beef sustainability globally. The five 

as restaurant cooking oil, and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers 

brew drinks if they are brewed off-site; coffee extract in ready-to-drink retail 

core principles are focused on the following: managing natural resources 

and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the 

products; and other locally sourced products containing coffee. 

responsibly, respecting people and communities, caring for the welfare of 

product’s ingredient statement. Includes all suppliers of products containing 

animals, ensuring the safety and quality of beef, and driving efficiency and 

palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned 

innovation to reduce waste and improve economic viability. These principles 

and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil. All palm 

allow for national and regional interpretation, given the significant variation 

oil volumes are required to be covered by Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

in production systems, legal frameworks, sociopolitical factors and climates 

Oil (RSPO) certification or credits. All RSPO supply chain models applicable 

that exist across the globe. Exclusions: Beef used as secondary ingredients in 

to RSPO are applicable to McDonald’s: RSPO Identity Preserved (IP), RSPO 

McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce. 

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although 

7  Fish: Fish refers to any type of fish species used as an ingredient in a 

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement. 

Wild-caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural 

bodies of water. Filet-O-Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing 

wild-caught fish. Verified sustainable sources refers to wild-caught fish, 

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical 

certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest 

volumes (IP, SG or MB). Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative 

used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products. This is when palm oil is 

used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, as an emulsifier. 

12  Fiber. Scope: Primary fiber-based packaging refers to products that are 

used to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants. This 

type of packaging includes containers, cups, wraps, bags for food, beverages, 

napkins, folding cartons, clamshells, wraps, food service bags, napkins, salad 

bowls, Happy Meal cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers. In 2021, the primary 

fiber-based packaging scope was expanded to include wood stirrers and 

cutlery, as well as paper straws and lids. Certified sources refer to suppliers 

of primary fiber-based packaging to the McDonald’s System that comply with 

the forest management and chain-of-custody certification requirements set 

out by one of the following third-party schemes: Forest Stewardship Council® 

(FSC®); Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC™) or 

PEFC-endorsed national systems including, for example, Sustainable Forestry 

sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System, from fisheries that are annually 

10  Soy (for chicken feed). Scope: Includes all soybean volume used in the feed 

Initiative® (SFI®), CSA Group (Canada) and Cerflor (Brazil). McDonald’s requires 

verified as compliant to the McDonald’s Sustainable Fisheries Standard 

of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the 

all wood fiber sourced from Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, 

by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships. Marine Stewardship Council 

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by 

Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC ®) 

(MSC) Certification is optional to McDonald’s markets. Fisheries may also 

the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken. Europe refers to Austria, 

certified or from an FSC-controlled wood source with full chain-of-custody 

be independently certified as meeting the MSC Principles and Criteria for 

Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, 

certification. Recycled sources refer to material that has been reprocessed 

Sustainable Fishing where a certificate of conformity to an MSC Standard 

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, 

from recovered (reclaimed) material by means of a manufacturing process and 

has been granted. Source: www.msc.org. McDonald’s may display the MSC 

Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 

made into a final product or into a component for incorporation into a product. 

certification logo in some of its markets, where fisheries and restaurants 

Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, 

Recycled material applies to plastics and fiber. Fiber-based packaging made 

are certified against the MSC Chain of Custody traceability standard. 

Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine. Given 

from 100% recycled sources must be third-party verified, unless certified under 

Scope: Includes all wild-caught fish sourced for Filet-O-Fish portions served 

the complexity of soy supply chains, we consider that, unless demonstrated, 

a chain-of-custody forest management standard. Source: ISO 14021:2016. 

in McDonald’s restaurants. Filet-O-Fish represents over 98% of the total fish 

all of McDonald’s sources of soy for chicken feed fall into high-deforestation 

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a 

volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight). Includes all suppliers of 

priority regions, with the exception of chicken sourced in North America, 

living source and that can be continually replenished. Renewable applies to 

wild-caught fish for Filet-O-Fish to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s 

where soy used in chicken feed is locally produced and considered low 

plastics only, not fiber. Source: ISO 14021:2016, for plastic, ASTM 6866 or ISO 

restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell 

risk. Exclusions: Soy used as an ingredient in McDonald’s products sold in 

16620-2. Third-party verification means that an independent accredited 

fish. Exclusions: Products that are not Filet-O-Fish containing wild-caught or 

restaurants, for example, soy oil. 

tuna, prawns, shrimp, salmon and calamari; other breaded products; and locally 

sourced products. The Company has set an expectation that these products are 

sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance 

measure given the local, and often promotional, nature of these items. 

11  Coffee. Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including 

decaffeinated coffee, used in espresso-based drinks and coffee brewed at 

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s 

branded retail products. Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s 

organization has reviewed the manufacturing process of a product and has 

determined that the final product complies with standards for the attributed 

claim. Credible third parties include professional auditing and certification 

bodies. Exclusions: Primary fiber-based packaging in food packaged off-site 

McDonald’s Restaurants, tray liners and limited locally sourced items 

System. Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

13  Please see McDonald’s Australia’s website for more information:  

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell coffee, and retail 

https://mcdonalds.com.au/our-impact/food-quality-sourcing. 

8 

In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our fish sourced from 

outlets selling McDonald’s branded coffee products. Sustainably sourced 

sustainably managed wild-caught fisheries. This was due to impacts on our 

refers to coffee sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System that complies 

supply chain from the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and McDonald’s 

with the requirements set out by one of the following third-party certification 

decision to exit the Russian market in 2022. This resulted in an increase of 

schemes as being either: Rainforest Alliance Certified (www.ra.org); UTZ 

fish sourced from fisheries whose Fishery Improvements Projects are not yet 

Certified (www.utz.org); Fair Trade USA Certified (www.fairtradecertified.org); 

compliant with our standards. Moving forward, we have plans in place to reduce 

Fairtrade International Certified (www.fairtrade.net), or sourced from an 

sourcing from non-compliant fisheries and will increase our supply of fish 

approved McCafé Sustainability Improvement Platform (SIP) program. 

14  These commitments apply to chicken raised for sale at McDonald’s restaurants 

in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Poland, 

South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. 

15  This goal focuses on Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, New 

Zealand, Poland, the U.K. and the U.S., which represented our top 10 beef 

sourcing countries and accounted for over 80% of our global beef supply chain 

sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have become available. 

McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from Honduras, Indonesia and Vietnam 

as of the end of 2022.

standards. We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to 

farmed fish. We estimate that these products represent less than 2% of the 

continue making supply chain improvements to meet our packaging sourcing 

total fish sourced by McDonald’s by weight and may include products such as 

which collectively represent over 80% of our global beef volumes, as of the 

9  Palm oil. Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel 

end of 2021. The Global Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB) aims to 

oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use 

to be Rainforest Alliance Certified. Exclusions: Coffee extracts and ingredients 

used in products such as frappés and coffee in baked goods; coffee in cold 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

17

16  Our major markets include the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina, the U.K., France, 

22  The December 2020 baseline data shows Underrepresented Groups make up 

Germany, Austria, Spain, Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, 

29% of leadership (Senior Director and above) roles. 

Mexico, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. While initially included 

in these 20 markets, Russia was removed in 2022 following business changes 

and our exit from this market. We subsequently incorporated Mexico into 

the goal scope, as Keybridge was already monitoring their progress and it 

allowed us to maintain tracking against 20 markets. 

17  The following countries are included in the 2022 analysis: U.S.A, Canada, 

France, Germany, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, 

Poland, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy and 

Portugal. In addition to these countries, descriptive analysis without statistical 

modeling has been conducted over the employees in the following countries: 

Singapore, Hong Kong, UAE (Dubai) and Ireland. These countries have been 

excluded from the statistical modeling due to insufficient headcount. 

23  Data includes U.S. paid employees only. All U.S. paid employees working in 

other markets are excluded. This data reflects U.S. employees who voluntarily 

disclosed race/ethnicity information. Due to rounding, some totals may not 

correspond with the sum of the separate figures. 

24  This figure includes supplier spending by all restaurants, whether operated by 

McDonald’s or by Franchisees. Further, this figure is inclusive of U.S. Company-

owned restaurant spend, supply chain, restaurant development, marketing, 

legal, global technology, workplace solutions, communication, finance, global 

people and other corporate functions. This figure also includes purchases 

made by Franchisees for advertising, restaurant development, technology, 

food, distribution, packaging, equipment and uniforms. This scope excludes 

noncontrollables (taxes, utilities, rent, aircraft fuel, airport fees, facility leases, 

18  Underrepresented Groups Pay Gap Analysis Results (U.S.): The analysis 

donations, bank fees and subscriptions). Our diverse-owned diversity spend 

is conducted on U.S. employees who voluntarily disclosed race/ethnicity 

figures in the U.S. includes both self-certified and formal industry-recognized 

information. 

19  The December 2020 baseline data shows women make up 37% of leadership 

(Senior Director and above) roles. 

20  2022 Data includes aggregate numbers from Australia, Austria, Belgium, 

Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, 

Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the U.K. and the U.S. Corporate 

employees who support our Development Licensees (DLs) are also included. 

Data was obtained through various means, including informal identification 

and voluntary self-disclosure. 

21  In the U.S., the term “Underrepresented Groups” generally means people who 

identify as Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, or otherwise as people 

of color, people of Hispanic or Latino/a/x descent, people with disabilities, 

people who identify as LGBTQ+, people from religious minorities or people 

having a combination of these identities or attributes. For purposes of 

McDonald’s reporting, including with respect to Human Capital Metrics and 

Equal Pay, “Underrepresented Groups” is defined as people who identify as 

Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, people of Hispanic or Latino/a/x 

descent, or people having a combination of these identities or attributes. 

certification and Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend. Tier 1 suppliers are those from whom 

McDonald’s buys directly. Tier 2 suppliers are those with whom our suppliers 

do business. FY2020 percent spend through the U.S. System with diverse-

owned suppliers was restated following update of diversity classification of 

two suppliers and evolved data practices around Tier 2 spend reporting and 

accounting for Supply Chain managed spend for equipment and operating 

supplies. 

25  Our goal continues to be to attain 25% U.S. systemwide spend with diverse-

owned suppliers by the end of 2025. Variance of systemwide spend with 

diverse-owned suppliers may occur in 2023 or 2024. 

26  This figure is based on actual and, in some cases, extrapolated hiring data 

for the following participating markets: Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, 

China, Colombia, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, 

Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. McDonald’s collects data from McOpCo and 

participating Franchisees but extrapolates where it does not have access to 

the underlying data globally. Additional markets that provide training data 

include and Argentina, Austria, Brazil, Colombia, Denmark, France, Germany, 

Italy, Jordan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

18

Our Planet 

We recognize that our 
success is inherently 
connected to the health of 
our shared natural resources, 
which are the essence of our 
agricultural supply chains. 
Therefore, we know we need 
to protect our planet and 
manage our impacts, so that 
we can continue to feed the 
communities we serve for 
generations to come. 

That is why we’re acting now to deliver on our 
climate ambitions, protect our global natural 
resources, increase renewable energy usage, 
reduce waste and transition to more sustainable 
packaging and toy materials. We have created 
a strategy that puts the planet first by joining 
the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, 
committing to achieve net zero emissions 
by 2050 and do our part to help keep global 
temperature increases below 1.5°C. 

IN THIS SECTION 

19  Climate Action   

22  Packaging, Toys & Waste 

26  Nature, Forests & Water 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
Introduction

Our Planet

Food Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

19

Climate Action 

Our 2021 Footprint 

Scope 1 
Sources of direct emissions  
(owned or controlled by the 
Company) from Company-
operated restaurants and 
offices only 

2021 GHG Emissions (Metric Tons) 
2021: 113,286 
2015 (Baseline): 162,958 
0.18% of total emissions 

Scope 2* 
Sources of indirect emissions 
(owned or controlled by the 
Company) from Company- 
operated restaurants and 
offices only 

2021 GHG Emissions (Metric Tons) 
2021: 469,236 
2015 (Baseline): 1,295,064 
0.8% of total emissions 
* Market-based 

Scope 3 
Sources of all other indirect 
emissions from Franchisee-
owned restaurants, waste from 
all restaurants, supply chain, 
transportation and logistics 

2021 GHG Emissions (Metric Tons) 
2021: 56,803,958 
2015 (Baseline): 49,802,177 
99.02% of total emissions

We are taking action on 
climate and transforming 
our food systems to be more 
resilient for the future ahead. 

Reducing emissions and adapting to 
climate change is critical to the success of 
the McDonald’s System. We work toward 
our climate action ambitions by focusing 
on reducing emissions in our restaurant 
operations, engaging suppliers to reduce 
emissions in supply chains, strengthening 
our business resilience and using our voice 
to advocate for collective transformation. 

In 2021, we committed to adapting our 
climate targets to help keep global 
temperature rises below 1.5°C. We intend to 
share an update on our climate journey later 
this year. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023Introduction

Our Planet

F
Food Quality & Sourcing
ood Quality & Sourcing

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment
Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment

Community Connection

SASB Index 

20

Our Strategy in Brief 

Climate change is one of the biggest challenges 
of our time. Natural disasters and extreme 
weather patterns pose significant risks to food 
supply resilience and to communities around the 
world, including those from which we operate 
and source. While acting on climate change is 
challenging and requires significant investment, 
it is critical to the strength of our business now 
and in the future. 

We have a unique opportunity as a global brand 
to mobilize the entire McDonald’s System – the 
Company, Franchisees, suppliers and producers 
– to catalyze change. With these partners, we 
are helping to improve our restaurants and food 
systems and create a better future. 

We have embedded our climate goals across 
our operations, and are prioritizing action in 
our most carbon-intensive areas, including 
restaurant energy, our supply chain, and 
packaging and waste. 

We continue to implement our strategy through: 

•  Measuring our energy impact using millions 

of climate tracking data points, sharing 
actionable data and benchmarking insights to 
inform development of our strategy. 

•  Collaborating to drive and advocate change 
by partnering with suppliers, Franchisees, 
industry, governments, NGOs and others 
on climate action initiatives. 

•  Implementing climate solutions in our 

supply chain through work with suppliers that 
strengthens regenerative agriculture practices 
to conserve our forests and reduce emissions. 

•  Accelerating circularity with packaging 
and waste strategy, which aims to reduce 
waste while reducing emissions across our 
operations and supply chain. 

•  Increasing energy efficiency in restaurants 
by designing and operating more sustainable 
restaurants, embracing practices that 
conserve energy, as well as increasing 
renewable energy use, with requirements set 
out in our Global Restaurant Standards (GRS). 

  Read more about our Climate Action strategy 
and our approach to responsible sourcing on 
our website. 

Our Climate Targets 
and Net Zero Pledge 

In 2018, we committed to reducing GHG 
emissions related to our restaurants and offices 
by 36% by the end of 2030 from a 2015 base 
year. We’re also targeting a 31% reduction in 
emissions intensity (per metric ton of food and 
packaging) across our supply chain. These 
science-based targets were approved by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2018, 
and we have continued to work toward them 
by collaborating with industries, governments, 
Franchisees, suppliers, consumers and 
local communities. 

In 2021, we joined the United Nations Race 
to Zero campaign, committing to net zero 
emissions by 2050. Through the SBTi Business 
Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, we are also in the 
process of adapting our interim 2030 climate 
targets to help keep global temperature rises 
below 1.5°C. 

Our Comprehensive Disclosure 
on Climate Action

 2021 Climate Risk & Resiliency Summary  
(PDF – 3.82 MB) 

 McDonald’s 2022 CDP Climate Change 
(PDF – 828 KB) 

Collaborations to Advance 
Our Strategy 

We are frequently engaging with industry 
groups focused on developing tools and best 
practices for addressing climate change. In 
2022, we were part of the SBTi Forest, Land and 
Agriculture (FLAG) project consultative group, 
which provided expert advice and direction for 
companies in land-intensive sectors, including 
developing guidance to ensure robust, clear and 
practical target-setting. 

As part of the C-Sequ Working Group, we helped 
develop a clear methodology to account for 
carbon sequestration in life cycle analysis (LCA) 
calculations. We also supported the work of the 
GWP* Group, helping to assess and model its 
methodology to better understand the warming 
impact of methane.

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

21

Additionally, we continue to collaborate with 
suppliers, encouraging more of them to set 
climate targets and implement strategies for 
reducing emissions intensity, tailored to their 
own supply chains. 

Sustainable Building Innovation 

In 2022, McDonald’s China opened its first 
restaurant to receive LEED (Leadership in Energy 
and Environmental Design) Zero Carbon® 
certification and Zero certification for net zero 
energy – a Drive-Thru restaurant in Shougang 
Park. The site features more than 2,000 m2 
of on-site solar panels that are expected to 
generate approximately 330,000 kWh annually 
– enough to cover the site’s daily operational 
power needs. 

The restaurant is expected to become the 
first in the industry to meet dual LEED Zero 
Carbon Emission and Zero Energy Consumption 
standards in China and the wider Asia Pacific 
region. McDonald’s China has also developed 
an action plan to promote more sustainable 
restaurants. Through the plan, a total of 
1,800 restaurants meeting LEED certification 
standards for Interior Design and Construction 
were opened by the end of 2022. 

McDonald’s UK & Ireland seeks to achieve net 
zero emissions for all market restaurants and 
offices by 2040. To achieve this, the market 
leveraged its first LEED Net Zero standards 
restaurant, in Market Drayton, as a blueprint for 
future new-build restaurants. The restaurant, 
launched as a testing ground for sustainable 

developments, was the first restaurant built 
to the UK Green Building Council (UKGBC) 
Net Zero Standard for operational energy and 
embodied carbon construction. The market has 
now opened a second net zero restaurant in 
Louth, Lincolnshire. 

In Chicago, our flagship restaurant has similarly 
served as a testing hub for sustainable solutions 
that could be applied to other locations, such 
as LED lighting fixtures and more efficient 
kitchen equipment solutions. After two years 
in operation, our Chicago flagship restaurant 
was the first McDonald’s to receive LEED 
Platinum certification. 

Advancing Regenerative 
Agriculture 

As well as designing our sites to be more 
sustainable, we’re working with our suppliers and 
farmers across the world to scale regenerative 
farming practices that can improve productivity, 
build resiliency to a changing climate and 
conserve the forests and natural ecosystems we 
all depend on. 

Read more about our approach to 
regenerative agriculture on page 39 and 
on our Responsible Sourcing web page. 

Next Steps 

We continue to progress toward net zero 
emissions globally by 2050, transforming our 
business to be more resilient. During 2022, we 
added two large-scale U.S. VPPAs to contribute 
more renewable energy to the grid. 

As the U.S.-based projects for which contracts 
were executed between 2019–2023 continue 
coming online over the next few years, the 
energy generated is expected to be equivalent to 
more than 11,700 restaurants’ worth of electricity 
and is expected to contribute to a 33% reduction 
in GHG emissions from our global 2015 baseline. 

While this represents the impact of our 
contracted projects, the landscape of the 
renewable energy industry continues to 
experience supply chain issues and other 
headwinds and we also recognize that the 
impact from some contracted projects in the 
portfolio could be replaced with other future 
projects. We continue to monitor the progress 
of all projects to ensure they meet our selection 
criteria as we make progress toward our 
climate targets. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

22

Packaging, Toys & Waste 

We are accelerating solutions 
that help reduce waste while 
also transitioning to more 
sustainable packaging and 
toy materials. 

It is our vision that packaging and materials 
do not end up as waste in the environment. 
Our packaging, toys and waste strategies 
help keep communities clean, protect the 
planet for future generations and support 
our long-term business resilience. 

Our Recent 
Packaging Innovations 

For years, a key pillar of our strategy has been to 
reduce the materials we use by lightweighting and 
optimizing our packaging. We are accelerating our 
progress to reduce materials across our portfolio, 
redesigning some of our most iconic products to 
eliminate unnecessary packaging and increase 
opportunities for recovery. 

Paper straws 
and wooden cutlery 
have been deployed in 
50 markets. 

Transition to 
molded fiber technology 
is progressing across the 
European region – with 
priority given to legislated 
markets – for cold lids, hot 
lids and sundae cup and 
lid packaging. 

Pressed paper 
cutlery alternatives to 
plastic being launched 
across the U.K. and 
Ireland with more 
to come as supply 
chains develop. 

Wooden stirrers 
are now deployed in 
many markets across 
the globe with the 
remaining markets to 
complete transition 
in 2023. 

Reusable packaging 
has been tested across 
multiple markets. 

97.2% of fiber-based primary guest 
packaging globally is already from 
recycled or certified sources. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

23

Our Strategy in Brief 

We’re committed to advancing a circular 
economy – keeping materials in use rather than 
relying on new ones. To help us achieve this, 
we’re investing in strategic partnerships to help 
address systemic challenges such as recycling 
infrastructure, demand for recycled content and 
development of new materials. 

The Five Focus Areas 
of Our Strategy 

1  Eliminating unnecessary packaging and 

streamlining materials for easier recovery 
in addition to innovating new materials, testing 
reusable solutions and creating opportunities 
for behavior change to reduce usage. 

2  Transitioning away from virgin fossil 

fuel-based plastics in our primary guest 
packaging to 100% renewable, recycled or 
certified sources27 by the end of 2025 and to 
drastically reduce plastics and transition to 
more sustainable materials in our Happy Meal 
toys around the globe. 

3  Increasing the use of recycled materials 
throughout our System to drive global 
demand for recycled content – including 
in packaging, toys and design materials for 
restaurants and facilities. 

4  Advancing a circular economy through the 
implementation of many tools to improve 
recycling and repurposing of materials, 
making it easier for customers to recycle 
where infrastructure exists and reduce the 
waste coming out of our restaurants. 

5  Partnering to increase the scale and 

impact of a circular economy approach 
to packaging and waste. By engaging 
in strategic partnerships with brands 
and NGOs, we can increase adoption of 
circularity across our industry. 

Our Performance 

Many Markets, One 
McDonald’s System 

As a global company operating in over 100 
markets, there is no “one size fits all” when it 
comes to packaging and recycling solutions. 
Local waste infrastructure and customer 
preferences make each market unique. That’s 
why local pilots are so important to identify 
sustainable packaging solutions. 

We track progress against our goals through 
supplier and restaurant reports on packaging 
composition, usage and waste. As we continue 
to enhance our methodology and data quality, 
we can expect annual progress figures to adjust 
in future reporting cycles. 

Goal: We aim to source 100% of our 
primary guest packaging27 from 
renewable, recycled or certified 
materials by the end of 2025. 

Progress: By the end of 2022, we were 
approximately 81.0% of the way toward our 
goal of sourcing 100% of our primary guest 
packaging from renewable, recycled or 
certified materials.28 Approximately 97.2% of 
our primary fiber-based guest packaging was 
sourced from recycled or certified sources 
in 2022. Non-structural components of 
packaging29 are out of scope. 

We are making significant progress eliminating 
unnecessary packaging and transitioning to 
more sustainable materials. This is dependent 
upon reinventing our packaging in a way that 
continues to meet the needs of our customers 
and our business and working with suppliers 
to build supply chains. We are reducing plastic 
use by redesigning items such as switching to 
paper-based straws, deploying new McFlurry 
cups without plastic lids and introducing salad 
boxes and cutlery made from renewable fiber. As 
we strive to meet our global goal, we are working 
with our suppliers to test new technologies that 
can scale globally. For example, we advanced 
innovative molded fiber technologies to replace 
plastic lids and sundae ice cream cups. We 
are deploying these renewable molded fiber 
solutions across Europe and in other markets 
around the world. 

Specifically, as it relates to developing 
alternatives for packaging liners, we are making 
investments in the technology and supply 
chain capabilities and collaborating with our 
suppliers to do so – however, the timeframe set 
for progress is dependent upon our ability to test 
and deploy at global scale, which continues to 
be a challenge. We remain committed to finding 
a solution now and in the future, toward our 
goals and for the industry, while monitoring local 
regulatory requirements.  

We continue to focus on reducing virgin fossil-
based plastics for small items such as straws, 
cutlery and stirrers. In addition to fiber-based 
alternatives that are available in the EU markets, 
we are now using paper straws in Canada, 
Australia, New Zealand and South Korea. Further 
markets, including Hong Kong, the Philippines, 
Singapore and Japan, are transitioning to paper 
straws in 2023. Fiber-based cutlery is being used 
in EU member states, the U.K., Australia, New 
Zealand, Hong Kong and Canada. The remaining 
global markets are expected to transition to 
fiber-based cutlery by end of 2025. Wooden 
stirrers are now deployed in all markets globally, 
with the exception of the Middle East, South 
Africa and Vietnam, where this transition is 
planned for 2023. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

24

In addition, McDonald’s launched 30 oz clear 
cups that contribute to sourcing of recycled and 
bio-based mass balance materials across the 
U.S. market in 2022 following a successful pilot, 
and plans to continue rolling out additional sizes 
and lids throughout 2023 and 2024. 

Further improvements were made on plastic 
cutlery alternatives, with pressed paper 
options being launched in the U.K. and Ireland. 
This compostable alternative is made from 
responsibly managed materials and can be 
disposed of in paper recycling bins. This has 
contributed to a reduction of 250 metric tons of 
plastic annually. 

In Hong Kong, McDonald’s restaurants and 
McCafé stores are phasing out plastic cutlery 
and accompanying bags in favor of wooden 
forks, spoons and knives. The ultimate impact 
of this initiative will be to reduce consumption 
of approximately 90 million pieces of plastic 
per year. We are deploying wooden alternatives 
to plastic cutlery in several other markets, 
including in Australia, Europe, China and India. 
This has led to a reduction of over 4,000 metric 
tons of plastic annually. 

Percentage of Primary Guest Packaging 
Sourced from Renewable, Recycled or 
Certified Sources by Material 

Percentage of primary guest packaging from 
renewable, recycled or certified sources. 

Percentage of fiber-based primary guest packaging 
sourced from recycled or certified sources. 

2022 

81.0% 

97.2% 

We’re also reducing the amount of packaging 
materials our products use. For example, by 
switching to fiber wraps instead of paperboard 
cartons, McDonald’s Netherlands has saved 
500 metric tons of packaging. Germany, 
France and the Netherlands transitioned 
from clamshells to paper wraps and bags for 
select menu items, eliminating approximately 
7,000 metric tons of packaging annually. 

Preparation for a shift to reusable tableware is 
under way across many markets. We continue 
to evaluate and consider the role reusables 
can play in our restaurants around the world, 
alongside other circularity solutions. 

Goal: Drastically reduce plastics in 
Happy Meal toys around the globe 
and transition to more sustainable 
materials by the end of 2025.30 

Progress: By the end of 2022, we reduced 
virgin fossil fuel-based plastic in Happy Meal 
toys by 47.8%, an improvement from the 24.4% 
achieved in 2021. We continue to work on 
sourcing materials used in Happy Meal toys 
from renewable, recycled or certified sources. 

Achieving this goal is expected to result in an 
approximately 90% reduction in virgin fossil 
fuel-based plastic used to make Happy Meal 
toys. We have also been increasing the use 
of more sustainable plastics, decreasing our 
dependence on virgin resources. 

Throughout 2022, we saw many markets 
run paper-only programs, including an Arts 
and Crafts execution with Teen Titans Go! 
Additionally, several executions used renewable 
plastics, including a Hot Wheels™ Monster Truck 
blending Green PE (bio-based polyethylene 
produced from renewable raw material sugar 
cane) chassis and wheels, with a paper body 
and packaging. 

Goal: We aim to implement global and 
local solutions across our business 
to advance the reduction, reuse or 
recycling of guest packaging, and help 
create demand for recycled materials 
by the end of 2025. 

Progress: In 2022, more than 85.1%, of 
restaurants in markets with advanced 
infrastructure31 offered guests the 
opportunity to recycle packaging items. 
In these restaurants, guest packaging is 
collected in customer-facing recycling 
bins for back-of-house or off-site sorting 
and recycling utilizing existing local waste 
infrastructure systems. 

Across the globe, waste and recycling 
infrastructure differs heavily. Some of our 
markets are operating within advanced 
infrastructures and others where infrastructure 
is still developing. In markets where recycling 
infrastructure is a challenge, we’re focusing 
on addressing systemic constraints through 
partnerships and informing local recycling policy. 

In many markets globally, we are managing 
packaging waste through recycling our fiber-
based packaging. Over 7,000 restaurants in 
Europe offer customers the opportunity to 
recycle guest packaging, and the recycling of 
used cooking oil, cardboard and food waste from 
our kitchens is standard operating procedure. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

25

Goal: Ensure all primary guest 
packaging is free from added 
fluorinated compounds by the end 
of 2025.32 

Progress: By the end of 2022, 96% of our 
guest packaging items did not contain 
added fluorinated compounds. For the 
remaining items, we continue to find and 
apply alternative coating materials that 
offer the right grease-resistant barriers. 
In the U.S., we have removed all intentionally 
added fluorinated compounds from our 
guest packaging. 

McDonald’s packaging materials comply with 
state, federal and national-level laws and 
regulations, including the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) and EU, and are verified 
through chemical testing. 

Meeting Customer Expectations of 
Convenience, Safety and Sustainability 

Hygiene and safety are at the forefront of 
customers’ minds, and we strive to ensure they 
are balanced with long-term sustainability. 

Visit our Food Safety web page to learn 
more about our commitment to food safety 
and sustainability. 

Partnering to Increase Scale 
of Solutions 

Exploring the role of 
Reusable Packaging 

Addressing circularity is not a challenge we 
can tackle alone. To help drive change at scale, 
we are engaging with the wider business 
community, NGO partners, political stakeholders 
and academics, as well as our Franchisees, 
suppliers, customers and restaurant crew. 

In 2022, Closed Loop Partners’ NextGen 
Consortium, of which we are a founding partner, 
continued to play a leading role in increasing 
recycling access in the U.S. for paper and 
plastic single-use foodservice packaging, 
through collaborations with partners from 
across various industry bodies, NGOs and 
communities. We are also a Principal Member of 
ReSource: Plastic, World Wildlife Fund’s (WWF) 
platform for translating large-scale corporate 
commitments into measurable progress on 
plastic waste reduction. 

In recent years, we have been exploring the 
potential role and impact of implementing 
reusable packaging in McDonald’s restaurants. 
While reusables may have the potential to be 
one solution among others to drive circularity, 
additional solutions, such as recycling, recovery 
and reduction, must continue to be part of an 
overall waste reduction strategy. We know that 
advancing a more circular economy is not a one-
size-fits-all approach, and we remain committed 
to doing our part to advance the most practical 
solutions for our industry. 

In a number of markets we have tested and 
implemented reusable packaging systems – 
most recently in France, Germany and 
Luxembourg to meet legislative requirements. 
We are still learning about the benefits 
and potential unintended environmental 
consequences of reuse systems in our industry. 

For example, a switch to reusable packaging 
means transitioning from primarily certified and 
renewable fiber to a rigid plastic to ensure the 
item can be washed repeatedly and be durable 
for the volume of customers we serve. 

Reusables could result in more plastic waste if 
reusable items are not returned or reused a high 
volume of times. Reusables require washing, 
which means we need to continue measuring 
the water and energy used for washing and the 
impact on GHG emissions. We believe more 
time is required to test and understand the 
environmental, economic and food safety impacts 
of reusable food packaging before scaling. 

While we continue to explore the impact of 
reusables on our business and the environment, 
we remain focused on our existing goals to 
advance the reduction and recycling of guest 
packaging and improve the sustainability of the 
packaging materials we source. 

Tackling Food Waste 

McDonald’s has developed a system to minimize 
supply chain food waste using a hierarchy 
adapted from the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency’s (EPA) Food Recovery Hierarchy. Our 
approach is supported by our Global Food 
Disposition Policy to help eradicate food waste in 
restaurants and supply chain facilities. 

In 2022, McDonald’s USA and its suppliers in the 
U.S. donated over 1.6 million pounds of food and 
paper combined from suppliers and distribution 
centers – worth more than $3.4 million – to 
support local U.S. food banks and communities. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

26

Nature, Forests & Water 

We’re taking a holistic 
approach to protecting 
natural resources, the 
communities that rely on 
them and the future of 
our business. 

We aim to help manage nature-related risks 
and build resilience by working with farmers 
to preserve and regenerate nature, and 
support biodiversity. 

Water is also a critical resource at every 
step of our value chain, from supplier 
processes to our restaurant and office 
operations. These issues are closely 
connected to our work in climate action, 
responsible sourcing and human rights. 

The Primary Commodities 
We Source 

Natural resources – like healthy soils, grasslands 
and forests – are particularly important to the 
farming systems and communities that produce 
food for our menu. We prioritize specific 
requirements in certain regions and countries 
based on our definitions of low and high priority 
regions as related to deforestation risk, taking 
into account supply chain data and trends. 

See our Definitions of Deforestation section 
for more details on how these are defined. 

Beef 
McDonald’s requires that all 
the beef we source meets 
the requirements of our 
Deforestation-Free Beef 
Procurement Policy and 
Commitment on Forests.33 

Soy (for Chicken Feed) 
We require all soy for chicken 
feed to be sourced from low 
priority regions or, if from high 
priority regions, to support 
responsible soy production. 34 

PLACEHOLDER 

PLACEHOLDER 

PLACEHOLDER 

Palm Oil 
Palm oil sourced for McDonald’s 
restaurants or as an ingredient 
in McDonald’s products must 
meet the requirements of 
Roundtable on Sustainable 
Palm Oil (RSPO) certification. 35 

Coffee 
McDonald’s requires coffee 
sourced from Honduras, 
Indonesia and Vietnam 
to be Rainforest Alliance 
Certified™36 because they 
have been identified as 
high-deforestation regions. 

Fiber Used in Primary 
Guest Packaging 
McDonald’s requires that our 
primary fiber supply is sourced 
from Forest Stewardship Council® 
(FSC ®) certified or FSC-controlled 
wood sources, with full chain of custody 
certification in countries identified as 
high priority regions for fiber.37 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

27

Our Strategy in Brief 

McDonald’s has been on a journey to help 
support sustainable food production and forest 
conservation for more than three decades. 
We’re also taking action to help prevent forest 
clearances, protect biodiversity, reduce our 
carbon footprint and respect human rights. 

To adapt our value chain to – and mitigate 
against – climate change, we prepare for 
climatic events that could impact the natural 
resources we depend on, as well as transition 
risks associated with the shift to a low-carbon 
economy. Our targets for climate action take 
into account estimated emissions from land use 
change – such as deforestation for farmland – 
which are modeled using our climate impact 
tracking system. We embed water stewardship 
practices in our sourcing requirements and 
restaurant operational practices, and support 
projects across the world that safeguard nature. 

Nature-based solutions are actions to protect, 
sustainably manage and restore natural or 
modified ecosystems that address societal 
challenges effectively and adaptively, 
simultaneously providing human well-being 
and biodiversity benefits. Using nature-based 
solutions helps us to continue reducing our 
environmental impact related to climate and 
controlling the level of deforestation in our 
primary commodity chains. We are bringing 
together innovative forest and climate 

measurement systems to better assess the 
positive impact of forest conservation in our 
supply chains and advance more planet-
friendly processes. 

We also encourage others to do their part 
and to drive industry action at scale through 
our memberships in collaborative groups 
like the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), the 
Forest Positive Coalition, the WWF Climate 
Business Network and the GHG Protocol Land 
Based Accounting group, as well as our work 
in international bodies such as the Global 
Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB), and 
local bodies. These practices contribute to more 
resilient food systems and communities, and a 
more sustainable global economy. 

See our website for a more detailed focus 
on our forests, nature and biodiversity and 
water strategies. 

Definitions of Deforestation 

•  Eliminate Deforestation refers to McDonald’s 
global pledge to tackle deforestation, and all 
of the social and environmental criteria in our 
Commitment on Forests in our agricultural 
and forestry supply chains. We use the term 
“supporting deforestation-free supply chains” 
below to more accurately reflect the actions 
we are currently taking to implement, measure 
and report progress toward our Commitment 
on Forests. 

•  Deforestation refers to the loss of natural 

forest as a result of conversion to agriculture 
or other non-forest land use; conversion to 
a plantation forest; or severe and sustained 
degradation as aligned with the definitions of 
Accountability Framework initiative (Afi). 

•  High priority regions are defined as countries, 
biomes, municipalities, postcodes or farms/
plantations that are identified as areas where 
deforestation occurs or is projected to occur 
as determined through regular assessments 
that rely on the latest supply chain data and 
trends. McDonald’s assesses this risk annually 
with third parties, including WWF, to take 
into account the latest supply chain data 
and trends. 

•  Low priority regions refers to countries, 

biomes, municipalities, postcodes or farms/
plantations that are classified as no or low 
risk of deforestation, as determined through 
regular assessments that rely on the latest 
supply chain data and trends. McDonald’s 
assesses this risk annually with third parties, 
including WWF, to take into account the latest 
supply chain data and trends. 

•  Supporting deforestation-free supply 

chains refers to commodities in our supply 
chains that are either sourced sustainably 
from high priority regions and comply with the 
certification or verification schemes as set out 
below, or are sourced from low priority regions 
as above. 

Our Performance 

Goal: Eliminate deforestation from 
our global supply chains by the end of 
2030, building on the progress from 
our 2020 milestones in highest priority 
commodities and regions. 

When we set this commitment in 2015, we 
prioritized action and measurement with public 
milestones for 2020 for the products we use in 
the greatest volumes and with the potential to 
have the greatest impact on forests. We continue 
our focus on supporting deforestation-free 
supply chains for our primary commodities, such 
as beef, soy (for chicken feed), palm oil, coffee 
and fiber (used in primary guest packaging). 

Progress: In aggregate, over 99.0% of these 
primary commodities continued to be sourced 
supporting deforestation-free supply chains 
in 2022.38 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

28

Supporting Deforestation-
Free Supply Chains for Primary 
Commodities 

To achieve our goal of eliminating deforestation 
from our global supply chain by the end of 2030, 
we are partnering globally with WWF, Proforest 
and industry groups to multiply positive impact. 
We are also engaging with suppliers on bespoke 
plans and enhanced data reporting to mitigate 
future risks. 

Percentage of Commodities Sourced in 2022 
Supporting Deforestation-Free Supply Chains 

Beef sourced for McDonald’s products33 

Soy sourced for chicken feed for 
McDonald’s products34 

Palm oil sourced for McDonald’s restaurants and 
used as an ingredient in McDonald’s products35 

Coffee sourced for McDonald’s restaurants36 

Fiber for primary guest packaging at 
McDonald’s restaurants37 

98.5% 

100% 

100% 

99.9% 

98.7% 

We reviewed our soy footprint by volume 
with Proforest and worked with 3Keel to 
understand our area-based footprint for priority 
commodities. Our volumes of physical RSPO 
certified palm oils increased from 13% in 2016 to 
74.5% in 2022 (25.6% Segregated, 48.9% Mass 
Balance), with the remaining 25.5% as RSPO 
Book and Claim Credits. 

In 2022, we joined the CGF’s Forest Positive 
Coalition. The coalition is a multi-company 
initiative to stop commodity-driven 
deforestation and address global climate change 
issues across consumer goods manufacturers 
and retailers. As part of this membership, 
McDonald’s will be publicly reporting on an 
agreed set of key performance indicators 
(KPIs) to maintain ongoing transparency 
and accountability. 

Read more detail in our Consumer Goods 
Forum’s Forest Positive Coalition 2022 Report 
(PDF– 197KB). 

Our Progress to Protecting 
Nature, Forests & Water 

McDonald’s is committed to working together 
with stakeholders and supply chain actors to 
directly support development and improvement 
of sustainable palm oil production. As such, 
we are committed to the delivery of NDPE (no 
deforestation, no expansion on peat and no 
exploitation) in palm oil production. 

We recently engaged with one of our major 
palm oil suppliers, Wilmar, on a series of projects 
to improve transparency and sustainability 
outcomes for our palm oil supply chain, 
alongside our joint partners in Proforest. 
Through this collaboration, we have been 
engaged in the development of the NDPE 
Implementation Reporting Framework (IRF), 

building on progress made to date to provide 
an overview of progress for all palm oil mills 
supporting a refinery. Our work will drive greater 
improvement in NDPE IRF Deforestation and 
Peat profiles as well as Land and Labor profiles 
within our supply chains, including greater 
engagement with smallholders to help improve 
traceability and sustainability outcomes. 

McDonald’s has also collaborated with a 
palm oil sustainable landscape initiative in 
Indonesia named Sustain Kutim. This initiative 
takes a holistic approach to reaching NDPE 
commitments, supporting both district 
government and local communities to monitor 
and manage community forests, improve 
agricultural practices and support livelihoods. 

In 2021, we conducted water efficiency pilots 
across 19 restaurants in Southern California. Post-
implementation analysis of some restaurants 
resulted in roughly a 30% reduction in water use 
and annualized savings of 3.7 million gallons 
through various retrofits and maintenance 
measures. Building on this success, an additional 
34 stores were surveyed in 2022. 

McDonald’s France encourages good 
environmental practices through EcoProgress, 
a sustainability management platform. 
EcoProgress includes 15 practices focusing on 
water management, such as improving flush 
efficiency and waterless urinals. Restaurants 
are also encouraged to report and analyze their 

monthly water consumption, then create action 
plans to improve their consumption using a 
dashboard provided. 

To date, we have invested in several initiatives 
that boost sustainable, regenerative agriculture, 
including the following in 2022: 

•  We are partnering with Tyson Foods on the 
row crop portion of Tyson Foods’ Climate 
Smart Commodities Grant Project and plan to 
commit $10 million in funding over five years. 
At scale, this program aims to cover 2 million 
acres of crop land, some of which will be used 
to feed Tyson Foods’ chickens in the U.S., 
including those entering the McDonald’s U.S. 
supply chain through 2030. If successful, the 
Climate Smart Commodities Grant Project also 
aims to reduce 170,000 metric tons of CO2e 
annually by year five of the program. 

•  In early 2022, we launched a regenerative 
agriculture program that aims to involve 
60 wheat farmers in France, with the goal 
of planting 230,000 trees within 150 km of 
hedges by the end of 2030. Working with 
partner specialists, including the Earthworm 
Foundation and French organizations Agroof 
and Icosysteme, the pilot project will work with 
two cooperatives and McDonald’s France’s 
buns supplier, and will last at least three years. 

For more on our approach and progress 
toward regenerative agriculture see page 39 
and our Responsible Sourcing web page. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

29

Notes 

27  Packaging: Scope: Inclusive of all markets for our fiber-based guest packaging 

and Happy Meal book and toy packaging. For our plastic-based packaging, 

all markets are included except for Israel, Latin America, Turkey and Thailand. 

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a 

living source and that can be continually replenished. Renewable applies 

to plastics only, not fiber. Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or 

ISO 16620-2. Fiber-based packaging made from 100% recycled sources 

must be third-party verified, unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest 

Management standard. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from 

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam 

to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood 

sources with full chain of custody certification. Perfluorinated compounds are 

will be much higher. The remaining 40% may be conventional fossil fuel-based 

33  Beef. Scope: Includes all beef suppliers to the McDonald’s System and their 

36  Coffee. Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including 

material. These thresholds were developed in conjunction with input from 

raw material suppliers globally and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

decaffeinated coffee, used in espresso-based drinks and coffee brewed at 

NGOs, external manufacturing partners and scientists, and based on an 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef. McDonald’s 

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s 

assessment of sustainable toy and packaging industry leaders so that our 

requires all beef raw material sourced from high-deforestation priority regions 

branded retail products. Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s 

targets reflected current sustainable engineering capabilities to maintain 

to comply with McDonald’s Deforestation-Free Beef Procurement Policy and 

System. Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

safety and functionality. Our efforts will result in an approximate 90% reduction 

meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests. 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell coffee, and retail 

in virgin fossil fuel-based plastic use against a 2018 baseline. Fiber-based 

Countries with regions currently identified as high priority for beef include 

outlets selling McDonald’s-branded coffee products. Countries with regions 

packaging made from 100% recycled sources must be third-party verified, 

Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina and Australia. Exclusions: Beef used as secondary 

currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for coffee include 

unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest Management standard. 

ingredients in McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce. 

Honduras, Indonesia and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from 

Source: ISO 14021:2016. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from 

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam 

to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood 

sources with full chain of custody certification. The thresholds described 

above do not include the presence of adhesives, glues, inks, paints and 

34  Soy (for chicken feed). Scope: Includes all soybean volume used in the feed 

of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the 

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by 

the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken. Europe refers to Austria, 

these regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified. Exclusions: Coffee extracts 

and ingredients used in products such as frappés and coffee in baked goods; 

coffee in cold brew drinks if they are brewed off-site; coffee extract in ready-to-

drink retail products; and other locally sourced products containing coffee. 

known to be historically persistent in the environment. McDonald’s commits 

coatings. 

Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, 

37  Fiber. Scope: Primary fiber-based packaging refers to products that are used 

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, 

to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants. This type of 

to not intentionally adding fluorinated compounds through our processes, 

but fluorinated compounds present in the local environment make it difficult 

to remove all traces of fluorine from packaging. Please refer to our Nature, 

Forests & Water web page for additional definitions. Exclusions: Primary fiber-

based packaging in food packaged off-site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray 

liners and limited locally sourced items. 

28  In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our primary guest packaging 

sourced from renewable, recycled or certified materials as compared to 2021 

due to deployment of packaging materials not yet compliant with our goal 

standards. We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to 

continue making supply chain improvements to meet our packaging sourcing 

standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal. 

29  Non-structural components of packaging vary based on the packaging 

but may include adhesives, inks, overprints, varnishes, retention agents or 

binders, processing aids, impact modifiers, nucleating and clarifying agents. 

We continue to monitor industry standards on these components and 

opportunities to work toward making any part of our packaging, including non-

structural components, more sustainable. 

30  Toys: Scope: Inclusive of all toys. Fiber-based toys or fiber components in the 

toys: 100% certified fiber required. All other materials: McDonald’s ambition is 

to reduce the use of virgin fossil fuel-based plastics, offer sustainable toys by 

the end of 2025 and not manufacture electronics and batteries in Happy Meal 

toys globally. For bio- and plant-based plastics to be considered sustainable 

for McDonald’s, a minimum of 60% of plastic weight is required to come from 

recycled or renewable content or a combination of recycled and renewable 

content, though in many practical applications we anticipate that percentage 

31  Markets with advanced infrastructure: Mature waste and recycling 

Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 

packaging includes containers, cups, wraps, bags for food, beverages, napkins, 

infrastructure at a national level that has (1) recycling infrastructure network 

Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, 

folding cartons, clamshells, food service bags, napkins, salad bowls, Happy 

across the entire market, (2) multiple materials being recycled within this 

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine. Countries with 

Meal cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers. Includes all suppliers of primary-

national infrastructure network, (3) existing legislation on recycling and (4) high 

regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for soy 

based packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants 

customer awareness of waste and recycling. At the end of 2022, that included 

include Argentina (Chaco biome), Brazil (Amazon and Cerrado biomes) and 

owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees. In 2021, the primary 

21 markets where McDonald’s operates. 

Paraguay (Chaco biome). Given the complexity of soy supply chains, we 

fiber-based packaging scope was expanded to include plastic alternatives 

32  Fluorinated compounds. Scope: Inclusive of all markets except for Israel, 

Latin America, Turkey and Thailand, and Happy Meal book and toy packaging. 

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a 

living source and that can be continually replenished. Renewable applies 

to plastics only, not fiber. Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or 

consider that, unless demonstrated, all of McDonald’s sources of soy for 

such as wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids. This broadened 

chicken feed fall into high-deforestation priority regions, with the exception 

scope has resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance. All volumes of 

of chicken sourced in North America where soy used in chicken feed is locally 

contingency items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but 

produced and considered low risk. Exclusions: Soy used as an ingredient in 

not integrated into our data reporting system were counted as non-compliant. 

McDonald’s products sold in restaurants, for example, soy oil. 

Countries with regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority 

ISO 16620-2. Fiber-based packaging made from 100% recycled sources must 

35  Palm oil. Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel 

be third-party verified, unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest 

oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use 

Management standard. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from 

as restaurant cooking oil and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers 

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam 

and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the 

to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood 

product’s ingredient statement. Includes all suppliers of products containing 

sources with full chain of custody certification. Perfluorinated compounds are 

palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

regions for fiber include Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, 

Russia and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from these 

regions to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled 

wood sources with full chain of custody certification. Exclusions: Primary 

fiber-based packaging in food packaged off-site McDonald’s restaurants; tray 

liners, straws and limited locally sourced items. 

known to be historically persistent in the environment. McDonald’s commits 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil. All countries 

38  Calculated as the aggregated volumes of beef, soy sourced for chicken feed, 

to not intentionally adding fluorinated compounds through our processes, 

are currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for palm oil and 

palm oil, coffee and primary fiber-based guest packaging that are supporting 

but fluorinated compounds present in the local environment make it difficult 

all volumes are required to be covered by Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

deforestation-free supply chains, as a percentage of the aggregated total 

to remove all traces of fluorine from packaging. Please refer to our Nature, 

Oil (RSPO) certification or credits. All RSPO supply chain models applicable 

volumes sourced of these commodities. 

Forests & Water web page for additional definitions. Exclusions: Primary fiber-

to RSPO are applicable to McDonald’s: RSPO Identity Preserved (IP), RSPO 

based packaging in food packaged off-site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray 

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although 

liners and limited locally sourced items. The following geographies have been 

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical 

removed from the calculation (Israel, LATAM, Turkey and Thailand) as they are 

certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest 

not centrally managed markets. 

volumes (IP, SG or MB). Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative 

used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products. This is when palm oil is 

used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

30

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Animal health and welfare is also a central 
focus of our sustainability strategy. By providing 
quality food, sustainable ingredient sourcing 
and varied menu choices, we can help ensure 
the continued well-being of generations far into 
the future. 

At McDonald’s, we know 
that a better future cannot 
be achieved without 
making safe, sustainably 
sourced meals accessible 
globally. We recognize that 
food production can have 
significant impacts. That’s 
why we’re increasingly 
sourcing our ingredients from 
deforestation-free supply 
chains and sustainable, 
recycled or certified sources. 

IN THIS SECTION 

31  Food Safety 

34  Nutrition & Marketing Practices 

38  Responsible Sourcing 

41  Animal Health & Welfare and Responsible Antibiotic Use 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

31

Food Safety 

Serving safe and quality 
food in every market, each 
and every day, is our top 
priority and a long-standing 
commitment at McDonald’s. 

Strict food safety standards and protocols 
are embedded in everything we do, 
from food sourcing, menu development, 
packaging and distribution to the running 
of our restaurants. We are embracing 
technology and working closely with our 
suppliers and expert partners to improve 
efficiency and reduce risks. Committed 
to lead, we share our knowledge internally 
through training and externally with 
our peers. 

Food Safety From Start to Finish 

Ensuring product traceability from ingredient to restaurant is a key step in 
McDonald’s food safety protocols. To achieve this, we work closely with our 
suppliers, through standards like the Supplier Quality Management System 
(SQMS) and our Distributor Quality Management Process. 

1,000 farmers 
globally are 
certified and met 
McDonald’s Good 
Agriculture Practices 
(GAP) standards. 

1,959 third-party 
food supplier audits 
performed through our 
SQMS, which were fully 
met by 92% suppliers. 

PLACEHOLDER 
PLACEHOLDER

239 third-party 
distribution center 
audits performed, of 
which our standards 
were fully met by 97% 
of centers. 

55,171 restaurant 
food safety audits 
performed (announced 
and unannounced). 

PLACEHOLDER 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

32

Our Strategy in Brief 

We work to source and serve safe food and 
beverages each day, building trust as we strive 
to achieve food safety excellence across 
our industry. 

Our Global Food Safety Strategy centers on 
three operating principles: 

1  Customer obsessed: The safety of our food 
and that of our customers is non-negotiable 
and a top priority for McDonald’s. 

2  Better together: Our food safety systems 
and standards are based on science and 
validated by external third parties. 

3  Committed to lead: We lead the 

advancement of food safety from farm 
to customer and deploy processes to 
anticipate risk. 

We execute this strategy through our food 
safety and hygiene strategic work. Our actions 
build long-term brand trust by focusing on two 
strategic areas: 

1  Strengthening food safety culture 
throughout the business, as well as 
from farm to customer. 

2  Managing food safety risks proactively. 

We are supporting these strategic areas through 
the continuous improvement of our standards 
and policies, with annual reviews based on 
current science and industry best practices. 
We are monitoring and identifying innovations 
and technology to strengthen our systems and 
drive simplification where possible to improve 
behaviors and performance. 

Read about our Food Safety strategy 
on our website. 

Our Performance 

Advancing Food Safety Risk 
Management 

In 2022, we continued to advance food safety 
risk management (FSRM) practices with the 
development and deployment of a FSRM 
dashboard. This provides our Global and 
Market Food Safety and Quality teams with risk 
management data and information to develop 
plans for mitigating risks. 

We have continued to engage the members 
and leaders of our Global Food Safety Advisory 
Council to consistently monitor and prepare for 
emerging risks globally. To support this, our U.S. 
market works with food industry and technology 
companies to define standards for digitizing 
product traceability. 

To support our response to queries on the 
topic of food safety, we have developed the 
knowledge of our global and market staff 
with dedicated training. In addition, through 
benchmarking and collaboration with internal 
stakeholders, we have established global food 
safety KPIs for implementation in 2023. 

Examples From Our Markets 

•  McDonald’s Baltics invested heavily in 

digitalizing restaurant checklists to drive 
continuous improvement. 

•  McDonald’s UK responded proactively to 

the U.K. Food Information Amendment (also 
known as Natasha’s Law) by developing 
a customer-facing and website-available 
allergen information guide. 

Embedding Technology at Our Restaurants 

By the end of 2022, as part of our Digital Food 
Safety (DFS) initiative, 88% of our restaurants 
had fully implemented the move from paper-
based to digital food safety checklists. This 
supports the production of real-time reports 
to help identify potential food safety risks 
and prompt immediate remedial action. The 
remaining restaurants are expected to follow 
in 2023. 

Building on Our Food 
Safety Culture 

In 2022, we launched our second food safety 
culture assessment to measure cultural 
excellence. To gain a representative sample, 
24 McDonald’s markets and more than 11,000 
people participated. 

Across our market and global functions, we 
improved our overall score by six points, 
from 82 to 88 compared to 2019. In the 
Franchisee segment, we achieved a five-point 
improvement, from 78 to 83. Both scores are 
above the industry average of 75 and are graded 
as A and A- results. Restaurant Managers 
participated for the first time and achieved 85 
(A), which completes the results at restaurant 
level. We will now analyze the findings and build 
a robust action plan to maintain our strengths 
and elevate opportunities. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

33

We celebrate Food Safety Week every year and 
in 2022 the theme was “food safety culture.” 
Leaders from different functions and markets 
shared their perspectives on why food safety 
is an important issue for everybody and how it 
relates to McDonald’s core values. We engaged 
with suppliers and markets during the week, 
with direct dialogue between market food safety 
leads and global food safety experts. During 
Food Safety Week, our dedicated website had 
3,200 visitors. 

In December 2022, we participated in a panel 
discussion and shared perspectives on what 
food safety is and how to work with culture to 
improve it, hosted by Campden BRI. 

Examples of Participating in Food Safety 
Events Externally 

•  McDonald’s has been on the Fruits and 
Vegetable Technical committee with 
the Global Good Agriculture Program 
(GLOBALG.A.P.) since 2017 to continually 
improve global agriculture practice standards. 

•  McDonald’s played a leading role in founding 
SSAFE – and has been an active participant 
since – to develop a food safety culture 
assessment tool for any company to leverage. 
We shared this with our suppliers globally. 

•  A Global Food Safety team member shared 
our approach to digital food safety at the 
Center for Food Safety’s annual meeting at the 
University of Georgia (UGA), U.S. 

•  We have assisted the Philippine National 
Department of Agriculture in developing 
its training program on food safety 
risk management. 

•  One of our U.S. Food Safety team members 
presented at the North America Food Safety 
and Quality Conference to share best 
practices in food safety risk management. 

•  We participated in a meeting to discuss 
emerging risk identification in the food 
chain hosted by the European Food Safety 
Agency (EFSA). 

•  Our Supply Chain Immerging Course in China 

continues to engage suppliers and cross-
functional teams about McDonald’s supply 
chain principles and values, which includes 
strengthening food safety culture and 
commitment from the beginning when they 
enter the system. 

•  McDonald’s China has digitalized tiered 

food safety learning and conducted annual 
certification with all company employees 
(including office staff) for the past eight years. 

Engaging With Our Supply Chain 

Sharing Best Practices 

Collaboration is important for standardizing food 
safety practices and requirements. McDonald’s 
has been actively sharing food safety best 
practices at global conferences and meetings 
with industry peers, academics, government 
agencies and consumer groups for decades. 
We also participate in advancing food safety 
practices in the countries and communities 
where we operate, as part of our commitment to 
local engagement. 

In 2022, we collaborated with our suppliers 
and other stakeholders on food safety. 
Together, we updated our Good Manufacturing 
Practices (GMP) standards to evolve food 
safety and environmental control programs 
at food manufacturing facilities – among 
other enhancements. 

We also conducted annual independent, third-
party food safety audits of our suppliers to verify 
their compliance with our strict food safety 
and quality standards. In 2022, 92% of audited 
suppliers met these SQMS requirements fully. 

Bringing Supplier Training Online 

To ensure supplier alignment with our food 
safety standards, our Global Supply Chain team 
has launched a series of virtual RizePoint training 
videos for all suppliers on the Digital Depot. 
Through RizePoint, we can measure and track 
supplier compliance against food safety and 
quality management requirements. 

In October 2022, we conducted a virtual global 
supplier event to provide insights into our 
current strategic work and plans, as well as 
updates from suppliers about their Supplier 
Self-Managed Excellence journey. We also 
hosted several webinars for our staff and 
suppliers on topics such as Food Safety Culture 
(553 participants) and Food Defense Planning 
(475 participants). 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

34

Nutrition & Marketing Practices 

As one of the most frequented restaurants in the world, we help feed 
millions of people every day, with a focus on offering families the 
choices they love. 

We are listening to our customers and evaluating 
our menu to identify ways to evolve our offerings 
while maintaining the great taste people know 
and love. We provide a variety of choices to 
customers and bring families together to share 
moments and create lasting memories. 

Our Strategy in Brief 

Our nutrition strategy is integrated into 
our Global Sustainability & Social Impact 
team responsibilities to provide leadership, 
coordination and support for McDonald’s 
global nutrition goals and reporting. 

Our strategy has been grounded in goals related 
to our Happy Meal, as we heard from parents and 
stakeholders that focusing on kids and families 
is where we can have the biggest impact. 

Parents are looking for menu choices they can 
feel good about when it comes to feeding their 
kids. That’s why we’ve been making balanced 
meals more accessible to families across the 
world and offering options that contribute to 
recommended food groups, such as fruits, 
vegetables and low-fat dairy. 

As we look to the future, we will share learning 
across markets and assess new opportunities to 
build on the progress we have made so far. 

Read more about our Nutrition and Marketing 
strategy on our website. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

35

Five Years, 
Five Happy 
Meal Goals 

From 2018 to 2022, we’ve made 
significant progress to offer and 
promote more fruit, vegetables, 
low-fat dairy, whole grains, lean 
protein and water across 20 
major markets. 

Markets around the world have united in our 
effort to evolve the Happy Meal, in partnership 
with leading children’s health organization, 
Alliance for a Healthier Generation.   

Our Five Goals 

1  Offer balanced meals. 

2  Simplify ingredients. 

3  Be transparent with Happy Meal 

nutrition information. 

4  Market responsibly. 

5  Leverage innovative marketing. 

More than 5.7 billion fruit, 
vegetable, low-fat dairy, 
water, lean protein or 
whole grain items have 
been served 
in Happy Meal. 

We have 
reduced calories 
by 6%, sodium 
by 9%, saturated 
fat by 15% and 
added sugar 
by 26% 
in Happy Meal Bundle 
Offerings. 

We have introduced 
70 new Happy Meal 
Offerings containing 
a recommended food 
group globally. 

More 
than 50 
marketing 
innovations 
have been 
leveraged 
to promote 
recommended food 
groups, such as 
fruit, vegetables 
and low-fat dairy. 

In 2022, 100% of 
ads shown 
to children 
featured water, 
milk or juice 
and fruits, 
vegetables or 
dairy as the Happy 
Meal beverage and side. 

We have 
removed 100% 
of artificial 
flavors, added 
colors from 
artificial 
sources and 
artificial 
preservatives 
where feasible* from 
Happy Meal Offerings. 

100% of 
nutrition 
information 
was available 
on market 
websites and 
mobile apps 
by the end 
of 2022. 

*  

 McDonald’s top priority is to ensure all items meet our strict food safety and quality standards. “Where feasible” means that by removing an artificial preservative there will not be a sacrifice in the 
food quality or safety standards, value or taste. In certain cases, it was determined that an artificial preservative was necessary to ensure the safety, quality, taste or value of the food. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

36

Evolving Our Happy Meal 

Our Global Happy Meal Goals span various 
facets of nutrition and marketing. These 
include offering balanced meals, simplifying 
ingredients, transparently communicating 
nutrition information, responsibly marketing to 
children and leveraging marketing innovations 
to encourage increased purchase of items 
containing recommended food groups. 

Due to the community aspect of McDonald’s 
and our global network, our markets regularly 
share best practices to inspire others – providing 
guidance on achieving the goals. 

Monitoring Global Progress 

Since the inception of the goals, Keybridge, 
an independent third party, has supported 
us in measuring and reporting progress in 
the 20 major markets. While initially included 
in these 20 markets,39 Russia was removed 
in 2022 following our exit from this market. 
We subsequently incorporated Mexico into the 
goal scope, as Keybridge was already monitoring 
its progress and it allowed us to maintain 
tracking against 20 markets. 

For our performance against these goals, you 
can read Keybridge’s closing report on progress 
against our five Global Happy Meal Goals or the 
summary that follows. 

Goal 1: Offer balanced meals. 
Ensure 50% or more of the Happy Meal 
Bundle Offerings listed on menus in 
each market meet McDonald’s Global 
Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria of less 
than or equal to 600 calories, 10% of 
calories from saturated fat, 650 mg 
of sodium and 10% of calories from 
added sugar. 

Progress 

•  56% of Happy Meal Bundle Offerings, on 

average, met the Nutrition Criteria across 
the 20 major markets in 2022, up from 
36% in 2018.40 

•  17 of 20 markets met Goal 1.41 

•  One market received an exemption from 

fulfilling this goal and two markets received 
extensions to meet the goal by end of 2023. 

Case Study 
More Nutritious Options in Spain 

In Spain, we have made great progress, increasing 
our Nutrition Criteria-aligned offering from 
27% to 80%. Not only did we introduce new 
options such as Chicken McBites, Salad and the 
McFreezy, but we also removed certain items from 
menu boards and ordering screens to improve 
their compliance, including cheeseburgers, 
McFish, Mini McFlurry and small potato wedges. 

Recommended offerings such as the side salad, 
cherry tomatoes and yogurt are offered year-
round, in addition to rotating seasonal fruits such 
as apples and melon. 

Goal 2: Simplify ingredients. 
Remove artificial flavors and added 
colors from artificial sources from 
all Happy Meal Offerings, and reduce 
artificial preservatives in Happy Meal 
Offerings where feasible without 
sacrificing the safety, taste, quality 
or value of our food. 

Progress 

•  We have removed 100% of artificial flavors, 
added colors from artificial sources and 
artificial preservatives where feasible* 
from Happy Meal Offerings. 

•  20 out of 20 markets met Goal 2.42 

Case Study 
Cleaner Ingredients in Latin America 

One key to innovating our Happy Meal is finding 
ways to make items with simpler ingredients. 
In Latin America, Arcos Dorados, the largest 
McDonald’s DL, made various menu changes and 
product reformulations to simplify ingredient lists. 

For example, we: 

•  Removed artificial preservatives from cooking 
oils for French fries and chicken McNuggets 
across Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. 

•  Introduced a new kids’ yogurt in Argentina 
that contains no artificial colors, flavors or 
preservatives, and in Brazil, we reformulated our 
strawberry yogurt to remove artificial flavors. 

•  Reformulated the ketchup and mustard in Brazil 

to contain no artificial preservatives. 

To communicate these positive changes with 
customers, Brazil launched a “Clean Label” Happy 
Meal campaign in 2021, which received more than 
1.9 million views on YouTube. 

*  

 Our top priority is to ensure all items meet their strict food safety and quality standards. “Where feasible” means that by removing an artificial preservative, there will not be a 
sacrifice in the food quality or safety standards, value or taste. In certain cases, it was determined that an artificial preservative was necessary to ensure the safety, quality, taste 
or value of the food. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

37

Case Study 
Encouraging Healthier Choices in Japan 

To encourage greater take rates for recommended 
sides, we increased the number of side offerings 
containing recommended food groups from one 
(corn cups) in 2020 to three (side salads, corn 
and green soybean cups, and yogurts) in 2021. 
This was supported by targeted advertising 
campaigns to celebrate the importance of 
vegetable consumption. 

As a result, take rates for recommended sides 
increased from just 8% in 2020 to 21% in 2021. 

Goal 3: Be transparent with Happy 
Meal nutrition information. 
Ensure that nutrition information for 
Happy Meal offerings is available and 
accessible through all owned websites 
and mobile apps used for ordering 
where they exist. 

Progress 

•  100% of nutrition information was available 
on all participating market websites and 
mobile apps by the end of 2022. 

•  20 out of 20 markets met Goal 3.43 

•  Two markets were granted an exemption 
from publishing one or two nutrients due 
to local legislative requirements. All other 
nutrient information was published. 

Case Study 
Informing Consumer Choices in France 

Clear, easy-to-access information is vital to help 
consumers make better choices about what 
they buy. It’s why, in France, nutrition information 
for menu items is easily accessible through the 
Happy Meal section on our mobile app. They also 
publish Nutri-Score information, a third-party, 
voluntary tool that aims to allow the consumer 
to compare offerings of the same category 
through use of a color code and five-level note to 
represent the nutrition information of an offering. 

France chose to add this tool separately 
from the Goal 3 commitment as an additional 
nutrition summary tool to meet the needs of the 
French consumer. 

Goal 4: Market responsibly. 
All Happy Meal Bundles advertised 
to children44 will meet McDonald’s 
Global Happy Meal Nutrition 
Criteria and continue to meet any 
existing applicable local/regional 
advertising pledges. 

Progress 

•  100% of all Happy Meal Bundles shown in 

children’s ads across the 20 major markets 
met the Nutrition Criteria in 2022, up from 
83% in 2019. 

•  20 out of 20 markets met Goal 4. 

Case Study 
Celebrating Fruit and Vegetables 
Through Marketing 

We want to help make more balanced choices the 
fun choices. To realize this, we are using our reach 
to encourage millions of kids to eat more fruit 
and vegetables. Across markets like France, the 
U.K. and Italy, we developed Happy Meal adverts 
focused on recommended offerings, such as fruit 
and vegetables. 

Goal 5: Leverage Innovative marketing. 
Leverage innovative marketing to 
help increase purchase of foods and 
beverages that contain recommended 
food groups in Happy Meals. 

Progress 

•  More than 5.7 billion Happy Meal Offerings 

sold in 2018–2022 across the 20 major 
markets contained recommended food 
groups (fruit, vegetable, low-fat dairy, water, 
lean protein or whole grain). 

•  20 out of 20 markets leveraged innovative 
marketing initiatives, such as creative 
packaging and consumer campaigns, to 
promote Happy Meal Offerings containing 
recommended food groups. 

•  11 out of 20 in-scope markets sold an 

increased share of Happy Meal Offerings 
containing recommended food groups 
compared to 2018. 

•  While not all markets saw an increase in the 
purchase of food and beverages containing 
recommended food groups in Happy Meals, 
we are proud of the actions we have taken 
to steer us in a positive direction. Examples 
of local market successes have equipped 
us with important learning that we can 
use to build on this progress and scale the 
successful efforts we saw. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

38

Responsible Sourcing 

We’re using our scale and 
influence to help positively 
impact our planet, animals 
and the people in our supply 
chain, especially for our 
priority ingredients where we 
can have the greatest impact – 
beef, soy for chicken feed, 
fiber, palm oil, fish and coffee. 

The road to serving a McDonald’s menu 
item to a delighted customer is long and 
complex. Our global supply chain spans 
countries, continents and industries. We 
approach responsible sourcing holistically, 
understanding that our work impacts 
the livelihoods of people, the health of 
our shared planet and the well-being of 
animals. We believe we must respect 
them all. 

Our responsible sourcing approach is key 
to how we’re taking climate action. 

Sustainable Sourcing of 
Our Priority Commodities 

Following the substantial achievement of our 
2020 Responsible Sourcing Goals, we continue 
to work with our suppliers on what is outlined 
in those commitments, evaluating ongoing 
progress. Below is our 2022 data on our efforts. 

97.2% of our primary fiber-
based guest packaging was 
sourced from recycled or 
certified sources in 2022.48 

98.5% of beef sourced 
for McDonald’s 
restaurants supported 
deforestation-free 
supply chains by the 
end of 2022.45 

100% of soy sourced 
for the feed of chicken 
used in McDonald’s 
products supported 
deforestation-free 
supply chains globally 
in 2022.46 

99.9% of our ground 
and whole bean coffee 
was sustainably 
sourced in 2022.47 

PLACEHOLDER 

PLACEHOLDER 

100% of the palm oil used 
in McDonald’s restaurants, 
and as an ingredient in 
McDonald’s products, 
supported the production 
of sustainable palm oil 
in 2022.49 

In 2022, 88.8% of the fish 
sourced for McDonald’s Filet-
O-Fish came from sustainably 
managed wild-caught fisheries, 
assessed and verified annually 
against the McDonald’s 
Sustainability Fisheries 
Standard by the Sustainable 
Fisheries Partnership.50, 51 

PLACEHOLDER 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

39

Our Strategy in Brief 

Our Performance 

Keeping Soils Healthy 

To uphold our brand value of doing the right 
thing and to our long-term ability to provide 
quality food to customers, we are committed to 
creating transparent and trusted supply chains. 

We approach responsible sourcing by 
considering our impact – from the livelihoods 
of the people who produce our food and the 
communities where they live to the well-being of 
the planet and animals we rely on. 

We aim to deliver responsible sourcing programs 
that drive lasting, meaningful outcomes on 
critical environmental, social and corporate 
issues. To enable these outcomes, we focus on 
the following Priority Impact Areas: promoting 
the health and welfare of animals; respecting 
human rights; addressing climate change; 
reducing food and packaging waste; and 
protecting nature, forests and water resources. 

We focus on responsibly sourcing our priority 
products. Our position gives us the opportunity 
to help drive bigger changes across global 
food systems, as well as supporting our 
overall corporate sustainability goals. These 
commitments cover animal health and welfare, 
climate and forests, and span through to 2050. 

Supporting and Advancing 
Regenerative Agriculture 

By thinking globally, we can create global 
impact. We believe in the power of regenerative 
agriculture practices to increase biodiversity, 
enrich soils and boost climate resilience. At 
McDonald’s, we look to scale the adoption of 
regenerative agriculture practices to improve 
soil health and biodiversity, optimize water 
availability, drive climate action through carbon 
sequestration and help restore and protect 
delicate ecosystems. 

Read our approach to supporting deforestation-
free supply chains on our Nature, Forests 
& Water web page and our approach to 
regenerative agriculture on our Responsible 
Sourcing web page. 

Maintaining soil health is crucial for the 
productivity and long-term sustainability of 
agriculture, acting to reduce erosion, maximize 
water yield and improve nutrient density. These 
practices help to enhance farmer prosperity and 
make processes more resilient in the long run. 

Best practices for ensuring soil health include 
keeping it covered and minimizing soil 
disturbance to protect from the impacts of 
climate, reduce erosion, and keep water and key 
nutrients in place. Another large part of keeping 
soil healthy is maintaining living roots, allowing 
for maximum water and nutrient absorption. 

In an initiative to increase plant cover and 
protect soil, McDonald’s France introduced a 
new regenerative agriculture program in 2022. 
It aims to transform farming practices and plant 
230,000 trees within 150 km of hedges on French 
farms by the end of 2030. The pilot project 
aims to involve 60 farms of McDonald’s wheat 
cooperatives and suppliers, and will last at least 
three years, with the intent to collect insights 
to be replicated on other farms in the future. 
By the end of 2022, more than 8 km of hedges 
were planted and 235 hectares of diversified 
agronomic covers were sown. 

In collaboration with Cargill, The Nature 
Conservancy and Target, we are supporting 
row crop farmers in Nebraska to implement 
regenerative agriculture practices with the 
aim to help mitigate climate change and 
improve the resiliency of land. This five-year 
initiative is expected to impact 100,000 acres 
of land used for corn production through a 
joint $8.5 million investment. By improving 
soil health and optimizing processes, 
we have the potential to sequester an 
estimated 75,000 metric tons of carbon. 

Increasing Biodiversity Through Sustainable 
Grazing Practices 

Increasing biodiversity helps to keep our 
ecosystem in delicate balance and supports 
all life on earth – helping the planet and our 
population be more adaptive and resilient. It also 
plays a crucial role in supporting global food 
security. 

Grazing practices such as rotational grazing 
and reduction of external inputs boost 
biodiversity, benefit the productivity and fertility 
of the land and help to combat the impacts of 
climate change. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

40 

Some examples of our work with beef farmers 
in 2022 include: 

•  Restoring Canadian grasslands: We 

partnered with Ducks Unlimited Canada and 
Cargill to conserve Canadian grasslands, 
with the goal of returning 125,000 acres of 
cropland to grass and pasture by 2025. In the 
second year of our partnership, we enrolled 
24,243 acres of forage, including 229 new 
farmers, and sequestered 14,788 metric tons 
of CO2e. 

•  Reducing GHG emissions in France: For 

almost 10 years, we have utilized the CAP’2ER® 
tool, which is an environmental footprint 
calculator that evaluates the positive and 
negative environmental impacts within beef 
farming, helping to identify where farmers can 
work especially to reduce their GHG emissions 
and improve their carbon storage. To date, 
more than 20,000 assessments have been 
carried out in the French cattle sector. We have 
verified through the ones undertaken at our 
suppliers’ farms that 96,700 hectares of land 
are being managed to support biodiversity 
in 2022. 

Cattle are a vital part of the farm ecosystem, 
contributing to soil biology with the trampling of 
grass and addition of dung to feed soil microbes 
– naturally fertilizing the land as they are rotated 
from area to area. This approach also supports 
habitats for insects and birds, which benefit 
overall biodiversity. In the U.K., we’re working 
with FAI Farms on a Regenerative Grazing 
Network that harnesses the power of cattle 
to help increase biodiversity and improve soil 
health. The Network, which includes 11 farmers 
and McDonald’s suppliers OSI and Dawn Meats, 
aims to understand how regenerative principles 
and practices could be applied across the U.K. 
and Ireland, and then adapted at scale within the 
supply chain. 

As part of our five-year pilot initiative with Cargill, 
the Walmart Foundation and World Wildlife Fund 
(WWF), we have invested $1.6 million to support 
ranchers in the Northern Great Plains through 
the Ranch Systems and Viability Planning (RSVP) 
network. Through RSVP, ranchers have access to 
ecological monitoring; educational scholarships 
to attend grazing and soil health workshops; a 
grazing management cost-share program that 
helps them improve grazing infrastructure on 
their ranches; technical assistance; and access 
to a peer-to-peer learning network. Currently, 
the program is working with 80 ranches 
impacting almost 800,000 acres across 
Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska and Wyoming. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

41

Animal Health & Welfare and 
Responsible Antibiotic Use 

We continue to make the 
health and welfare of animals 
a priority throughout our 
supply chain. 

Serving safe, quality food relies on animals 
that are properly cared for throughout 
their lives. At McDonald’s, this includes 
both animal health and welfare, and our 
long-standing commitment to responsible 
antibiotic use in food animals. 

As part of this commitment, we have 
worked to promote antibiotic stewardship 
and reduce use since 2003, when 
we first published our global policy 
prohibiting routine use for the purpose 
of growth promotion. 

While individual countries may be impacted 
by different regulations, legislation 
and standards, we remain focused on 
the positive impact we can have by 
working with suppliers and promoting 
responsible practices. 

Our Animal Supply Chain at a Glance 

We source chicken, beef and dairy, pork and eggs from suppliers globally who share our values. Our 
expectations for these suppliers are clearly outlined in our policies, standards and specifications for 
raw materials and finished products – which include strict requirements for animal health and welfare. 

Beef 
We have established 
market-specific 
targets for the 
responsible use of 
antibiotics in our beef 
supply chain for our 10 
in-scope markets.53 

Pork 
Our U.S. pork supply 
chain is more than 91% 
of the way to our goal 
to phase out the use 
of gestation stalls for 
housing confirmed 
pregnant sows by the 
end of 2024. 

Eggs 
More than 88% of our 
eggs sourced in the 
U.S. are cage free, with 
a goal of 100% by the 
end of 2025 in the U.S. 
The goal has helped 
transform our supply 
chains, and other 
markets have made 
similar commitments. 

Chicken 
We are currently on 
track to achieve our 
eight Broiler Welfare 
Commitments, which 
are expected to be 
fully implemented 
by the end of 2024. 
HPCIA52 use has 
been eliminated from 
chicken served in the 
following markets: 
Australia, Brazil, 
Canada, Europe, 
Japan, South Korea 
and the U.S. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

42

Our Strategy in Brief 

We believe we have a responsibility to improve 
the health and welfare of animals in our supply 
chain and work with our global network of 
suppliers to actively encourage industry and 
cross-sector collaboration. To help achieve 
a positive impact in this area, we engage 
recognized subject-matter experts and 
academia to access guidance and challenge the 
way we think. Taking a holistic approach that 
considers everything from housing to humane 
slaughter, we leverage our global scale in local 
markets to help drive positive outcomes. 

Through our commitment to responsible 
antibiotic use, we are collaboratively doing 
our part to help preserve the effectiveness of 
antibiotics for future generations. According to 
the World Health Organization (WHO), “over-use 
and misuse of antibiotics in animals and humans 

is contributing to the rising threat of antibiotic 
resistance.”53 Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) 
is a critical global public health issue, which we 
take seriously and believe we and our suppliers 
have a responsibility to help address. 

Our antibiotic use policies do not permit the 
routine use of medically important antibiotics for 
the purpose of growth promotion or the habitual 
use of antibiotics for disease prevention.55 

Our focus is on refining antibiotic selection 
and administration, reducing non-therapeutic 
antibiotic use and, when possible, replacing 
antibiotics with long-term solutions to 
proactively prevent disease and protect animal 
health and welfare. We remain committed to 
the treatment of sick animals aligned with herd 
veterinarian direction to ensure the safety of our 
supply chain. 

“AS O N E O F TH E WO R LD ’ S L A RG E S T FO O D C O M PA N I E S , IT ’ S V E RY PLE AS I N G TO S E E Mc D O N A LD ’ S 

C O LL A B O R ATI V E LY D O I N G IT S PA R T TO A DVA N C E PR AC TI C E S R E L ATE D TO TH E R E S P O N S I B LE U S E O F 

A NTI B I OTI C S , AS WE LL AS LE V E R AG I N G LE A R N I N G S FRO M TH E R E S P O N S I B LE U S E O F M E D I C I N E S I N 

AG RI C U LT U R E A LLI A N C E I N E S TA B LI S H I N G M A R KE T-A PPRO PRI ATE R E S P O N S I B LE U S E TA RG E T S . WE 

A PP L AU D Mc D O N A LD ’ S A PPROAC H , WH I C H D E M O N S TR ATE S A S O LI D C O M M ITM E NT TO PROTE C TI N G 

A N D I M PROV I N G TH E H E A LTH A N D WE LFA R E O F A N I M A L S A N D I S S U PP O R TI V E O F I N D U S TRY- W I D E 

DATA C O LLE C TI O N TO C O NTI N U E R E FI N I N G A NTI B I OTI C U S E AC RO S S B E E F I N D U S TRI E S .” 

Cat McLaughlin, Responsible Use of Medicines in Agriculture Alliance, Chair 

Read our Animal Health & Welfare and 
Responsible Antibiotic Use strategies in detail 
on our website. 

Our expectations for pork suppliers are 
clearly outlined in our policies, standards 
and specifications for raw materials and 
finished products. 

Our Performance 

Goal: In the U.S., we’re working with 
pork suppliers to phase out the use of 
gestation stalls (small, enclosed pens) 
for housing pregnant sows by the end 
of 2024. 

Progress: As of the end of 2022, more than 
91% of our pork purchased in the U.S. comes 
from suppliers that have phased out the use 
of gestation stalls for housing confirmed 
pregnant sows. 

In 2021, we stated that we expected to reach 
85–90% of our target by the end of 2022. At that 
time, progress and conversion rates had been 
delayed by the impacts of COVID-19 and the 
global outbreak of African Swine Fever, which 
resulted in extending this target by two years. 
Then, and now, we remain committed to working 
with our suppliers and agricultural partners to 
achieve our goal. Our commitment is guided by 
the industry- and American Association of Swine 
Veterinarians (AASV)-endorsed definition for 
group housing for pregnant sows. 

Goal: The U.S. has a goal of sourcing 
100% cage-free eggs by the end 
of 2025. 

Progress: As of the end of 2022, the U.S. egg 
supply chain is at more than 88% cage free. 

Actions and Performance in Other Markets 

Canada and Arcos Dorados (the largest 
McDonald’s Developmental Licensee, with 
operations in Latin America and the Caribbean) 
have also set goals of sourcing 100% cage-
free eggs by the end of 2025. As of the end of 
2022, Canada now sources more than 85% 
cage-free eggs. 

In certain markets, we’ve achieved a cage-
free egg supply chain. Australia,56 France and 
Germany have each achieved a 100% cage-free 
egg supply chain. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

43

Goal: Eliminate the use of antibiotics 
defined by the WHO as Highest Priority 
Critically Important Antibiotics 
(HPCIAs) to human medicine from all 
chicken served in in-scope markets by 
the end of 2027.59 

Progress: Across the in-scope markets, HPCIA 
use has been eliminated in Australia, Brazil, 
Canada, Europe, Japan, South Korea and the 
U.S., with China expected to comply before the 
end of 2027. 

Commitment: We are committed 
to sourcing chickens raised with 
improved welfare outcomes. To 
achieve this, we have outlined eight 
specific commitments for our in-scope 
markets, which are expected to be fully 
implemented by the end of 2024.57 

Progress: We are currently on track to achieve 
our 2024 Broiler Welfare Commitments across 
our in-scope markets. As of the end of 2022, 
in-scope markets represented more than 58% 
of our global chicken supply. 

These commitments apply to chicken raised 
for sale at McDonald’s restaurants in Australia, 
Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the 
Netherlands, Poland, South Korea, Spain, 
Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. 

We focus on chicken in more detail 
on our website. 

“ Mc D O N A LD ’ S H AS LE D TH E WAY W ITH A 

TH O U G HTFU L A N D M E AS U R E D A PPROAC H TO  

SW ITC H I N G TO CAG E - FR E E E G G S TO M E E T 

C O N S U M E R D E M A N D AT A M AS S I V E S IZ E 

A N D S CA LE .” 

Norm Stocker, Vice President of Eggs & Chicken, Cargill 

Goal: In collaboration with our 
suppliers, producers and farmer 
partners, we will establish market-
appropriate targets for use of 
medically important antibiotics – as 
defined by the WHO – in our beef 
supply chain, and we will partner in 
the collection of antibiotic use data 
and measurement of progress on 
responsible use associated with global 
beef and dairy industries. 

Progress: We are partnering in the collection 
of antibiotic use data associated with 
global beef and dairy industries, leveraging 
independent third party/parties to facilitate 
data aggregation. 

Currently, there is limited data on antibiotic 
use in the industry as a whole. Our intention is 
to help drive positive behavioral change and 
transparency, as well as enable comprehensive 
assessment of antibiotic use across our in-
scope beef supply chains and industries in 
the future. We plan to share an update on this 
journey by the end of 2023. 

As of December 2022, we have established 
market-specific targets for the responsible use 
of antibiotics in our beef supply chain for our 
10 in-scope markets (representing over 80% 

of our global beef supply chain as of the end of 
2022).52 These market-specific responsible-use 
targets were informed by insights gained from 
our beef antibiotic monitoring pilot tests and in 
collaboration with subject-matter experts. 

Our targets focus on the responsible use of 
medically important antibiotics and are aligned 
with WHO Guidelines on AMR. Our policy 
does not permit the routine use of medically 
important antibiotics for the purpose of growth 
promotion or the habitual use of antibiotics for 
disease prevention.58 Reduction, where possible 
without adverse effects on animal health and 
welfare, remains an intended outcome of our 
commitment. McDonald’s global position on 
responsible antibiotic use recognizes that 
effective treatment of sick animals requires 
antibiotic selection with oversight from a 
qualified veterinarian through a valid Veterinary 
Clinic Patient Relationship (VCPR). These 
targets reflect general guidance for markets 
holistically and are not expected/required of 
each individual producer. 

More information on the market-specific 
targets for the responsible use of antibiotics 
in our beef supply chain can be found on 
page 7 of our Antibiotic Policy for our Beef 
Supply Chain (PDF – 463KB). For more detail 
about our approach and strategy, read more 
about responsible antibiotic use on our website. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

44

Progress on Broiler Welfare Commitments 

2024 Commitment 

Progress as of the end of 2022 

2024 Commitment 

Progress as of the end of 2022 

1. Establishing the McDonald’s 
Chicken Sustainability Advisory 
Council (CSAC) 

Status: Achieved 

2. Measuring key farm-level 
welfare outcomes 

Status: On track 

The McDonald’s CSAC supports our continued journey to improve animal welfare standards 
by providing crucial insights and knowledge. 

4. Providing enrichments to 
support natural behavior 

We are working with supply chain partners to ensure housing environments that promote 
natural behaviors, such as pecking, perching and dust-bathing. 

McDonald’s launched its CSAC in 2018, made up of 15 researchers, academia, welfare 
experts, NGOs and suppliers to provide progressive guidance and credible counsel. 
Organizations with members on the CSAC include FAI Farms and WWF, as well as leading 
academics and researchers such as Dr. Temple Grandin and Dr. Harry Blokhuis. This 
Council – and working groups derived from it – convenes regularly and continues to provide 
expertise, insight and directional guidance for our broiler sustainability and welfare. 

In 2019, the CSAC helped define 15 globally aligned farm- and process-level Key Welfare 
Indicators (KWIs) to operationalize our strategy. The KWIs measure performance toward our 
welfare outcomes commitment and inform progress on our goal. 

In partnership with global suppliers and an external third-party facilitator, we are in the 
process of concluding an extensive, two-year commercial trials initiative to inform our KWIs 
target-setting efforts and to study the impacts that certain production parameters – such as 
breed and stocking density – have on welfare, environmental and economic outcomes. 

In 2022, we set targets through our KWIs approach, which mean that suppliers will now be 
ranked in performance peer groups that will inform timebound improvement goals. The 
insights gained from this will be key to ensuring our chicken welfare efforts are mutually 
beneficial to the 5 billion birds covered and our suppliers, as well as the planet. 

Status: On track 

2021–2022: An Enrichments & Lighting Working Group, a subset of our CSAC, developed 
enrichment and lighting guidelines for implementation by our suppliers. 

5. Running commercial trials 
to study the effects of certain 
production parameters on 
welfare outcomes 

Status: On track 

6. Controlled Atmospheric 
Stunning (CAS) in the U.S. 
and Canada 

Status: On track 

We completed large-scale commercial trials in partnership with key global chicken suppliers 
to study the impacts that certain production parameters have on key welfare, environmental 
and farm-level outcomes. 

2020–2022: In partnership with global suppliers and an external third-party facilitator, we 
completed these extensive commercial trials, which were used to inform our KWI target-
setting efforts. 

100% of our Canadian broiler volumes have been converted to CAS. 

McDonald’s was one of the first retailers to implement a CAS system into a U.S. broiler 
supply chain, and currently 60% of our dedicated processing facilities have been converted. 
Remaining facilities are on track to be onboarded by the end of 2024. 

CAS is a U.S. Department of Agriculture-approved method that is recognized to be more 
humane for the animal, while also ensuring better conditions for workers. CAS is in use 
across 100% of our Canadian supply chain facilities and is already practiced by many 
approved suppliers for McDonald’s restaurants in Europe and Australia. 

3. Developing state-of-the-art 
welfare measurement 
technology 

Status: On track 

These technologies will be among the first of their kind proposed for commercial availability 
and will help McDonald’s identify opportunities for improvement in broiler welfare. 

McDonald’s has invested nearly $2 million (which enabled an additional $2.6 million in 
matching funds) into our Sensing, Monitoring, Analysis, Reporting Technology (SMART) 
Broiler initiative to automate gathering animal health and welfare indicators. 

7. Implementing third-party 
on-farm auditing 

We have initiated a process to define, then implement, our third-party on-farm auditing 
protocol by the end of 2024. 

Status: On track 

As we implement our global broiler welfare standards, we will establish third-party 
verification to enable continuous improvement. 

Three research projects are now in Phase 2 of development, which will run through Q1 2024. 
The technologies involved are among the first of their kind to be proposed for commercial 
availability and will help McDonald’s identify opportunities for improvement in broiler welfare. 

Throughout this phase of the initiative, McDonald’s will provide researchers with access to 
funds and facilities that allow them to continue developing technology that objectively and 
effectively monitors broiler welfare and behavior. 

8. Complete an assessment 
to measure the feasibility of 
extending these commitments 
to additional global markets 
where McDonald’s operates 

Status: On track 

Our feasibility assessment is currently underway. 

Our work with suppliers includes assessing their capacity to service new markets in line with 
our animal welfare policies and guidelines. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

45

Paraguay (Chaco biome). Given the complexity of soy supply chains, we 

all volumes are required to be covered by Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

53  Beef antibiotic use: This goal focuses on Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, 

consider that, unless demonstrated, all of McDonald’s sources of soy for 

Oil (RSPO) certification or credits. All RSPO supply chain models applicable 

Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Poland, the U.K. and the U.S., which 

chicken feed fall into high-deforestation priority regions, with the exception 

to RSPO are applicable to McDonald’s: RSPO Identity Preserved (IP), RSPO 

represented our top 10 beef sourcing countries and accounted for over 80% of 

of chicken sourced in North America where soy used in chicken feed is locally 

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although 

our global beef supply chain as of the end of 2022. 

Notes 

39	 Our major markets include the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, the 

U.K., France, Germany, Austria, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Sweden, 

Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. 

40  Averaged across the 20 major markets. 

41  One market was granted an exemption from this goal due to use of a frying oil 

that meets local dietary customs. Two markets were granted extensions until 

the end of 2023 due to delays in technology to update their ordering channels 

(kiosk and mobile app). 

43  Two markets were granted an exemption from publishing one or two nutrients 

due to local legislative requirements. All other nutrient information was 

published. 

44  If a local food pledge commitment exists, the “directed to children” definition in 

that food pledge applies. In countries without a local food pledge commitment, 

for measured media, the following definition applies: media purchased for 

any program or website where the expected audience generally consists of 

35% or more of children under the age of 12 years. In unmeasured media, 

McDonald’s may consider other factors, as appropriate, to determine whether 

the advertising is directed to children, such as the overall impression of the 

advertising, the target demographic based on the media plan and whether age 

screening applies. 

45  Beef. Scope: Includes all beef suppliers to the McDonald’s System and their 

raw material suppliers globally and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef. McDonald’s 

requires all beef raw material sourced from high-deforestation priority regions 

to comply with McDonald’s Deforestation-Free Beef Procurement Policy and 

meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests. 

Countries with regions currently identified as high priority for beef include 

Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina and Australia. Exclusions: Beef used as secondary 

ingredients in McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce. 

42  One market was granted an extension until January 2023 because of supply 

chain challenges. This market fulfilled this goal in January 2023. 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell coffee, and retail 

Wild-caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural 

outlets selling McDonald’s-branded coffee products. Countries with regions 

bodies of water. Filet-O-Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing 

produced and considered low risk. Exclusions: Soy used as an ingredient in 

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical 

McDonald’s products sold in restaurants, for example, soy oil. 

certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest 

47  Coffee. Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including 

decaffeinated coffee, used in espresso-based drinks and coffee brewed at 

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s 

volumes (IP, SG or MB). Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative 

used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products. This is when palm oil is 

used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier. 

branded retail products. Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s 

50  Fish: Fish refers to any type of fish species used as an ingredient in a 

System. Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement. 

currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for coffee include 

wild-caught fish. Verified sustainable sources refers to wild-caught fish, 

Honduras, Indonesia and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from 

sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System, from fisheries that are annually 

these regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified. Exclusions: Coffee extracts 

verified as compliant to the McDonald’s Sustainable Fisheries Standard 

and ingredients used in products such as frappés and coffee in baked goods; 

by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships. Marine Stewardship Council 

coffee in cold brew drinks if they are brewed off-site; coffee extract in ready-to-

(MSC) Certification is optional to McDonald’s markets. Fisheries may also 

drink retail products; and other locally sourced products containing coffee. 

be independently certified as meeting the MSC Principles and Criteria for 

48  Fiber. Scope: Primary fiber-based packaging refers to products that are used 

to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants. This type of 

packaging includes containers, cups, wraps, bags for food, beverages, napkins, 

folding cartons, clamshells, food service bags, napkins, salad bowls, Happy 

Meal cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers. Includes all suppliers of primary-

based packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants 

owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees. In 2021, the primary 

fiber-based packaging scope was expanded to include plastic alternatives 

such as wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids. This broadened 

scope has resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance. All volumes of 

contingency items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but 

not integrated into our data reporting system were counted as non-compliant. 

Countries with regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority 

regions for fiber include Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, 

Russia and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from these 

regions to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled 

Sustainable Fishing where a certificate of conformity to an MSC Standard 

has been granted. Source: www.msc.org. McDonald’s may display the MSC 

certification logo in some of its markets, where fisheries and restaurants are 

certified against the MSC Chain of Custody traceability standard. Scope: 

Includes all wild-caught fish sourced for Filet-O-Fish portions served in 

McDonald’s restaurants. Filet-O-Fish represents over 98% of the total fish 

volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight). Includes all suppliers of 

wild-caught fish for Filet-O-Fish to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s 

57  Broiler welfare: These commitments apply to chickens raised for sale at 

restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell 

McDonald’s restaurants in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, 

fish. Exclusions: Products that are not Filet-O-Fish containing wild-caught or 

the Netherlands, Poland, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. 

farmed fish. We estimate that these products represent less than 2% of the 

Russia has been removed from the scope of this goal based on our 2022 exit 

total fish sourced by McDonald’s by weight and may include products such as 

from this market. 

tuna, prawns, shrimp, salmon and calamari; other breaded products; and locally 

sourced products. The Company has set an expectation that these products are 

sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance 

measure given the local, and often promotional, nature of these items. 

58  Beef antibiotic use: Habitual use of medically important antibiotics for disease 

prevention is a probable indication of an underlying herd-specific and/or 

management issue and is not permitted except in the following narrowly defined 

situations: based upon the determination of a qualified veterinarian familiar with 

wood sources with full chain of custody certification. Exclusions: Primary 

51  In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our fish sourced from 

the disease history in the herd, non-routine prevention uses may be permitted if 

46	 Soy (for chicken feed). Scope: Includes all soybean volume used in the feed 

fiber-based packaging in food packaged off-site McDonald’s restaurants; tray 

sustainably managed wild-caught fisheries. This was due to impacts on our 

there is a high risk of contraction of a particular infectious disease. If use is deemed 

of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the 

liners, straws and limited locally sourced items. 

supply chain from the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and McDonald’s 

necessary and when effective multiple treatment options exist, McDonald’s 

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by 

the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken. Europe refers to Austria, 

Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, 

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, 

Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 

Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, 

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine. Countries with 

regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for soy 

include Argentina (Chaco biome), Brazil (Amazon and Cerrado biomes) and 

49  Palm oil. Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel 

oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use 

as restaurant cooking oil and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers 

and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the 

product’s ingredient statement. Includes all suppliers of products containing 

palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

decision to exit the Russian market in 2022. This resulted in an increase of 

encourages adoption of a tiered approach to antibiotic selection – least important 

fish sourced from fisheries whose Fishery Improvements Projects are not 

to human medicine being the first choice, with HPCIAs reserved for last resort. See 

yet compliant with our standards. Moving forward, we have plans in place 

Antibiotic Policy for our Beef Supply Chain for further information. 

to reduce sourcing from non-compliant fisheries and will increase our 

supply of fish sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have 

become available. 

59  Chicken antibiotic use: Markets covered by this goal include Brazil, Canada, 

Japan, South Korea, the U.S., Australia, China and Europe. For the purposes of this 

goal, Europe includes Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil. All countries 

52  Antibiotics defined by the WHO as Highest Priority Critically Important 

Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, 

are currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for palm oil and 

Antibiotics (HPCIA). 

Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, 

Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 

Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, the U.K. and Ukraine. 

54  Source: WHO, Stop using antibiotics in healthy animals to prevent the spread 

of antibiotic resistance. 

55  This is applicable to our existing antibiotic use policies for chicken and beef 

supply chains. Beef: Habitual use of medically important antibiotics for 

disease prevention is a probable indication of an underlying herd-specific and/

or management issue and is not permitted except in the following narrowly 

defined situations: based upon the determination of a qualified veterinarian 

familiar with the disease history in the herd, non-routine prevention uses may 

be permitted if there is a high risk of contraction of a particularly infectious 

disease. If use is deemed necessary and when effective multiple treatment 

options exist, McDonald’s encourages adoption of a tiered approach to 

antibiotic selection – least important to human medicine being the first choice, 

with HPCIAs reserved for last resort. Chicken: Antibiotics shall not be used for 

routine prevention or for growth promotion. In addition, antibiotics shall only 

be prescribed by a licensed chicken veterinarian that has clinically diagnosed 

an infectious disease or illness, and such antibiotics must be used strictly in 

accordance with labeled and veterinary direction for dose, duration, route, 

frequency, withholding period and withdrawal times. 

56	 Please see McDonald’s Australia’s website for more information: 

https://mcdonalds.com.au/our-impact/food-quality-sourcing 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

46

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Addressing inequalities and empowering the 
communities we serve is integral to building the 
change we want to see. We are also committed 
to collaboration, advocating for the responsible 
recruitment of migrant workers, and have 
funded high school and college tuition for over 
80,000 people. By using our global influence to 
be a force for change, we want to benefit the 
lives of all who engage with our business. 

We believe that a sustainable 
future is tied to supporting 
our people. Everyone 
deserves a safe, inclusive 
and accepting workplace 
where they feel they can 
truly thrive. By using 
strategies that help support 
the elevation of women and 
Underrepresented Groups 
into leadership roles and 
closing pay gaps, we strive to 
support our employees. 

IN THIS SECTION 

47  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

50  Talent & Benefits 

53  Human Rights 

56  Safe & Respectful Workplaces 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

47

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

Guided by our values, we 
are committed to becoming 
better allies, better sponsors 
and better leaders – helping 
to empower the people and 
communities we serve. 

We actively foster an inclusive environment, 
where diversity is embraced as an 
advantage. This is a cultural climate that 
spans the entire McDonald’s System. It 
builds on the work we’ve done around the 
world, recognizes where we can continue to 
make strides and takes every opportunity to 
emphasize that inclusion is central to who 
we are. 

Creating Golden Opportunities 

Whether it’s our global team of talented 
employees, our Franchisees, our complex 
network of diverse suppliers, the valued 
customers we serve each and every day or the 
communities we’re proud to call home – we are 
committed to creating pathways to success that 
help people grow and thrive. 

For Our Employees 
By implementing strategies 
that help provide more 
access to growth and 
opportunity, we’re supporting 
our aspiration to increase diverse 
representation at leadership levels and 
help our workforce reflect the diverse 
communities in which we operate. 

PLACEHOLDER 

For Our Suppliers 
As of the end of 2022, our U.S. 
systemwide spend with diverse-
owned suppliers was 25.0%, 
resulting in McDonald’s reaching its 
25% diverse-owned supplier spend 
goal for the second year in a row. We continue to 
implement strategies that help support engagement 
with diverse-owned suppliers and maintain this level 
of investment going forward. 

For Our Customers 
For people to feel welcome at 
McDonald’s restaurants around the 
world, we strive to create campaigns 
that help them feel seen and considered. 
That’s why we are implementing strategies that 
help support our ambition to increase our national 
investment in diverse-owned media and production 
companies and content creators for McDonald’s USA 
and its U.S. Franchisees to 15% by the end of 2024. 

For Our Franchisees 
We are committed to 
providing Franchisee 
candidates with alternatives 
to traditional financing options 
globally, and beginning in 2021, 
we set the ambition of investing 
$250 million over five years in the U.S. 

For Our Communities 
We are finding more ways to be 
there for the people who live and 
work in the places we call home. 
For example, in the U.S., we are 
investing $3.5 million in Community 
Impact grants in the city of Chicago 
targeted to Black and Latino youth. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

48 

Our Strategy in Brief 

At McDonald’s, our strategy for the future is built 
on a simple idea: when we live our values, we 
succeed. Our approach focuses on three areas: 

1  How we can best represent the diverse 

communities in which we operate. 

2  How we can accelerate cultures of inclusion 
and belonging in our operations globally. 

3  How we can use our scale to help dismantle 

barriers to economic opportunity. 

Our Performance 
and Strategy in Detail 

A Comprehensive Breakdown of Our Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Activations in 2022 

2022–2023 Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 

A Bird’s-Eye View of Our Diversity Progress 

2022–2023 Diversity Snapshot 

Our DEI Strategy in Detail 

Visit our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion web page. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

49

Our Performance 

Goal: By the end of 2025, McDonald’s 
aspires to increase representation of 
women in leadership roles globally 
(Senior Director and above) to 45%,60 
with an overall goal to reach gender 
parity globally in leadership roles 
(Senior Director and above) by the end 
of 2030.61 

Progress: As of the end of 2022, 43% of 
leadership roles (Senior Director and above) 
globally are held by women.62 

Goal: By the end of 2025, McDonald’s 
aspires to increase representation 
of Underrepresented Groups in 
leadership roles (Senior Director and 
above) located in the U.S. to 35%.63, 64 

Progress: As of the end of 2022, 28% of 
leadership roles (Senior Director and above) 
located in the U.S. are held by individuals in 
Underrepresented Groups.65 

At the end of 2022, we experienced a 
decrease in leadership representation for our 
Underrepresented Groups. As we initiated 
planning for 2023, we took further action to 
evolve our DEI and talent strategies to address 
opportunities to increase our talent pipeline that 
helps support future leadership advancement, 
including securing external workforce 
development partnerships and participation 
in diverse recruitment fairs. 

While we aim for continuous progress, we 
acknowledge that sustainable change is not a 
linear journey and each year brings new factors 
that may cause fluctuations. We remain fully 
committed to taking steps that help support 
progress toward our 2025 aspirational leadership 
representation goal while remaining transparent 
about our progress. 

Goal: McDonald’s commits to close 
pay gaps identified in annual equal 
pay analyses for women globally 
in Company-owned and -operated 
markets and for Underrepresented 
Groups in the U.S. at staff and 
Company-owned restaurant levels. 

Progress: Our 2022 pay gap analysis indicates 
that McDonald’s substantially attained 
equal pay and, in 2023, we closed the small 
pay gaps identified in the analysis. The 
results of our 2022 pay gap analysis showed 
that women globally in Company-owned 
and operated markets are paid $0.9991 in 
base pay for every $1 paid to men for similar 
work.66 It also showed, on an aggregate basis, 
that there was no base pay gap disfavoring 
Underrepresented Groups in the U.S.67 

Goal: McDonald’s aspires to increase 
U.S. systemwide spend with diverse-
owned suppliers68 to 25% by the end 
of 2025.69 

Progress: As of the end of 2022, our U.S. 
systemwide spend with diverse-owned 
suppliers was 25.0%, resulting in McDonald’s 
reaching its 25% diverse-owned supplier 
spend goal for the second year in a row.70 

We will continue to focus on our engagement 
with diverse-owned suppliers and measuring 
and reporting on annual progress. 

Among other efforts, we aim to increase 
national investments in diverse-owned media 
and production companies and content creators 
for McDonald’s USA and its U.S. Franchisees 
to 15% by the end of 2024. As of the end of 
2022, McDonald’s USA and its U.S. Franchisees 
increased such investments to 8.5%.71 

For a closer look at the percentage of U.S. 
systemwide spend and national investments 
across diversity categories, check out our latest 
Diversity Snapshot. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

50 

Talent & Benefits 

Our Company 

The Employees We Reach 

150,000+ 
Company employees worldwide 

2,000,000+ 
Franchise employees72 

Company employees, which include those 
in the Company’s corporate and other 
offices as well as in Company-owned and 
operated restaurants, totaled over 150,000 
worldwide as of year-end 2022. 

Our Company directly focuses on the 
recruitment, retention and development 
of these employees. 

Looking across the System, the over 
2 million individuals who work in 
McDonald’s franchised restaurants around 
the world are critical to the success of the 
McDonald’s brand, enabling it to drive 
long-term value creation and further its 
purpose and mission. 

Providing a best-in-class 
employee experience – 
where people are given 
opportunities to learn and 
develop – is a business 
imperative because it 
directly impacts the 
customer experience. 

People are not only at the heart of our 
Company, but they are also critical to the 
long-term success of our business. Looking 
after our people is central to our core values 
and driving our business forward. 

Led by these values, we are committed 
to fostering workplaces where everyone 
feels supported, has equitable access to 
opportunity and feels empowered to pursue 
their career aspirations. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

51

Our Strategy in Brief 

Talent Management 

Our vision is to be an iconic home for developing 
talent – known as much for our people as we are 
for our Golden Arches. We believe the employee 
experience fuels the customer experience, and 
we are leading with our values to succeed in 
both areas. In 2022, we were able to design and 
deploy strategic human resources and talent 
management processes that support our long-
term business strategy. 

See our Talent & Benefits strategy and 
programs in detail on our website. 

Our Performance 

We’re working to improve employee experiences 
through smart investments in our people, 
processes and technology. 

We want to create a culture where our 
employees feel empowered to drive business 
impact and pursue their career aspirations. 
Using our established talent processes and 
supporting resources, we are continuously 
evolving our culture to build high-performing 
and highly engaged teams. 

To enhance our ability to build strong leadership 
pipelines, we have designed a global Talent 
Review process, providing common language 
by which to assess and identify high potential 
leaders, inform talent planning and target 
development opportunities and investments. 

In 2022, we also introduced expectations to hold 
senior leaders accountable for supporting talent 
development and building a strong, diverse 
succession pipeline. This initiative focuses on 
driving the behaviors and actions that ensure 
business continuity across the McDonald’s 
System, with the leaders’ performance 
against these expectations contributing 
to their annual performance ratings and 
incentive compensation. 

Learning and Development 

Our learning and development approach is a 
competitive advantage to McDonald’s and a true 
differentiator to the employee value proposition. 

Hamburger University (HU) is McDonald’s center 
of training excellence, designed to upskill and 
reskill employees globally, create a culture of 
shared goals and instill a strong sense of pride. 
It allows employees to grow in their current 
role and prepares them for the next level of 
responsibility. HU also offers a productive 
learning culture that combines hands-on 

experience, learning from others through 
networking and mentoring, and structured 
classes – both on-site and online. 

Case Study 
Archways to Opportunity: 
Vanessa Jimenez 

In 2022, more than 60,000 individuals 
successfully completed learning offerings, 
including HU restaurant and leadership curricula, 
in-person or through virtual formats and 
eLearning courses. 

Additionally, Archways to Opportunity is a 
comprehensive education program that offers 
eligible McOpCo employees, and employees 
of participating Franchisees in the U.S., the 
opportunity to graduate from college, earn a 
high school diploma, learn English as a second 
language and gain access to academic and 
career advising services. By year-end 2022, the 
program had: 

•  Increased access to education for more than 

82,500 people. 

•  Awarded college tuition assistance to more 

than 65,000 restaurant employees. 

•  Helped more than 1,700 people graduate 

through the Career Online High 
School program. 

•  Reached more than 8,300 graduates from 

English Under the Arches since 2007. 

Born and raised in Mexico, Vanessa Jimenez 
came to the U.S. aged 13 to pursue a better life. 
Vanessa got a second job at McDonald’s at 19 and 
worked through the ranks, from trainer to shift 
manager and first assistant. 

As her English improved and her confidence 
grew, she restarted her education. Through the 
Archways to Opportunity program, Vanessa 
earned her associate degree in business 
administration. Vanessa is now a supervisor 
overseeing five McDonald’s in the Chicago area 
and has brought her family to the U.S. She hopes 
to pursue her bachelor’s degree in the future. 

“My early life challenges provided me the 
foundation and determination to fulfill my 
education goals. It’s never too late to go back to 
school. If I can do it, anyone can do it.” 
Vanessa Jimenez 

•  Awarded more than $185 million in high school 

 Learn more about Vanessa’s journey. 

and college tuition assistance. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

52 

During 2022, many U.S. Franchisees engaged 
with outside third-party vendors to attend Pay 
Matters workshops. These sessions included 
best practices on how to establish a wage 
philosophy and build competitive pay ranges 
based on benchmarking local available data. U.S. 
Franchisees continue to have access to wage 
modeling tools via third-party vendors in order 
to assist them in establishing the right wage 
structures that meet the competitive needs for 
their organizations. 

Compensation and Wages 

Market Focus: Restaurant Staff Wages 
in the U.S. 

In the U.S., McDonald’s continues to enhance its 
compensation packages, including competitive 
pay and benefits for Company-owned 
Restaurant Staff, to ensure that we continue 
attracting and retaining top talent. 

In 2022, we raised hourly wages at over 90% 
of our U.S. Company-operated restaurants, 
impacting more than 44,000 employees and 
resulting in an 8% increase to the average 
hourly pay rate. We expect to reach an average 
hourly wage above $15 for Company-owned 
restaurant employees in 2023. These raises 
reflect McDonald’s commitment to evaluating 
competitive wage data to determine the 
appropriate wage ranges on a market-by-
market level, and making adjustments to 
remain competitive and support the needs 
of employees. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

53

Human Rights 

Human rights are woven 
into McDonald’s day-to-day 
business, enabling us to fulfill 
our commitment to respect 
the rights of all people and 
communities who serve, 
produce and enjoy our food. 

Our Strategy in Brief 

McDonald’s purpose is to feed and foster 
communities. Central to that purpose is 
respecting human rights everywhere we do 
business. To further evolve respect for human 
rights across our System, McDonald’s has 
developed an approach that focuses on issues 
relevant to our business; embeds key activities 
to address those issues within corporate 
functions and market operations; and provides 
flexibility to respond to emerging human rights-
related trends and business priorities. 

Regardless of cultural, social or economic 
context, we conduct our activities in a way that 
respects the dignity of each person. To maintain 
relevant policies and practices, we work to 
identify and understand the human rights issues 
that are most important to our business. 

Foundational to our human rights approach 
is the United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGPs). The 
Principles outline that businesses should 
demonstrate respect for human rights through 
five key steps, which the McDonald’s approach is 
aligned with: 

1  Policy and governance. 

2  Human rights due diligence. 

3  Integrate findings. 

4  Track and report. 

5  Provide effective remedy. 

McDonald’s approach to human rights has 
been developed and informed by human rights 
assessments, ongoing analysis of the emerging 
business and regulatory landscape on human 
rights, and extensive consultation with subject-
matter experts across the business. 

As we continue to evolve our approach to 
human rights, we’re committed to engaging with 
employees and stakeholders to inform our own 
policy and influence change elsewhere. 

Read more about our human rights approach 
on our website. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

54

Our Policies and Standards 

Our commitment to respect people and their 
rights throughout our value chain is defined in 
several documents found on our website. These 
standards, principles and policies work together 
to reinforce a culture of integrity and respect 
and are foundational to how we feed and foster 
communities around the globe. 

Read more about our policies and standards 
on our website. 

Embedding Human Rights 
and Policies 

Our Global People and Global Supply Chain 
functions are responsible for our day-to-day 
human rights performance. 

The CEO and Senior Leadership team 
have oversight of human rights policies, 
commitments and management, as well as 
of ERM, which may include specific human rights 
issues. The Board Committees have oversight 
of human capital management, including 
human rights. 

Human rights professionals on our Global 
Sustainability & Social Impact team manage a 
cross-functional Human Rights Working Group. 
The executive sponsors of this Group – our 
Global Chief Impact Officer, Global Chief People 
Officer, Global Chief Supply Chain Officer and 
Global Chief Legal Officer – report to the CEO on 
human rights risks and share relevant updates to 
the Board Committees. 

Read more about our governance of human 
rights on our website. 

Engaging With Stakeholders 
on Human Rights 

We continued to engage with stakeholders in 
2022, acting on our commitments to human 
rights throughout our System. 

Government 

We maintain various routes to directly engage 
with governments to discuss shared challenges 
and how we can collectively work to address 
systemic challenges. A great example of the 
type of multi-stakeholder forum McDonald’s 
joins is the Doha Dialogue on Sport, Legacy and 
Human Rights, held in Qatar in 2022 and co-
convened by the Centre for Sport and Human 
Rights, the UN High Commission for Human 
Rights, the International Labour Organization 
(ILO), the International Organization for 
Employers and the International Trade Union 
Confederation. This event was also attended by 
representatives from a number of governments. 

Industry 

Peer engagement is vital for the exchange of 
good practice and to promote industry-wide 
progress. As a long-standing member of the 
BSR (Business for Social Responsibility) Human 
Rights Working Group and AIM-Progress, our 
recent progress builds on years of commitment 
to human rights throughout our global 
supply chain. 

As a sponsor of numerous international sporting 
events, McDonald’s also engages with key 
industry groups on specific and important 
human rights topics, such as promoting 
responsible sport sponsorship and advancing 
human rights in the world of sport. As part of 
our efforts, in 2022, McDonald’s became an 
engaged organization of the Centre for Sport 
and Human Rights. The Centre is a human 
rights organization, with a mission to advance 
a world of responsible sport that fully respects 
and promotes human rights by generating 
awareness around key human rights issues, 
building capacity and delivering value-added 
impact. In this multi-stakeholder forum, 
sponsors of sporting events are recognized as 
critical stakeholders in the sports ecosystem. 
Our participation helps us understand 
and implement measures to do our part in 
preventing human rights violations linked to 
sport and major events. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

55

Civil Society 

Workers 

Engaging with NGOs and other civil society 
organizations, includng human rights defenders, 
is critical for our ongoing human rights due 
diligence. We connect to learn and seek 
feedback through direct consultations as well 
as multi-stakeholder forums. Topics of priority 
include migrant workers’ rights, promoting safe 
workplaces and facilitating access to remedy. 

Investors 

McDonald’s recognizes that its investors rely on 
companies’ transparent disclosures about how 
they manage human rights in their company, 
their operations and their supply chains to make 
investment decisions. McDonald’s regularly 
engages with its investors on topics such as 
DEI; safe and respectful workplaces; civil rights; 
sustainability; human capital management; 
corporate governance; and more. 

Enhancing opportunities for the worker voice 
across our System is important to McDonald’s. 
This past year, we piloted an enhanced method 
of integrating the worker voice into our Supplier 
Workplace Accountability (SWA) program with 
suppliers in select markets. 

At McDonald’s, we know a positive restaurant 
culture enables crew members to create 
more feel-good moments for customers and 
each other. That’s why, in 2022, we launched 
Workplace by Meta. It’s a people-centric 
communication tool backed by McDonald’s. 
With Workplace, markets and their Operators 
can foster a people-first mentality and engage 
with employees in McDonald’s restaurants. The 
tool gives managers and crew the necessary 
information to do their jobs, facilitating 
communication and connection across the 
wider McDonald’s community. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

56

Safe & Respectful Workplaces 

McDonald’s has introduced 
Global Brand Standards, 
which apply across all 
restaurants – more than 
40,000 locations – to help 
foster safe, respectful and 
inclusive workplaces that 
protect the physical and 
psychological safety of all 
crew and customers.  

All Company-owned and franchised restaurants 
must implement these standards and are 
assessed on each criterion in accordance with 
the applicable McDonald’s market’s business 
evaluation processes. These standards focus on 
four key areas:  

1  Protecting employee health and safety. 

2  Preventing workplace violence. 

3  Preventing harassment, discrimination 

and retaliation. 

4  Listening through restaurant 

employee feedback. 

We remain committed to supporting markets 
and franchised restaurants by providing 
implementation support, including a suite 
of policies, tools and training. In 2021, we 
supplemented existing respectful workplace 
training with a new global eLearning module, 
Building a Safe, Respectful and Inclusive 
Workplace, on preventing harassment, 
discrimination and retaliation. This training 
for crew and managers was made available in 
multiple languages and offered optionally to 
Franchisees and DLs in 2022 to help them meet 
the Global Brand Standards requirement in every 
restaurant. We also offer a suite of workplace 
violence prevention training to Franchisees and 
DLs in all global markets. 

Read more about our safe & respectful 
workplaces approach on our website. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

57

Notes 

67  2022 Underrepresented Groups Pay Gap Analysis Results (U.S.): The analysis 

is conducted on U.S. employees who voluntarily disclosed race/ethnicity 

60  The December 2020 baseline data shows women made up 37% of leadership 

information. 

(Senior Director and above) roles. 

61  McDonald’s defines gender parity using the UN Women Training Centre 

definition as another term for equal representation of women and men in a 

given area. 

62  2022 data includes aggregate numbers from Australia, Austria, Belgium, 

Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, 

Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the U.K. and the U.S. Corporate 

employees who support our Development Licensees are also included. Data 

was obtained through various means, including informal identification and 

voluntary self-disclosure. 

63  In the U.S., the term “Underrepresented Groups” generally means people who 

identify as Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, or otherwise as people 

of color, people of Hispanic or Latino/a/x descent, people with disabilities, 

people who identify as LGBTQ+, people from religious minorities, or people 

having a combination of these identities or attributes. For purposes of 

McDonald’s reporting, including with respect to Human Capital Metrics and 

Equal Pay, “Underrepresented Groups” is defined as people who identify as 

Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, people of Hispanic or Latino/a/x 

descent, or people having a combination of these identities or attributes. 

64  The December 2020 baseline data shows Underrepresented Groups made up 

29% of leadership (Senior Director and above) roles. 

68  Diverse-owned suppliers refers to businesses that are 51% owned, managed 

and controlled by women and/or Black, Hispanic, Asian, Indigenous, Veteran, 

LGBTQ+ and disabled persons or people having a combination of these 

identities or attributes. 

69  Our goal continues to be to attain 25% U.S. systemwide spend with diverse-

owned suppliers by the end of 2025. Variance of systemwide spend with 

diverse-owned suppliers may occur in 2023 or 2024. 

70  This figure includes supplier spending by all restaurants, whether operated by 

McDonald’s or by Franchisees. Further, this figure is inclusive of U.S. Company-

owned restaurant spend, supply chain, restaurant development, marketing, 

legal, global technology, workplace solutions, communication, finance, global 

people and other corporate functions. This figure also includes purchases 

made by Franchisees for advertising, restaurant development, technology, 

food, distribution, packaging, equipment and uniforms. This scope excludes 

noncontrollables (taxes, utilities, rent, aircraft fuel, airport fees, facility leases, 

donations, bank fees and subscriptions). Our diverse-owned diversity spend 

figures in the U.S. includes both self-certified and formal industry-recognized 

certification and Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend. Tier 1 suppliers are those from whom 

McDonald’s buys directly. Tier 2 suppliers are those with whom our suppliers 

do business. FY2020 percent spend through the U.S. System with diverse-

owned suppliers was restated following update of diversity classification of 

two suppliers and evolved data practices around Tier 2 spend reporting and 

65  Data includes U.S. paid employees only. All U.S. paid employees working in 

accounting for Supply Chain managed spend for equipment and operating 

other markets are excluded. This data reflects U.S. employees who voluntarily 

supplies. 

disclosed race/ethnicity information. Due to rounding, some totals may not 

correspond with the sum of the separate figures. 

71  Paid media investment represents contracted dollars with suppliers. The 

classification of media and production houses and content creators as 

66  In 2022, the following countries are included in the analysis: U.S.A, Canada, 

diverse-owned suppliers is determined by both self-certification and 

France, Germany, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, 

third-party certification. 

Slovakia, Poland, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy, 

Portugal. In addition to these countries, descriptive analysis without statistical 

modeling has been conducted over the employees in the following countries: 

Singapore, Hong Kong, UAE (Dubai), Ireland. These countries have been 

excluded from the statistical modeling due to insufficient headcount. 

72  Franchisees are independent business owners who employ the individuals 

who work in their restaurants and for their businesses. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

58

Community Connection 

We are also committed to helping serve up 
bright futures by providing training programs 
that can lead to employment opportunities for 
young people and investing in our hometown of 
Chicago to financially support local nonprofits. 
We do this because we know that strong 
communities are the key to a sustainable future. 

[copy to be supplied?]
Our business thrives when 
the communities we serve 
thrive. For us, sustainability is 
about creating shared value 
so that we can make a positive 
difference. We know that we 
need to act both globally and 
locally to support the people 
that need help the most. 
For example, our employees 
donated over 16,000 hours to 
local community causes in our 
first Global Volunteer Month 
in 2022. 

IN THIS SECTION 

59  Community Impact & Philanthropy 

63  Ronald McDonald House Charities 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

59

Community Impact & Philanthropy 

With more than 40,000 
restaurants, we have a 
unique connection with 
communities the world over. 
We believe that comes with a 
responsibility to help support 
the people within them. 

It’s a responsibility we take seriously ‒ 
because we know when our communities 
thrive, so does our business. By thinking 
globally and acting locally, we are better 
equipped to effectively support our 
customers, our employees and the 
communities we are all part of. 

Throughout significant world events, 
McDonald’s has repeatedly served as a 
critical resource – showing up during times 
of need and helping support the most 
vulnerable people. 

There When People Need Us Most 

Some of the Ways We Were There 
for Communities in 2022: 

Order
Order 
Here
Here 

Donated over 
$5 million in employee 
assistance and 
international relief 
support efforts led by 
the Red Cross in Ukraine 
and across Europe. 

The U.S. business 
provided over $850,000 
in community grants 
and sponsorships in 
the U.S. Additionally, in 
the U.S., one penny from 
every Happy Meal at 
participating McDonald’s 
was donated to RMHC, 
totaling $5.9 million. 

Trained and/or hired 
1.7 million young 
people since July 2018. 

PLACEHOLDER 

Launched a Chicago-
based investment 
strategy supporting 
local communities, 
including a $3.5 million 
investment with 
40 local nonprofit 
organizations. 

Made a two-year, 
$5 million commitment 
to the Obama Presidential 
Center in our HQ’s 
hometown of Chicago 
to support it in 2022 
and 2023. 

Donated food globally 
in partnership with our 
suppliers, helping divert 
excess food from landfills 
to organizations that 
support families in need. 

Our business thrives 
when our communities thrive. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

60

Our Strategy in Brief 

Our Performance 

2. Support During Times of Need 

With our scale, diversity and legacy, we aim 
to build strong and inclusive connections 
that deliver on the needs of our communities. 
We remain focused on partnering with key 
organizations that share our values, harnessing 
our size and influence to maximize collective 
impact while strengthening relationships with 
the communities we serve. 

Our Community Impact & Philanthropy strategy 
focuses on three key areas: 

1  Families and their well-being, including our 
support of Ronald McDonald House Charities 

2  Support during times of need 

3  Philanthropic investments and 

opportunity employment 

Read more about our community impact 
and philanthropy on our website. 

1. Families and Their Well-Being 

Supporting Ronald McDonald House 
Charities (RMHC) 

Included in our Community Impact & 
Philanthropy strategy is McDonald’s continued 
support for RMHC. Since 1974, the McDonald’s 
community – our employees, customers, 
Franchisees and suppliers – has provided its 
time, funds and in-kind services to help RMHC 
positively impact millions of children and their 
families. The actions we take have enabled 
us to continue supporting families, despite 
unforeseen global challenges. 

In 2022, we donated $20 million to RMHC as 
part of our five-year, $100 million commitment 
(2020–2025). The gift is helping RMHC through 
direct financial support, RMHC Chapter capacity-
building, initiative activation and resource 
development. We make it easy for our customers 
to support RMHC too, through various on-
site and digital giving opportunities. In some 
countries or regions, McDonald’s donates a 
percentage from the sale of specific products or 
runs other special promotions in restaurants. 

Find out more on our dedicated RMHC 
web page. 

Whether it’s supporting charitable efforts or 
uplifting communities impacted by hardship and 
disaster, we know collaboration is key to making 
a substantial impact on those who need it most. 

Disaster Response 

We donated over $5 million in employee 
assistance, supporting relief efforts led by 
the Red Cross in response to developments in 
Ukraine and the resulting humanitarian crisis in 
Europe. McDonald’s Poland and Romania, both 
located next to Ukraine, kept their restaurants 
open around the clock for refugees. They 
donated 60,000 and 24,000 meals respectively 
to refugees in those countries. 

We also established an online donation 
portal that enables our employees to support 
colleagues impacted by restaurant and office 
closures following any disaster. This was used to 
aid Red Cross efforts supporting those coping 
with the Ukraine humanitarian crisis and to help 
RMHC support displaced ill and injured children 
and their families. 

In 2023, McDonald’s Corporation donated 
$500,000 to earthquake relief efforts in Turkey, 
including contributions to Save the Children, 
World Central Kitchen and local nonprofits. 
McDonald’s Turkey kept its restaurants open 
where possible, offering free food to all 

customers in affected areas and distributing an 
estimated 100,000 meals to victims in nine cities 
at 50 different locations. The local business 
also gave a total of $100,000 to all teams and 
managers affected, and to the families of 
bereaved team members. 

Locally Driven Needs: Our 2022 Actions 

We are dedicated to supporting our employees 
and have taken several actions to advance this in 
2022, including: 

•  Joining the American Red Cross Annual 

Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and pledging 
$5 million to proactively support U.S. and 
global disaster relief efforts. 

•  Offering hardship and disaster relief for all 

McDonald’s owned restaurant employees in 
the U.S. – with around 50,000 eligible people. 

•  The U.S. business provided over $850,000 in 
community grants and sponsorships in the 
U.S. Additionally, in the U.S., one penny from 
every Happy Meal at participating McDonald’s 
was donated to RMHC, totaling $5.9 million. 

•  Gifting $1 million to the Smithsonian Institution 

to support its new National Museum of 
the American Latino, the first Smithsonian 
Museum dedicated to Latinx history and 
culture in the U.S. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

61 

We also help amplify the impact of employee 
donations, matching funds donated to certain 
nonprofits by employees in the U.S. up to $5,000 
($10,000 for a Vice President or above, or a Board 
member). Since 2015, we have matched over 
$4.5 million through this offering. 

Chicago: Contributing at Our Home 

As one of the largest employers headquartered 
in Chicago, we believe it’s our responsibility to 
help address urgent community needs through 
strategic investments and engagement. In 2022, 
we launched a Chicago Community Impact 
Grants Program in partnership with The Chicago 
Community Trust, investing $3.5 million in 
grants to 40 neighborhood organizations that 
are advancing youth opportunity. 

3. Philanthropic Investments 
and Opportunity Employment 

Charitable Contributions 

In Chicago, we have made a two-year, $5 million 
commitment to the Obama Presidential 
Center to support global programming and 
local initiatives between 2022 and 2023. 
In the summer of 2022, we also hosted a 
career day with local high school students, 
including networking and career exploration 
with McDonald’s employees and a tour of 
McDonald’s headquarters. 

Youth Opportunity Program 

Goal: By the end of 2025, reduce 
barriers to employment for 2 million 
young people. 

Progress: From July 2018 to December 2022, 
approximately 1.7 million young people have 
participated in training programs and/or 
been hired in McDonald’s or participating 
Franchisee restaurants.73 

Examples of Our Impact Across the Globe 

The U.S. – McDonald’s works with International 
Youth Foundation (IYF) and nine local 
community-based organizations (CBOs) in 
Chicago and Washington, D.C., to deliver life 
skills training called Passport to Success to 
young people aged 16–24 from low-income 
households. Across more than 30 lessons, 
the training covers resilience, teamwork, 
communication, self-awareness and respecting 
others. As concerns about systemic racism and 
youth mental health escalated in the past few 
years, the life skills curriculum was expanded 
to include modules on cultural diversity 
and self-advocacy/self-care. 

The U.S. – McDonald’s and IYF also collaborate 
on the Youth Opportunity Ambassador Program, 
sharing participant perspectives on barriers to 
success and enabling feedback on the program’s 
ability to support them. 

Switzerland – McDonald’s Switzerland offers a 
three-year gastronomy apprenticeship program 
that mixes on-the-job learning and classroom 
training. Upon graduation, participants receive 
a federally recognized degree in gastronomy. In 
2022, the program had 34 apprentices in total. 

The U.K. – For a second consecutive year, 
McDonald’s UK partnered with BBC Children in 
Need to help raise vital funds for youth projects, 
people and services across the U.K. McDonald’s 
donated 10p from every U.K. download of the 
music from its Christmas advert, and offered 
engagement through a mobile Christmas 
card tour. In addition, for every McCafé item 
purchased over the festive period, McDonald’s 
donated the equivalent of 100 MyMcDonald’s 
Rewards points via the McDonald’s app. 

Latin America and the Caribbean – Arcos 
Dorados expanded MCampus Comunidad, a 
platform offering 14 online courses to young 
people, including topics related to digital 
marketing, entrepreneurship, personal finance 
and information technology. By the end of 
2022, almost 70,000 people from 50 countries 
had participated in the free training offered by 
MCampus Comunidad and received an official 
certificate from Hamburger University. 

Volunteerism 

Our Global Volunteer Program, launched in 2019, 
matches employee time with community need. 
Through the program, individuals volunteer for a 
variety of causes related to the four Impact Areas 
of our Impact Strategy while addressing the 
unique needs of their communities. 

Additionally, in 2022, we held a Global Volunteer 
Month for the first time. Throughout September, 
approximately 8,500 employees volunteered 
across 120 events. Collectively, they volunteered 
approximately 16,700 hours of their time to local 
community causes around the world. 

Examples of Our Impact Across the Globe 

Ukraine – In addition to focused efforts during 
Global Volunteer Month, employees in Ukraine 
volunteered throughout 2022 to help address 
the ongoing crisis. Examples of these activities 
include the following programs, launched in 
collaboration with RMHC Ukraine:  

•  Food kits – More than 160,000 food kits, each 
feeding a family of three for up to six days, 
were distributed all over Ukraine.  

•  Medical equipment – Purchased and 
transferred 200 ventilation assistance 
devices to 50 hospitals, as well as 420 vacuum 
aspirators to 100 hospitals in 23 regions of 
the country. 

•  Humanitarian aid – Employees implemented 
over 100 projects according to the specific 
requests from hospitals and communities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

62 

China – The stringent COVID-19 prevention 
policies in place in China in 2022 meant that we 
could not proceed with any large-scale activities 
for Global Volunteer Month. In their place, we 
offered a folded paper heart, which we gave 
to RMHC children through 13 regional offices 
around China. Over 3,000 employees took part in 
the initiative. 

Japan – In September 2022, McDonald’s Japan 
worked with two major league baseball teams 
and RMHC to hold fundraising games for the 
charity, with local restaurants, owners and staff 
raising awareness and asking baseball fans for 
their support. For the opening of the new RMHC 
in Niigata prefecture (our 12th house in Japan), 
office staff gathered items for the families 
staying there, sending 22 boxes filled with food 
items, books, toys and amenities. 

Food and Supplies Donation 

Throughout 2022, we continued stepping up 
to help support communities around the globe 
with food and supply donations to meet their 
basic needs.  

Examples of Our Impact Across the Globe 

The U.S. – In 2022, McDonald’s USA and its 
suppliers in the U.S. donated over 1.6 million 
pounds of food and paper combined from 
suppliers and distribution centers, helping divert 
excess items from landfills and waste – worth 
more than $3.4 million – to support local U.S.  
food banks and communities. 

Ukraine – McDonald’s Ukraine donated over 
160,000 food kits through our joint program with 
RMHC. Additionally, more than 700 metric tons 
of products were handed over to communities 
from our restaurants and distribution centers. 

Japan – In support of medical workers, over 
100,608 meals were provided by restaurants 
in McDonald’s Japan in Hyogo, Wakayama, 
Hokkaido, Chiba and Osaka prefectures. The 
market also donated 10,000 meal tickets to 
400 children’s cafeterias in Aichi, Gifu and 
Mie prefectures.  

Greece – McDonald’s Greece donated more 
than 8,000 food items to food banks. Over 
520 employees volunteered an estimated total 
of 2,956 hours to support the community in 
various actions. 

The U.K. – McDonald’s UK donated 1.2 million 
meals with FareShare (U.K.) and 50,000 meals 
with Food Cloud (Ireland). 

Capital Investments 

In 2022, McDonald’s global capital investments, 
which include capital expenditures and taxes 
paid, amounted to approximately $4.9 billion.  
These capital expenditures go toward 
reinvestment in our existing restaurants, 
as well as the creation and construction of 
new restaurant locations, which ultimately 
help to build stronger communities and job 
opportunities around the world, while the 
income taxes provide economic contributions to 
local, state and federal governments where we 
operate to help fund essential services. 

Capital Expenditures 

Income Taxes Paid 

2020 

2021 

2022 

$1.6B 

$2.0B

$1.9B 

$1.4B 

 $2.4B 

$3.0B 

 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

63 

Ronald McDonald House Charities 

Ronald McDonald House 
Charities (RMHC) helps 
support families when their 
child is sick or injured, and 
McDonald’s is proud to be its 
founding mission partner. 

RMHC is a nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organization 
with a global network of over 260 Chapters 
in more than 60 countries and regions that 
helps families access essential care for their 
children. Ronald McDonald House Charities 
and RMHC are trademarks of McDonald’s 
Corporation and its affiliates. RMHC 
programs provide families with somewhere 
to stay in or near leading hospitals and 
healthcare services, facilitate delivery of care 
to some communities and help to ensure the 
entire family is fully supported along their 
child’s healthcare journey. 

In total, McDonald’s, our Franchisees and 
customers donated over $182 million to 
RMHC in 2022, helping the charity provide 
more than 2.2 million overnight stays for 
RMHC families around the world. 

All donation and monetary figures have been 
converted to U.S. dollars and are approximate. 

What Ronald McDonald House 
Charities Does 

Through three core programs and hundreds of 
local programs, RMHC provides stability and vital 
resources to families around the world. 

Ronald McDonald Family 
Room programs – Located 
within the hospital, this 
program offers families 
a place to recharge, rest 
and have a snack, all 
within a few steps of their 
child’s bedside. 

Ronald McDonald House 
programs – More than just a 
place to sleep, each House is 
near the hospital and provides 
meals and support to families 
with a hospitalized child. 

Ronald McDonald Care 
Mobile programs – In 
partnership with a clinical 
services provider, these 
mobile units provide medical, 
dental and healthcare 
resources to children and 
families in underserved 
communities around 
the world. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

64 

Our Strategy: McDonald’s and 
RMHC Working in Partnership 

When our communities need us, we show 
up. In 2022, McDonald’s Corporation donated 
$20 million as part of our five-year, $100 million 
commitment to support families when they 
need it most. 

Our Actions in 2022 

Here are just a few examples of RMHC activities 
from 2022: 

•  More than 28,000 individuals in the McDonald’s 

System – including Owner/Operators, 
Developmental Licensees, employees and 
crew – actively volunteered with RMHC 
Chapters. 

•  McDonald’s Portugal recycled more than 

18,000 used uniforms into textile yarns that 
were converted into new textile bags – 5,500 of 
which were then donated to RMHC Portugal as 
“Family Welcome Kits” with items to improve 
families’ well-being. 

•  Tyson Foods enabled guest families to access 
quick meals around the clock across Ronald 
McDonald House programs in the U.S.  

•  UL Solutions became the first RMHC partner 

solely dedicated to supporting its global 
sustainability efforts. In alignment with 
the UN SDGs, UL Solutions offers building 
assessments to evaluate the indoor air quality 
of several RMHC programs. The partnership 
galvanizes UL Solutions’ network of employees 
to give back and volunteer at their local RMHC 
Chapters, and provides educational resources 
to reinforce sustainability priorities for more 
than 260 RMHC Chapters across the globe. 

Relief Response Around 
the Globe 

During the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, 
McDonald’s helped RMHC Ukraine in its support 
for more than 100 humanitarian aid projects, 
the delivery of more than 160,000 food kits to 
those in need and the mobilization of nearly 500 
volunteers from McDonald’s who supported the 
purchase and delivery of medical equipment 
to hospitals. 

RMHC Ukraine also plans to build its first Ronald 
McDonald House through a partnership with 
the U.S. Agency for International Development 
(USAID) and support from McDonald’s Ukraine.  

Several European RMHC Chapters partnered 
with our packaging supplier, TMS/HAVI, in their 
relief efforts in Ukraine. For example, HAVI 
partnered with RMHC Portugal and RMHC Spain 
to transport over 80 pallets of essential items, 
which were split between two organizations for 
distribution throughout Ukraine. 

Several hundred McDonald’s restaurants across 
Texas banded together in response to the 
mass shooting in Uvalde, Texas. $150,000 was 
raised for RMHC San Antonio and the Uvalde 
community through a McDonald’s lunchtime 
fundraiser, which donated 10% of sales to 
the cause. RMHC San Antonio served family 
members from Uvalde and created a special 
fund to help those impacted. 

In support of those individuals affected by 
Typhoon Noru (known locally in the Philippines 
as Super Typhoon Karding), McDonald’s and 
RMHC Philippines stepped in to provide 3,000 
meals to affected communities. 

Giving Back to RMHC Chapters 
With Our Customers Around 
the World 

In the U.S., one penny from every Happy Meal at 
participating McDonald’s went to RMHC, totaling 
$5.9 million. Additionally, McDonald’s customers 
in the U.S. donated more than $33 million through 
Round-Up for RMHC and Donation Boxes. 

Over $11 million was raised by McDonald’s 
Canada, its independent Franchisees and 
customers through in-restaurant giving efforts. 

McDonald’s Australia, its Licensees and 
customers provided support through McHappy 
Day and other giving efforts locally, which raised 
more than $10 million. In New Zealand, 170 
McDonald’s restaurants supported their local 
RMHC, donating 10 cents (NZ) from every Happy 
Meal sold to raise more than $450,000. 

McDonald’s restaurants in South Africa and 
Egypt hosted Happy Meal promotions for 
each country’s RMHC Chapter, raising more 
than $560,000. 

In Argentina, $544,000 was raised from the sale 
of Big Mac sandwiches during a 14-day McHappy 
Day fundraiser, in which 225 McDonald’s 
restaurants participated. Additionally, more 
than 1,000 restaurants in Brazil participated in 
McHappy Day, raising $3.8 million. 

In Austria, 136 restaurants participated in a 
McDonald’s car wash day, which raised over 
$87,000, while a total of 200 restaurants 
promoted stuffed bunny rabbit sales, superhero 
bandages and heart-shaped donuts, meaning 
that these initiatives raised nearly $500,000. 

McDonald’s Hungary hosted a Tour de Balaton 
in support of the new local Ronald McDonald 
Family Room, raising almost $13,000. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

65 

Note 

73  This figure is based on actual and, in some cases, extrapolated hiring data for 

the following participating markets: Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, 

Colombia, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, 

the U.K. and the U.S. McDonald’s collects data from McOpCo and participating  

Franchisees, but extrapolates where it does not have access to the underlying 

data globally. Additional markets that provide training data include Argentina, 

Austria, Brazil, Colombia, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Jordan, Mexico, the 

Netherlands, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. 

McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

66 

McDonald’s Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) Index 2022 

SASB is an independent, standards setting 
organization that looks to improve efficiency 
and consistency in environmental, social and 
governance reporting of material issues for each 
sector and has been developed in conjunction 
with investors. 

McDonald’s has chosen to report through the 
voluntary SASB framework for the fourth time 
for our 2022 reporting period. As we continue on 
our Impact journey, it remains a top priority for 
us to communicate our progress in a transparent 
and standardized manner for investors and other 
important stakeholders through this index. 

In certain instances, a specific SASB topic may 
be discussed in our reporting even though 
McDonald’s does not currently report progress 
on the corresponding SASB metrics in their 
exact form. In these instances, we provide 
brand-relevant data on the topic and link to the 
corresponding web page within Our Purpose 
& Impact Report, which contains our reporting 
progress on these topics and relevant goal 
and performance data from 2022 in greater detail. 

We are committed to continuous improvement 
and are working to improve our data collection 
and coordination across the McDonald’s System. 
We look forward to continuing to identify ways 
to strengthen our reporting processes and 
disclosures in the coming years. All data shown 
below is reflective of year-end 2022 progress, 
unless otherwise stated. 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Category 

Unit of Measure 

Code 

Response and Source(s) 

Energy 
Management 

(1) Total energy consumed, 
(2) percentage grid electricity and 
(3) percentage renewables 

Quantitative 

Gigajoules (GJ), 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-130a.1 

Response  
In 2021, we committed to adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5°C. We intend to share an update on our climate journey later this year. 

Energy Consumption for Company-Owned Restaurants and Offices 

(1) Total energy consumed: 7,989,134.4 GJ (2021) 
(2) Percentage grid electricity: 62.5% (2021) 
(3) Percentage renewable: 12.7% (2021) 

Commentary 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (in Metric Tons)  
Gross Scope 1 Emissions: 113,286 (2021) 
Gross Scope 2 Emissions: 469,236 (2021)  
Gross Scope 3 Emissions: 56,803,958 (2021) 

Today, restaurant energy use represents 59% of our restaurant and operations baseline emissions footprint; as such, they represent a key focus area for accelerating progress against our 2030 targets. 

Since 2019, McDonald’s has signed 14 renewable energy projects through virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs) and continues to be among other leading corporate renewable energy buyers in adding new, 
large-scale renewable energy to the U.S. grid. Our renewable energy projects cover both solar and wind technologies, and are planned to be located in Texas, Illinois, North Carolina, Ohio and Louisiana. 

As the projects for which contracts were executed between 2019–2023 continue becoming operational, the energy generated is expected to be equivalent to more than 11,700 restaurants’ worth of electricity. 
They are expected to contribute to a 33% reduction in GHG emissions associated with U.S. restaurant electricity usage from our 2015 baseline. McDonald’s portion of these renewable energy projects will help 
prevent approximately 3,600,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions annually. 

Related Goals 
McDonald’s is partnering with Franchisees to target reducing GHG emissions related to our restaurants and offices by 36% by the end of 2030 from a 2015 base year (inclusive of both Company-owned 
and franchised restaurants). 

Through collaboration with our suppliers and producers, we are also committed to achieving a 31% reduction in emissions intensity (per metric ton of food and packaging) across our supply chain by the 
end of 2030. This combined target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). In 2021, we joined the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, committing to net zero emissions by 2050. 
Through the SBTi Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, we are also in the process of adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5°C. 

Please find additional information on our Climate Action page and in our 2022 CDP Climate Change response. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

67 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Category 

Unit of Measure 

Code 

Response and Source(s) 

Water 
Management 

(1) Total water withdrawn, 
(2) total water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress 

Quantitative 

Thousand cubic meters (m³), 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-140a.1 

Response 
Total water withdrawn is an estimated 1,793,462 m³. 

The large decrease in our water withdrawn figures originally reported in 2020 and 2021 compared to our 2022 figure is due to data errors that occurred in 2020 and 2021 calculations, which have been recently 
identified. These inconsistencies led to a larger reported figure in previous years than what is reflective of McDonald’s actual water withdrawn. This has now been corrected as of 2022. Upon recalculation, the 
correct figures for the previous two years are: 
2020: 1,544,773.78 m3 
2021: 1,465,448.16 m3 

Commentary 
Water withdrawn was estimated based on 601 U.S.-owned locations that provided withdrawal data and extrapolated to the 2,106 Company-owned restaurants worldwide based on standardized 
usage intensities. 

Additional Resources 
Please find additional information on our Nature, Forests & Water page. 

Food & 
Packaging Waste 
Management 

(1) Total amount of waste, 
(2) percentage food waste and 
(3) percentage diverted 

Quantitative  Metric tons (t), 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-150a.1 

Commentary 
In 2022, more than 85.1%, of restaurants in markets with advanced infrastructure1 offered guests the opportunity to recycle packaging items. In these restaurants, guest packaging is collected in customer-
facing recycling bins for back-of-house or off-site sorting and recycling utilizing existing local waste infrastructure systems. 

(1) Total weight of packaging, 
(2) percentage made from recycled and/or 
renewable materials and 
(3) percentage that is recyclable, reusable 
and/or compostable 

Quantitative  Metric tons (t), 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-150a.2 

Related Goals 
By the end of 2025, our goal is to implement global and local solutions across our business to expand the reduction, reuse or recycling of guest packaging, and create demand for recycled materials. 

Additional Resources 
Learn more about our approach to food and packaging waste management on our Packaging, Toys & Waste page. 

Response  
(1) Total weight of guest packaging: 1,000,573 metric tons of guest packaging and toys sourced for McDonald’s restaurants. 
(2) Percent made from recycled and/or renewable materials: 81.0% of all of our primary guest packaging items are sourced from renewable, recycled or certified sources2, 3, 4. 97.2% of our primary fiber-
based guest packaging was sourced from recycled or certified sources in 2022.  

Commentary 
Primary guest packaging is inclusive of centrally managed guest packaging and Happy Meal book and toy packaging for a significant portion of our system sales across more than 40,000 restaurants.  

We take recoverability into account whenever we design guest packaging. Whether packaging items are recyclable in practice and at scale depends on the waste and recycling infrastructure in each 
market. We do not track this data centrally. We are working to eliminate or replace small plastic items that are hard to recycle, not needed for safety or functionality and likely to leak into the environment, 
such as straws, plastic bags and cutlery. 

Related Goals 
By the end of 2025, our goal is to have all of our primary guest packaging sourced from renewable, recycled or certified sources. 

Additional Resources 
Learn more about our approach to packaging sustainability on our Packaging, Toys & Waste page. 

Food Safety 

(1) Percentage of restaurants inspected by a 
food safety oversight body and 
(2) percentage receiving critical violations 

Quantitative 

Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-250a.1 

Commentary  
McDonald’s has developed and implemented science- and risk-based food safety and quality standards through collaboration with internal and external experts. These standards include the McDonald’s 
Global Good Agriculture Practices (GAP), Supplier Quality Management Systems (SQMS) and the Distributor Quality Management Process (DQMP). Our McDonald’s Global Food Safety Advisory Council 
includes food safety, public health and medical professionals and leaders from North America, Europe and Asia. 

(1) Number of recalls issued and 
(2) total amount of food product recalled 

Quantitative 

Number, 
Metric tons (t) 

FB-RN-250a.2 

This council meets with our Chief Supply Chain Officer and global food safety team members annually to discuss progress and to provide recommendations to further advance our food safety practices 
and standards. 

(1) Number of confirmed foodborne illness 
outbreaks and 
(2) percentage resulting in U.S. Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) 
investigation 

Quantitative 

Number, 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-250a.3 

Restaurant food safety and quality management procedures are integrated into the McDonald’s Operations and Training Program, which is based on our Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point 
principles and are followed in every restaurant. 

Daily checks against key food safety standards and procedures are conducted in all restaurants. Third-party audits verify that these standards are implemented. In 2022, 55,171 restaurant food safety 
audits (announced and unannounced) were performed. To ensure audits are robust, we host calibration sessions with our approved third-party auditing firms. 

In addition, our Food Safety Field Service team supports our markets to ensure they have received training and are operating in compliance with our standards. The members of this team are strategically 
located in the Middle East, Europe and Latin America, enabling strong connection to the Developmental Licensee (DL) markets and helping to elevate our food safety culture globally. 

Additional Resources 
Learn more about our approach to food safety on our Food Safety page. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

68 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Category 

Unit of Measure 

Code 

Response and Source(s) 

Nutritional 
Content 

(1) Percentage of meal options consistent 
with national dietary guidelines and 
(2) revenue from these options 

Quantitative 

Percentage (%), 
Reporting currency 

FB-RN-260a.1 

Additional Resources  
Learn more about our approach to nutritional content on our Nutrition & Marketing Practices page. 

(1) Percentage of children’s meal options 
consistent with national dietary guidelines 
for children and 
(2) revenue from these options 

Quantitative 

Percentage (%), 
Reporting currency 

FB-RN-260a.2 

Commentary  
17 out of 20 of our in-scope markets have achieved5 our goal of ensuring 50% or more of the Happy Meal Bundle Offerings listed on menus in each market meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal 
Nutrition Criteria. 

One market received an exemption from fulfilling this goal and two markets received extensions to meet the goal by end of 2023. 

By of the end of 2022, an average of 56% of Happy Meal Bundle Offerings meet the Nutrition Criteria across the 20 major markets. 

The Global Happy Meal Goals apply to all markets globally, with measurement and reporting of progress among our 20 major markets in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, the U.K., France, 
Germany, Austria, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. 

Related Goals 
By the end of 2022, our goal is to ensure 50% or more of the Happy Meal Bundle Offerings listed on menus in each market meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria of less than or equal to 
600 calories, 10% of calories from saturated fat, 650 mg of sodium and 10% of calories from added sugar. 

Additional Resources 
Keybridge’s closing report on progress against our five Global Happy Meal Goals, leveraging the latest data available for each goal. 

Number of advertising impressions made on 
children, percentage promoting products that 
meet national dietary guidelines for children 

Quantitative 

Number, 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-260a.3 

Commentary  
20 out of 20 in-scope markets met our goal of having all Happy Meal Bundles advertised to children meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria. 100% of all Happy Meal Bundles shown in children’s 
ads across the 20 major markets met the Nutrition Criteria in 2022, up from 83% in 2019. The Global Happy Meal Goals apply to all markets globally, with measurement and reporting of progress among our 20 
major markets in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina,  Mexico, the U.K., France, Germany,  Austria, Spain, the Netherlands,  Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland,  Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. 

Related Goals 
By the end of 2022, our goal is that all Happy Meal Bundles advertised to children will meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria and continue to meet any existing applicable local/regional 
advertising pledges. 

Additional Resources 
Please find additional information on nutritional content on our Nutrition & Marketing Practices page and in Keybridge’s closing report on progress against our five Global Happy Meal Goals. 

Labor Practices 

(1) Voluntary and 
(2) involuntary turnover rate for restaurant 
employees 

Quantitative 

Rate 

FB-RN-310a.1 

Commentary 
In order to attract and retain talent at all levels of the business, we provide competitive compensation commensurate with a Company employee’s position. We evaluate competitive wage data and 
market trends to determine appropriate wage ranges, and ensure compliance with all applicable wage and hour laws. 

(1) Average hourly wage, by region and 
(2) percentage of restaurant employees 
earning minimum wage, by region 

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated with 
(1) labor law violations and 
(2) employment discrimination 

Quantitative 

Reporting currency, 
Percentage (%) 

FB-RN-310a.2 

We introduced our Global Pay Principles to our owned markets in 2019, to ensure that good pay practices are understood and consistently implemented for all Company employees. 

•  Competitive – Pay opportunities are aligned with the external value of a job to attract, engage and motivate talent. The competitiveness of our pay rates is reviewed regularly relative to peer companies that 

reflect our size, scale, performance and talent needs. 

Quantitative 

Reporting currency 

FB-RN-310a.3 

•  Nondiscriminatory – Company employees are compensated at a level commensurate with their role, responsibility, impact, location, experience, knowledge, skills and performance, irrespective of 

gender, race, ethnicity or any other similar protected personal characteristics. See also our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion page. 

•  Performance-based – Pay is focused on motivating high performance, recognizing achievement and reinforcing behaviors that align with our culture. 

•  Understandable – Pay programs are communicated regularly and transparently. We strive for simplicity and focus on the design of our programs to ensure Company employees understand what 

determines their pay. 

•  Compliant – We comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements and standards. 

In the U.S., McDonald’s continues to enhance its compensation packages for Company-owned Restaurant Staff. In 2022, we raised hourly wages at over 90% of our U.S. Company-operated restaurants, 
impacting more than 44,000 employees and resulting in an 8% increase to the average hourly pay rate. We expect to reach an average hourly wage above $15 for Company-owned restaurant employees in 
2023. These raises reflect McDonald’s commitment to evaluating competitive wage data and the evolving legislation and regulatory environment to determine the appropriate wage ranges on a market-by-
market level. 

Additional Resources 
Learn more about our approach to labor practices throughout our Talent & Benefits, Safe & Respectful Workplaces and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion pages. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

69 

Topic 
Supply Chain 
Management & 
Food Sourcing 

Accounting Metric 

Category 

Unit of Measure 

Code 

Response and Source(s) 

Percentage of food purchased that 
(1) meets environmental and social sourcing 
standards and 
(2) is certified to third-party environmental 
and/or social standards 

Percentage of 
(1) eggs that originated from a cage-free 
environment and 
(2) pork that was produced without the use of 
gestation crates 

Quantitative 

Percentage (%) by cost 

FB-RN-430a.1 

Response 
We substantially achieved all of our 2020 Responsible Sourcing Goals across our six priority commodities – beef, fish, palm oil, fiber, soy and coffee – and we continue to work with our suppliers on what is  
outlined in those commitments and evaluate the continued progress. Below is our 2022 responsible sourcing performance across these key priorities: 

•  Beef: 98.5% of beef sourced for McDonald’s restaurants supported deforestation-free supply chains.6 

•  Fish: 88.8% of the fish sourced for McDonald’s Filet-O-Fish came from sustainably managed wild-caught fisheries, assessed and verified annually against the McDonald’s Sustainability Fisheries 

Standard by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnership.7, 8 

•  Palm Oil: 100% of the palm oil used in McDonald’s restaurants and as an ingredient in McDonald’s products supported the production of sustainable palm oil in 2022.9 

•  Fiber: 97.2% of our primary fiber-based guest packaging was sourced from recycled or certified sources in 2022.10 

•  Soy: 100% of soy sourced for the feed of chicken used in McDonald’s products supported deforestation-free supply chains in 2022.11 

•   Coffee: 99.9% of our ground and whole bean coffee was sustainably sourced in 2022.12 

Additional Resources 
Please see our Responsible Sourcing and Nature, Forests & Water pages to learn more about our approach and to see full performance data and relevant definitions, scope and exclusions.  

Quantitative 

Percentage (%) by number, 
Percentage (%) by weight 

FB-RN-430a.2 

Response  
(1) More than 88% of eggs sourced in the U.S. are cage free and Canada also sources more than 85% cage-free eggs.   
(2) As of the end of 2022, more than 91% of our pork purchased in the U.S. comes from suppliers that have phased out the use of gestation stalls (small, enclosed pens) for housing confirmed pregnant sows. 

Commentary 
We believe we have a responsibility to improve the health and welfare of animals in our supply chain and work with our global network of suppliers to encourage industry and cross-sector collaboration. 
This is why we have animal health and welfare policies or commitments in place across our chicken, eggs, pork, beef and dairy supply chains. 

We also believe that reducing any overdependence on antibiotics within our supply chain complements our decades-long commitment to managing and improving the health and welfare of animals. We 
are committed to a responsible antibiotic use approach – refining antibiotic selection and administration, reducing non-therapeutic antibiotic use and, when possible, replacing antibiotics with long-term 
solutions to prevent diseases and protect animal health and welfare. 

Related Goals 
The U.S., Canada and Arcos Dorados (the largest independent McDonald’s Developmental Licensee (DL), with operations in Latin America and the Caribbean) have each set goals of sourcing 100% cage-
free eggs by the end of 2025. 

In the U.S., we’re working with pork suppliers to phase out the use of gestation stalls for housing pregnant sows by the end of 2024. 

In 2017, McDonald’s announced a global commitment to source chickens raised with improved welfare outcomes. To achieve this, we outlined eight Broiler Welfare Commitments in key markets.13 

By the end of 2027, we aim to eliminate the use of antibiotics defined by the WHO as Highest Priority Critically Important Antibiotics (HPCIAs) to human medicine from all chicken served in the U.S., 
Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Australia and China. As of the end of 2022, all in-scope markets except for China have eliminated HPCIAs. 

In collaboration with our suppliers, producers and farmer partners, we will establish market-appropriate targets for use of medically important antibiotics – as defined by the WHO – in our beef supply 
chain and we will partner in the collection of antibiotic use data and measurement of progress on responsible use associated with global beef and dairy industries. This goal focuses on Australia, Brazil, 
Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Poland, the U.K., and the U.S, which represented over 80% of our beef supply chain as of the end of 2022. 

Additional Resources 
Please see our Animal Health & Welfare and Responsible Antibiotic Use pages for more information. 

Discussion of strategy to manage 
environmental and social risks within the 
supply chain, including animal welfare 

Discussion 
and Analysis 

N/A 

FB-RN-430a.3 

We aim to deliver responsible sourcing programs that drive lasting, meaningful outcomes on critical environmental, social and corporate issues. To enable these outcomes, we focus on the following 
Priority Impact Areas: promoting the health and welfare of animals; respecting human rights; addressing climate change; reducing food and packaging waste; and protecting nature, forests and 
water resources.  

McDonald’s works with its suppliers to embed sustainability commitments, into global sourcing decisions for food and packaging through Global Sustainable Sourcing Specifications and direct 
collaboration on sustainable initiatives. 

Learn more about our efforts in these areas throughout the Food Quality & Sourcing and Our Planet pages, as well as our 2022 CDP Climate Change and 2022 CDP Forests responses. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

70 

SASB Activity Metrics 

Activity Metric 

Number of 
(1) Company-owned and  
(2) franchise restaurants 

Number of employees at  
(1) Company-owned and  
(2) franchise locations 

Category 

Unit of Measure 

Code 

Response and Source(s) 

Quantitative 

Number 

FB-RN-000.A 

(1) 2,106 Company-owned restaurants. 
(2) 38,169 franchised restaurants. 

These figures are as of year-end 2022. 

Please find additional information in McDonald’s Annual Report. 

Quantitative 

Number 

FB-RN-000.B 

Over 150,000 people employed by McDonald’s Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries worldwide as of year-end 2022. 

Over 2 million people working within a Company-owned or franchised McDonald’s as of year-end 2022.14 

Please find additional information in McDonald’s Annual Report. 

4 

In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our primary guest packaging 

Council (MSC) Certification is optional to McDonald’s markets. Fisheries may 

9  Palm oil. Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel 

sourced from renewable, recycled or certified materials as compared to 2021 

also be independently certified as meeting the MSC Principles and Criteria 

oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use 

due to deployment of new packaging materials not yet compliant with our goal 

for Sustainable Fishing where a certificate of conformity to an MSC Standard 

as restaurant cooking oil and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers 

standards. We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to 

has been granted. Source: www.msc.org. McDonald’s may display the MSC 

and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the 

continue making supply chain improvements to meet our packaging sourcing 

certification logo in some of its markets, where fisheries and restaurants are 

product’s ingredient statement. Includes all suppliers of products containing 

standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal. 

certified against the MSC Chain of Custody traceability standard. Scope: 

palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

Notes 

1  Markets with advanced infrastructure: Mature waste and recycling 

infrastructure at a national level that has (1) recycling infrastructure network 

across the entire market, (2) multiple materials being recycled within this 

national infrastructure network, (3) existing legislation on recycling and (4) high 

customer awareness of waste and recycling. At the end of 2022, that included 

21 markets where McDonald’s operates. 

2  Packaging: Scope: Inclusive of all markets for our fiber-based packaging and 

5  One market was granted an exemption from this goal due to use of a frying oil 

that meets local dietary customs. Two markets were granted extensions until 

the end of 2023 due to delays in technology to update their ordering channels 

Happy Meal book and toy packaging. For our plastic-based packaging, all 

(kiosk and mobile app). 

markets are included except for Israel, Latin America, Turkey and Thailand are 

excluded.  Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass 

from a living source and that can be continually replenished. Renewable 

applies to plastics only, not fiber. Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 

or ISO 16620-2. Fiber-based packaging made from 100% recycled sources 

must be third-party verified, unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest 

Management standard. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from 

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam 

to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood 

sources with full chain of custody certification. Please refer to our Nature, 

Forests & Water web page for additional definitions. Exclusions: Primary fiber-

based packaging in food packaged off-site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray 

liners and limited locally sourced items. 

3  Non-structural components of packaging vary based on the packaging 

but may include adhesives, inks, overprints, varnishes, retention agents or 

binders, processing aids, impact modifiers, and nucleating and clarifying 

agents. We continue to monitor industry standards on these components and 

opportunities to work toward making any part of our packaging, including non-

structural components, more sustainable. 

6  Beef. Scope: Includes all beef suppliers to the McDonald’s System and their 

raw material suppliers globally and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef. McDonald’s 

requires all beef raw material sourced from high-deforestation priority regions 

to comply with McDonald’s Deforestation-Free Beef Procurement Policy and 

meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests. 

Countries with regions currently identified as high priority for beef include 

Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina and Australia. Exclusions: Beef used as secondary 

ingredients in McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce. 

7  Fish: Fish refers to any type of fish species used as an ingredient in a 

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement. 

Wild-caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural 

bodies of water. Filet-O-Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing 

wild-caught fish. Verified sustainable sources refers to wild-caught fish, 

sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System, from fisheries that are 

annually verified as compliant to the McDonald’s Sustainable Fisheries 

Standard by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships. Marine Stewardship 

Includes all wild-caught fish sourced for Filet-O-Fish portions served in 

operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil. All countries 

McDonald’s restaurants. Filet-O-Fish represents over 98% of the total fish 

are currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for palm oil and 

volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight). Includes all suppliers of 

all volumes are required to be covered by Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 

wild-caught fish for Filet-O-Fish to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s 

Oil (RSPO) certification or credits. All RSPO supply chain models applicable 

restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell 

to RSPO are applicable to McDonald’s: RSPO Identity Preserved (IP), RSPO 

fish. Exclusions: Products that are not Filet-O-Fish containing wild-caught or 

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although 

farmed fish. We estimate that these products represent less than 2% of the 

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical 

total fish sourced by McDonald’s by weight and may include products such as 

certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest 

tuna, prawns, shrimp, salmon and calamari; other breaded products; and locally 

volumes (IP, SG or MB). Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative 

sourced products. The Company has set an expectation that these products are 

used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products. This is when palm oil is 

sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance 

used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier. 

measure given the local, and often promotional, nature of these items. 

8    In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our fish sourced from 

sustainably managed wild-caught fisheries. This was due to impacts on our 

supply chain from the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and McDonald’s 

decision to exit the Russian market in 2022. This resulted in an increase of 

fish sourced from fisheries whose Fishery Improvements Projects are not yet 

compliant with our standards. Moving forward, we have plans in place to reduce 

sourcing from non-compliant fisheries and will increase our supply of fish 

sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have become available. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
McDonald’s Corporation Purpose & Impact Report 2022–2023 

Introduction 

Our Planet 

Food Quality & Sourcing 

Jobs, Inclusion & Empowerment 

Community Connection 

SASB Index 

71 

10  Fiber. Scope: Primary fiber-based packaging refers to products that are used 

12  Coffee. Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including 

to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants. This type of 

decaffeinated coffee, used in espresso-based drinks and coffee brewed at 

Find Out More 

packaging includes containers, cups, wraps, bags for food, beverages, napkins, 

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s 

folding cartons, clamshells, food service bags, napkins, salad bowls, Happy Meal 

branded retail products. Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s 

cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers. Includes all suppliers of primarybased 

System. Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated 

packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned 

by the Company and its Franchisees that sell coffee, and retail outlets selling 

and operated by the Company and its Franchisees. In 2021, the primary fiber-

McDonald’s-branded coffee products. Countries with regions currently 

based packaging scope was expanded to include plastic alternatives such as 

identified as high-deforestation priority regions for coffee include Honduras, 

wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids. This broadened scope has 

Indonesia and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from these 

resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance. All volumes of contingency 

regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified. Exclusions: Coffee extracts and 

items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but not integrated 

ingredients used in products such as frappés and coffee in baked goods; coffee 

into our data reporting system were counted as non-compliant. Countries 

in cold brew drinks if they are brewed off-site; coffee extract in ready-to-drink 

with regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for 

retail products; and other locally sourced products containing coffee. 

13  These commitments apply to chicken raised for sale at McDonald’s restaurants 

in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Poland, 

South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. 

14  Franchisees are independent business owners who employ the individuals 

who work in their restaurants and for their businesses. 

fiber include Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia 

and Vietnam. McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from these regions 

to be Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified or FSC-controlled wood 

sources with full chain of custody certification. Exclusions: Primary fiber-based 

packaging in food packaged off-site McDonald’s restaurants; tray liners, straws 

and limited locally sourced items. 

11  Soy (for chicken feed). Scope: Includes all soybean volume used in the feed 

of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the 

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by 

the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken. Europe refers to Austria, 

Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, 

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, 

Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 

Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, 

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine. Countries with 

regions currently identified as high-deforestation priority regions for soy 

include Argentina (Chaco biome), Brazil (Amazon and Cerrado biomes) and 

Paraguay (Chaco biome). Given the complexity of soy supply chains, we 

consider that, unless demonstrated, all of McDonald’s sources of soy for 

chicken feed fall into high-deforestation priority regions, with the exception 

of chicken sourced in North America where soy used in chicken feed is locally 

produced and considered low risk. Exclusions: Soy used as an ingredient in 

McDonald’s products sold in restaurants, for example, soy oil. 

For more information on terms and definitions, 
governance, performance data and more, 
please visit the Our Purpose & Impact section 
of our website. 

Scope and Restatements 

This Index covers our 2022 progress, unless 
noted otherwise. The humanitarian crisis caused 
by the war in Ukraine and the precipitating 
unpredictable operating environment led us to 
determine that continuing operations in Russia 
was no longer tenable nor consistent with 
McDonald’s core values. Due to the transfer of our 
Russian business in May of 2022, Russia has been 
excluded from our 2022 performance reporting 
across ESG topics, unless otherwise stated. 

The large decrease in our water withdrawn 
figures originally reported in 2020 and 
2021 compared to our 2022 figure is due to 
data errors that occurred in 2020 and 2021 
calculations, which have been recently 
identified. These inconsistencies led to a 
larger reported figure in previous years than 
what is reflective of McDonald’s actual water 
withdrawn. This has now been corrected as 
of 2022. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As the leading global foodservice retailer, we believe it’s our responsibility to make a positive impact on the world.

The actions we continue to take today across our food, people, communities and our planet will help contribute to building a better business and a more trusted brand for generations to come.

One of these actions is reporting on our environmental and social activities.

McDonald’s is the global leading foodservice retailer, with more than 40,000 locations in over 100 countries helping feed millions of customers every day.

Our System works as one to feed and foster the communities we serve.

Whether we are helping deliver more sustainable food systems or building an inclusive workplace, we believe there has never been a more important moment to work together to advance collective impact.

We’re acting now to deliver on our climate ambitions, protect natural resources, accelerate solutions to reduce waste and transition to more sustainable packaging and toy materials.

We’re working toward creating a secure, more sustainable future for food by advancing safety and quality, prioritizing animal health and welfare and making balanced meals more accessible to families across the world.

We’re helping build bright, safe and inclusive futures by nurturing skills, accelerating equity and respecting human rights, empowering the people and the communities we serve.

We understand our business thrives when our communities thrive, so we think globally and act locally, helping feed and support people when and where they need it most.

As I reflect on last year, I continue to be impressed by our System’s ability to support and uplift communities.

This past year remained challenging in many parts of the world.

The humanitarian crisis caused by the war in Ukraine continued, a devastating earthquake struck Turkey, and we’ve seen markets like France experience profound periods of unrest.

At the same time, we continued adapting to a new post pandemic world.

During these moments and more, I’m reminded that McDonald’s unparalleled size and scale uniquely enables us to show up, and how important it is for us to continue delivering on our purpose of feeding and fostering communities.

At McDonald’s, we’re listening to our customers to evolve our offerings, while maintaining the same taste they know and love.

I’m particularly proud of the work that’s gone into the evolution of our Happy Meal Offerings, and how our markets are promoting more balanced choices for families than ever before.

Over the last five years, we made significant progress toward five Happy Meal Nutrition Goals that we set in 2018 in 20 of our major markets.

Despite the changes and challenges our business encountered over the last few years, our entire System remained committed to these goals.

As we look forward, we will share learnings across markets and assess new opportunities to build on our progress.

We strive to leverage our entire System to grow our impact across communities, help protect our planet and make a difference in the lives of people around the world.

As a leading global brand, we’ve embraced the opportunity to take action to respond to climate change, and we continue to make progress toward net zero emissions globally by 2050.

McDonald’s has a unique connection with communities around the world, and we believe that comes with a responsibility to support people and their local communities.

We are working with our suppliers to scale practices that make agriculture not just more sustainable, but also regenerative.

It’s not enough to just do less damage to our planet.

That’s why we remain focused on driving climate action, helping to protect natural resources, reducing waste and transitioning to more sustainable packaging.

Guided by our values, we’re focused on creating inclusive workplaces and restaurants.

At the end of 2022, U.S. systemwide spend with diverse owned suppliers was 25.0%, resulting in McDonald’s reaching its diverse owned supplier spend goal for the second year in a row.

We also continued implementation of our Global Brand Standards to promote even safer workplaces across our restaurants.

We know that a diverse workforce is critical to McDonald’s success, which is why we’re committed to providing training, education benefits and career paths that empower people and create opportunities in the communities we serve.

As a System, we’ve been able to make a huge impact in support of Ronald McDonald’s House Charities’ (RMHC) mission.

Together with our Franchisees and customers, over 182 million was donated to RMHC in 2022, helping provide more than 2.2 million overnight stays for families around the world.

I’m proud of the McDonald’s System for deepening the ways we positively impact our communities.

We strive to leverage our entire size and scale to grow our impact across communities, help protect our planet and make a difference in the lives of people around the world.

By working together, as a System and with our suppliers, I believe we have the ability to address these global challenges.

But if there’s anyone who is up to the challenge, it’s the McDonald’s System and our people who drive our business forward and delight our customers each and every day.

Chris Kempczinski, President and CEO, McDonald’s Corporation nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), community based organizations, the investment community and others to help us better understand and advance progress on a range of areas.

Making a positive impact within our communities and on our world is a priority set from the highest levels of our business, including our Board of Directors.

Through the work of various Board committees such as our Sustainability Corporate Responsibility Committee, we have a long history of commitment to incorporating sustainable and socially responsible practices into our business operations.

I’m proud of the work we do to help make a difference, and it’s a privilege to lead our Global Impact team working closely with our Board, CEO and the entire McDonald’s System to drive progress forward.

I look to the future with optimism because of both the progress we’ve made, and the dedication and energy we have for the work ahead.

Since joining McDonald’s last year, I’ve been incredibly impressed by the passion our people and System have for making the world a better place.

McDonald’s is one of the most iconic and trusted brands in the world.

We believe this puts us in an incredible position to create an unmatched impact on our planet and in our communities, and for our people, Franchisees and suppliers.

What began as a small drive in restaurant in San Bernardino, California, has grown into an American icon that proudly serves millions of customers every day around the world.

While much has changed over the last six decades, Ray Kroc’s original commitment to Quality, Service, Cleanliness and Value has endured and made McDonald’s a trusted favorite for over 65 years.

McDonald’s restaurants, whether franchised or operated by us, serve a locally relevant menu of quality food and beverages in communities across more than 100 countries.

Of the more than 40,000 McDonald’s restaurants at year end 2022, approximately 95% were franchised.

We’ve achieved an increase in systemwide sales of nearly 20 billion since 2020, with our global comparable sales growing by almost 11% in 2022.

Marketing We continue to elevate our marketing through creative excellence and by driving programs with cultural relevance that can be scaled across markets.

Core We are capitalizing on the strength of our core menu and growing market share in chicken and beef.

Digital, Delivery and Drive Thru (3 Ds ) We continue to demonstrate huge growth potential, remaining focused on meeting customers where they are and providing more personalized experiences.

We now have almost 50 million active loyalty users in our top six markets.

What matters to our customers matters to McDonald’s, so our vision for the future centers on five core values: Service, Inclusion, Integrity, Community and Family.

Behind our Golden Arches is a global community of crew, farmers, suppliers, Franchisees and countless others who make up who we are as a brand.

People are at the cornerstone of our business and are an essential part of the System.

Company employees, who include those in our corporate offices as well as in Company owned and operated restaurants, totaled over 150,000 worldwide as of year end 2022, of which approximately 70% were based outside of the U.S.

In addition to Company employees, the over 2 million individuals who work in McDonald’s franchised restaurants around the world are critical to our success, enabling it to drive long term value creation and further its purpose and mission.

As the consumer landscape shifts, we are using our competitive advantages to further strengthen our brand.

Our growth pillars build on our strong foundations to ensure we can meet the moment today and have long term success.

Our mission is to make delicious feel good moments easy for everyone.

The backbone of our brand is, and always has been, a commitment to a set of core values that define who we are and how we run our business and restaurants.

Living these values is the foundation of McDonald’s next great chapter.

We’re committed to improving the lives of our people, our industry and the planet by putting our customers and employees first, sourcing quality food, reducing waste impact and expanding job opportunities around the world.

As one of the world’s largest restaurant companies, McDonald’s believes it has the responsibility to take on some of the most pressing challenges of our time, and we embrace this opportunity to lead by example and create meaningful change.

As the leading global foodservice retailer, we believe we have a responsibility to ensure sustainable value creation for shareholders while acting on our most pressing environmental, social and governance challenges.

Understanding and effectively managing McDonald’s environmental and social impact work through governance structures, strategies and goals is central to operating responsibly, maximizing shared value, ensuring brand trust and building long term resiliency.

In 2020, we announced our Impact Strategy, centered on the four Impact Areas shown below.

These were informed by feedback from customers and trusted external organizations to help us make a difference at scale and drive industrywide change across our Company and within communities.

We have established strategies, policies, goals and performance indicators to measure and manage annual progress and report against each area.

Find out more about our Impact Strategy on our website.

We’re helping to drive climate action, protecting natural resources, reducing waste and transitioning to more sustainable packaging and toys.

We’re working toward responsibly sourcing our priority commodities, prioritizing animal health and welfare and making safe, quality food accessible to families across the world.

We’re serving up bright futures in our communities, nurturing skills, accelerating equity and respecting human rights.

We’re helping feed and support people when and where they need it most.

McDonald’s prioritizes environmental and social issues where we can have the greatest impact and are most important to our stakeholders.

In partnership with other teams, our Global Sustainability Social Impact team tracks internal and external insights to help prioritize efforts, evolve our strategy and tailor reporting.

Through regular engagement, the team discusses the evolution of key issues and transparency expectations with shareholders, suppliers, employees, communities and key NGOs.

We use our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework to identify, assess and prioritize strategic, financial and reputational risks with the potential for a sustained impact on our business.

The framework leverages internal risk committees, comprising cross functional leadership, which meet regularly.

Issues are escalated to our CEO, Board and or committees, as appropriate.

Robust governance is critical to managing environmental and social impact issues and delivering long term value for customers, stakeholders and communities.

Our Board and Cross Functional Leadership team are responsible for guiding our strategies, goals, policies and performance indicators, supported by working groups, Franchisees and suppliers.

Board of Directors Oversees our business in an honest, fair, diligent and ethical manner reviews our strategic direction and objectives and is responsible for overseeing our ERM framework.

Accountable for leading our Impact Strategy, including management of environmental, social and governance (ESG) related risks and opportunities to help create long term value.

Global Sustainability Social Impact team Provides Corporate Staff leadership, coordination and support for our global sustainability policies, programs and reporting.

ESG Disclosure Committee Oversees procedures related to the governance of our ESG disclosures, including external impact reporting.

Our ERM framework is designed to identify, assess and prioritize strategic, financial and reputational risks with the potential to have a sustained impact on our Company.

It is periodically reviewed with learning incorporated to drive transparency and strategic decision making.

Our Board annually reviews strategic and enterprise risks, including our mitigation and overall strategy, competitive landscape, capital structure and management succession planning.

Internal auditors support risk identification and monitoring.

Read more about how we build the resilience of our business on our website.

Much of what we and our Franchisees do provide fulfilling employment with opportunity for continuing education, help reduce waste, more sustainably manage natural resources and address climate change has the potential to contribute to sustainable development.

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is a global agenda established to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure prosperity for all.

McDonald’s contributes to many of the agenda’s 17 goals through our System, our scale and our collaborations.

We have identified four SDGs through which we have the largest impact.

We engage closely with various stakeholders and embrace the role we play with policymakers.

The relationships we’ve developed with experts from academia, industry groups, NGOs and community based organizations, the investment community and others help us better understand and advance progress on a range of impact areas.

We offer equitable access to opportunity, ongoing educational support for team members, and offer pre employment training for young people. stakeholders’ insights and expertise regarding the issues where we can have the greatest impact.

Read more about stakeholder engagement and public policy on our website.

Within our respect for human rights, we prevent forced labor in our supply chains, foster workplaces that are safe and respectful and fairly compensate our staff.

We are committed to responsible sourcing of our top commodities to drive progress toward sustainable consumption and production.

We are addressing waste streams from our operations, from packaging to food.

We have committed to reducing our own GHG emissions and we are working with our Franchisees and suppliers to support them in doing the same.

Learn more on our Contributing to the UN SDGs web page.

Our progress and actions are covered in detail in this report, providing a holistic review of the strides and progress we made in 2022.

Unless otherwise stated, the information and data in this report covers McDonald’s Corporation and its majority owned subsidiaries worldwide during fiscal year 2022 (January 1 to December 31).

The humanitarian crisis caused by the war in Ukraine and the precipitating unpredictable operating environment led us to determine that continuing operations in Russia was no longer tenable nor consistent with McDonald’s values.

Due to the transfer of our Russian business in May of 2022, Russia has been excluded from our 2022 performance reporting across topics, unless otherwise stated.

Go to related topics in this PDF wherever you see this symbol.

Our approach to each topic is covered in detail on the Our Purpose Impact pages of our corporate website, including the full scope of our foundational strategies, policies and approaches.

Go to more detail online wherever you see this symbol.

McDonald’s: Our global brand, unless specified otherwise.

We The Company: McDonald’s Corporation and its majority owned subsidiaries worldwide.

The System: The Company, its Franchisees and suppliers are collectively referred to as the System also known as McDonald’s three legged stool.

Franchisees: Collective group of independent individuals and entities owning and operating McDonald’s restaurants under one of the following structures conventional franchise, developmental license or affiliate for more information, please see the Company’s Annual Report.

Includes restaurants owned by the Company and its Franchisees.

This report contains certain forward looking statements or projections, which reflect our expectations regarding future events, performance and goals and involve several risks and uncertainties.

Generally speaking, any statement in this report not based upon historical fact is a forward looking statement.

Forward looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward looking or conditional words, such as could, should, can, continue, estimate, forecast, intend, look, may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, plan, remain, confident and commit or similar expressions.

In particular, statements regarding our plans, strategies, prospects, goals and expectations regarding our business and industry are forward looking statements.

You should not unduly rely on forward looking statements.

These are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the date the statements are made.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update such forward looking statements.

Company employees and Company owned restaurants are in our direct sphere of control.

Therefore, many of the measures start with Company restaurants, with a plan to demonstrate success and encourage Franchisees to implement the same sustainability initiatives.

The following are trademarks of McDonald’s Corporation and its affiliates: McDonald’s, Happy Meal, Hamburger University, Archways to Opportunity, Filet O Fish, McCaf , McNuggets, McFish, McFlurry, McBites, Big Mac, Ronald McDonald House Charities, RMHC, Ronald McDonald House, Ronald McDonald Family Room and Ronald McDonald Care Mobile.

In recent years, there has been an increasing focus by stakeholders including employees, franchisees, customers, suppliers, governmental and non governmental organizations and investors on environmental and social impact matters.

A failure, whether real or perceived, to address environmental and social impact matters or to achieve progress on our environmental and social impact initiatives on the anticipated timing or at all, could adversely affect our business, including by heightening other risks, such as those related to consumer behavior, consumer perceptions of our brand, labor availability and costs, supply chain interruptions, commodity costs, and legal and regulatory complexity.

Conversely, our taking a position, whether real or perceived, on environmental and social impact, public policy, geopolitical and similar matters could also adversely impact our business.

The standards we set for ourselves regarding environmental and social impact matters, and our ability to meet such standards, may also impact our business.

For example, we are working to manage risks and costs to our System related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources, and we have announced initiatives relating to, among other things, climate action, sustainability, and responsible sourcing.

In addition, we are engaging in community engagement and philanthropy as well as diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, such as increasing diverse representation in our corporate workforce and our franchisees, and increasing business diversity spend.

We have faced increased scrutiny related to reporting on and achieving these initiatives, as well as continued public focus on similar matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use.

We have also experienced increased pressure from stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure and establish additional commitments, targets or goals, and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to additional market, operational, execution and reputational costs and risks.

Moreover, addressing environmental and social impact matters requires Systemwide as well as third party coordination and alignment, over which we do not have complete control and which may be unpredictable.

The standards by which certain environmental and social impact matters are measured are also evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time.

Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for more details on risks that could adversely affect our business performance.

For our developmental license and affiliate markets (those not operated by the Company), we rely entirely on the accuracy of the performance data provided by their management.

For more information on our structure and scope, please see our latest Annual Report on our Investors web pages.

In addition, certain information in this report has been provided by third parties, including our suppliers.

In these cases, we have relied on these third parties for accuracy and completeness.

Statements about future developments and past occurrences are based on information and assumptions available as of the date of publication.

Our Franchisees and suppliers are independent business owners who make decisions for their own organizations while maintaining core standards for our brand and customer satisfaction.

Rather, we work in collaboration to raise awareness and provide tools and opportunities to help them manage ESG issues.

We work with suppliers to mutually set objectives and targets, monitor progress and engage collaboratively on shared innovation opportunities and challenges.

Through self managed excellence, suppliers are encouraged to identify and manage key ESG risks and opportunities within their own companies and incorporate relevant goals into their business strategies.

In 2021, we committed to adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5 C. We intend to share more on our climate journey later this year.

We continue to progress toward net zero emissions globally by 2050, transforming our business to be more resilient.

During 2022, we added two large scale, U.S. virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs) to contribute more renewable energy to the grid.

As renewable energy projects for which contracts were executed between 2019 and 2023 associated with U.S. electricity use become operational, they are expected to contribute a 33% reduction in emissions from our 2015 baseline.

In 2022, more than 85.1%, of restaurants in markets with advanced infrastructure5 offered guests the opportunity to recycle packaging items.

In these restaurants, guest packaging is collected in customer facing recycling bins for back of house or off site sorting and recycling utilizing existing local waste infrastructure systems.

More than 85.1% of restaurants in markets with advanced infrastructure5 offered guests the opportunity to recycle packaging items.

We made progress to reduce plastics in our Happy Meal toys.

As of the end of 2022, we have reduced virgin fossil fuel based plastic in Happy Meal toys by 47.8% globally since 2018, up from 24.4% as of the end of 2021.

As of year end 2022, more than 91% of the pork purchased in the U.S. comes from suppliers that have phased out the use of gestation stalls for housing confirmed pregnant sows.

As of year end 2022, our egg supply chains are 100% cage free in Australia,13 France and Germany, 88% cage free in the U.S. and 85% cage free in Canada.

The use of Highest Priority Critically Important Antibiotics (HPCIAs) to human medicine has been eliminated from all chicken served in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Europe, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.

By the end of 2022, we made significant progress across all five Global Happy Meal Goals in our 20 major markets.16 Going forward, we will assess new opportunities and build on the progress we have made so far.

Our 2022 pay gap analysis shows that McDonald’s substantially attained equal pay, and in the first quarter of 2023 we closed the small pay gaps identified in the analysis.

As of the end of 2022, our U.S. systemwide spend with diverse owned suppliers was 25.0%,24 resulting in McDonald’s reaching its 25% diverse owned supplier spend goal for the second year in a row.25 We will continue to implement strategies that help support engagement with diverse owned suppliers and reaching our spend goal.

We continue to implement our Global Brand Standards across all restaurants in more than 40,000 locations.

In 2022, our Building a Safe, Respectful and Inclusive Workplace global eLearning module, available for crew and managers, was made available in multiple languages and offered to Franchisees and Developmental Licensees (DLs) as support.

By the end of 2022, Archways to Opportunity had increased access to education for more than 82,500 people since 2015.

Through it, we have awarded more than 185 million in high school and college tuition assistance.

In 2022, more than 60,000 individuals successfully completed learning offerings, including Hamburger University restaurant and leadership curricula in person or virtual formats and eLearning courses.

We became a member of the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment, a collaborative effort to drive positive change in how we recruit migrant workers.

As reported in our latest Supplier Workplace Accountability (SWA) Global Compliance report, in 2022, we engaged with 5,162 supplier facilities globally including 537 new ones to assess various human rights considerations.

In 2022, we launched a Chicago based investment strategy supporting local communities, including a 3.5 million investment with 40 local nonprofit organizations.

In 2022, we held our first Global Volunteer Month, with over 8,500 employees volunteering across 120 events.

Collectively, they volunteered approximately 16,700 hours to local community causes.

Throughout 2022, we donated 20 million to RMHC as part of our five year, 100 million commitment.

In total, McDonald’s, our Franchisees and customers donated over 182 million to RMHC in 2022, helping the charity provide more than 2.2 million overnight stays for RMHC families around the world.

In 2022, more than 28,000 individuals in the McDonald’s System including Owner Operators, DLs, employees and crew volunteered with RMHC Chapters.

Scope: Inclusive of all markets for our fiber based guest packaging and Happy Meal book and toy packaging.

For our plastic based packaging, all markets are included except for Israel, Latin America, Turkey and Thailand.

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a living source and that can be continually replenished.

Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or ISO 16620 2.

Fiber based packaging made from 100% recycled sources must be third party verified, unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest Management standard.

Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

Please refer to our Nature, Forests Water web page for additional definitions.

Exclusions: Primary fiber based packaging in food packaged off site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray liners and limited locally sourced items.

In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our primary guest packaging sourced from renewable, recycled or certified materials as compared to 2021 due to deployment of packaging materials not yet compliant with our goal standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal.

At the end of 2022, that included 21 markets where McDonald’s operates.

The five as restaurant cooking oil, and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers brew drinks if they are brewed off site coffee extract in ready to drink retail core principles are focused on the following: managing natural resources and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the products and other locally sourced products containing coffee.

Includes all suppliers of products containing animals, ensuring the safety and quality of beef, and driving efficiency and palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned innovation to reduce waste and improve economic viability.

These principles and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil.

All RSPO supply chain models applicable that exist across the globe.

McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce.

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement.

Wild caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural bodies of water.

Filet O Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing wild caught fish.

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest volumes (IP, SG or MB).

Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products.

This is when palm oil is used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, as an emulsifier.

Scope: Primary fiber based packaging refers to products that are used to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants.

This type of packaging includes containers, cups, wraps, bags for food, beverages, napkins, folding cartons, clamshells, wraps, food service bags, napkins, salad bowls, Happy Meal cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers.

In 2021, the primary fiber based packaging scope was expanded to include wood stirrers and cutlery, as well as paper straws and lids.

Initiative (SFI ), CSA Group (Canada) and Cerflor (Brazil).

McDonald’s requires verified as compliant to the McDonald’s Sustainable Fisheries Standard of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the all wood fiber sourced from Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships.

Fisheries may also the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken.

Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, certification.

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, from recovered (reclaimed) material by means of a manufacturing process and has been granted.

Fiber based packaging made are certified against the MSC Chain of Custody traceability standard.

Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine.

Scope: Includes all wild caught fish sourced for Filet O Fish portions served the complexity of soy supply chains, we consider that, unless demonstrated, a chain of custody forest management standard.

Source: ISO 14021:2016. in McDonald’s restaurants.

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight).

Includes all suppliers of priority regions, with the exception of chicken sourced in North America, living source and that can be continually replenished.

Renewable applies to wild caught fish for Filet O Fish to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s where soy used in chicken feed is locally produced and considered low plastics only, not fiber.

Source: ISO 14021:2016, for plastic, ASTM 6866 or ISO restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell risk.

Third party verification means that an independent accredited fish.

Exclusions: Products that are not Filet O Fish containing wild caught or restaurants, for example, soy oil.

The Company has set an expectation that these products are sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance measure given the local, and often promotional, nature of these items.

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s branded retail products.

Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s organization has reviewed the manufacturing process of a product and has determined that the final product complies with standards for the attributed claim.

Credible third parties include professional auditing and certification bodies.

In 2022, we saw a decrease in the percentage of our fish sourced from outlets selling McDonald’s branded coffee products.

Sustainably sourced sustainably managed wild caught fisheries.

This was due to impacts on our refers to coffee sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System that complies supply chain from the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and McDonald’s with the requirements set out by one of the following third party certification decision to exit the Russian market in 2022.

Certified (www.utz.org) Fair Trade USA Certified (www.fairtradecertified.org) compliant with our standards.

Fairtrade International Certified (www.fairtrade.net), or sourced from an sourcing from non compliant fisheries and will increase our supply of fish approved McCaf Sustainability Improvement Platform (SIP) program.

South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S.

Zealand, Poland, the U.K. and the U.S., which represented our top 10 beef sourcing countries and accounted for over 80% of our global beef supply chain sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have become available.

McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from Honduras, Indonesia and Vietnam as of the end of 2022. standards.

We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to farmed fish.

Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel end of 2021.

The Global Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB) aims to oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use to be Rainforest Alliance Certified.

Mexico, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

While initially included in these 20 markets, Russia was removed in 2022 following business changes and our exit from this market.

We subsequently incorporated Mexico into the goal scope, as Keybridge was already monitoring their progress and it allowed us to maintain tracking against 20 markets.

These countries have been excluded from the statistical modeling due to insufficient headcount.

All U.S. paid employees working in other markets are excluded.

This data reflects U.S. employees who voluntarily disclosed race ethnicity information.

Due to rounding, some totals may not correspond with the sum of the separate figures.

Further, this figure is inclusive of U.S. Company owned restaurant spend, supply chain, restaurant development, marketing, legal, global technology, workplace solutions, communication, finance, global people and other corporate functions.

This figure also includes purchases made by Franchisees for advertising, restaurant development, technology, food, distribution, packaging, equipment and uniforms.

Our diverse owned diversity spend is conducted on U.S. employees who voluntarily disclosed race ethnicity figures in the U.S. includes both self certified and formal industry recognized information.

Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the U.K. and the U.S. Corporate employees who support our Development Licensees (DLs) are also included.

Data was obtained through various means, including informal identification and voluntary self disclosure.

Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, people of Hispanic or Latino a x descent, or people having a combination of these identities or attributes.

Tier 2 suppliers are those with whom our suppliers do business.

FY2020 percent spend through the U.S. System with diverse owned suppliers was restated following update of diversity classification of two suppliers and evolved data practices around Tier 2 spend reporting and accounting for Supply Chain managed spend for equipment and operating supplies.

Variance of systemwide spend with diverse owned suppliers may occur in 2023 or 2024.

Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. McDonald’s collects data from McOpCo and participating Franchisees but extrapolates where it does not have access to the underlying data globally.

Italy, Jordan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S.

We recognize that our success is inherently connected to the health of our shared natural resources, which are the essence of our agricultural supply chains.

Therefore, we know we need to protect our planet and manage our impacts, so that we can continue to feed the communities we serve for generations to come.

That is why we’re acting now to deliver on our climate ambitions, protect our global natural resources, increase renewable energy usage, reduce waste and transition to more sustainable packaging and toy materials.

We have created a strategy that puts the planet first by joining the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, committing to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and do our part to help keep global temperature increases below 1.5 C.

We are taking action on climate and transforming our food systems to be more resilient for the future ahead.

Reducing emissions and adapting to climate change is critical to the success of the McDonald’s System.

We work toward our climate action ambitions by focusing on reducing emissions in our restaurant operations, engaging suppliers to reduce emissions in supply chains, strengthening our business resilience and using our voice to advocate for collective transformation.

In 2021, we committed to adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5 C. We intend to share an update on our climate journey later this year.

Climate change is one of the biggest challenges of our time.

Natural disasters and extreme weather patterns pose significant risks to food supply resilience and to communities around the world, including those from which we operate and source.

While acting on climate change is challenging and requires significant investment, it is critical to the strength of our business now and in the future.

We have a unique opportunity as a global brand to mobilize the entire McDonald’s System the Company, Franchisees, suppliers and producers to catalyze change.

With these partners, we are helping to improve our restaurants and food systems and create a better future.

We have embedded our climate goals across our operations, and are prioritizing action in our most carbon intensive areas, including restaurant energy, our supply chain, and packaging and waste.

Measuring our energy impact using millions of climate tracking data points, sharing actionable data and benchmarking insights to inform development of our strategy.

Collaborating to drive and advocate change by partnering with suppliers, Franchisees, industry, governments, NGOs and others on climate action initiatives.

Implementing climate solutions in our supply chain through work with suppliers that strengthens regenerative agriculture practices to conserve our forests and reduce emissions.

Accelerating circularity with packaging and waste strategy, which aims to reduce waste while reducing emissions across our operations and supply chain.

Increasing energy efficiency in restaurants by designing and operating more sustainable restaurants, embracing practices that conserve energy, as well as increasing renewable energy use, with requirements set out in our Global Restaurant Standards (GRS).

Read more about our Climate Action strategy and our approach to responsible sourcing on our website.

In 2018, we committed to reducing GHG emissions related to our restaurants and offices by 36% by the end of 2030 from a 2015 base year.

We’re also targeting a 31% reduction in emissions intensity (per metric ton of food and packaging) across our supply chain.

These science based targets were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2018, and we have continued to work toward them by collaborating with industries, governments, Franchisees, suppliers, consumers and local communities.

In 2021, we joined the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, committing to net zero emissions by 2050.

Through the SBTi Business Ambition for 1.5 C campaign, we are also in the process of adapting our interim 2030 climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5 C.

We are frequently engaging with industry groups focused on developing tools and best practices for addressing climate change.

In 2022, we were part of the SBTi Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) project consultative group, which provided expert advice and direction for companies in land intensive sectors, including developing guidance to ensure robust, clear and practical target setting.

As part of the C Sequ Working Group, we helped develop a clear methodology to account for carbon sequestration in life cycle analysis (LCA) calculations.

We also supported the work of the GWP Group, helping to assess and model its methodology to better understand the warming impact of methane.

Additionally, we continue to collaborate with suppliers, encouraging more of them to set climate targets and implement strategies for reducing emissions intensity, tailored to their own supply chains.

In 2022, McDonald’s China opened its first restaurant to receive LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Zero Carbon certification and Zero certification for net zero energy a Drive Thru restaurant in Shougang Park.

The site features more than 2,000 m2 of on site solar panels that are expected to generate approximately 330,000 kWh annually enough to cover the site’s daily operational power needs.

The restaurant is expected to become the first in the industry to meet dual LEED Zero Carbon Emission and Zero Energy Consumption standards in China and the wider Asia Pacific region.

McDonald’s China has also developed an action plan to promote more sustainable restaurants.

Through the plan, a total of 1,800 restaurants meeting LEED certification standards for Interior Design and Construction were opened by the end of 2022.

McDonald’s UK Ireland seeks to achieve net zero emissions for all market restaurants and offices by 2040.

To achieve this, the market leveraged its first LEED Net Zero standards restaurant, in Market Drayton, as a blueprint for future new build restaurants.

The restaurant, launched as a testing ground for sustainable developments, was the first restaurant built to the UK Green Building Council (UKGBC) Net Zero Standard for operational energy and embodied carbon construction.

The market has now opened a second net zero restaurant in Louth, Lincolnshire.

In Chicago, our flagship restaurant has similarly served as a testing hub for sustainable solutions that could be applied to other locations, such as LED lighting fixtures and more efficient kitchen equipment solutions.

After two years in operation, our Chicago flagship restaurant was the first McDonald’s to receive LEED Platinum certification.

As well as designing our sites to be more sustainable, we’re working with our suppliers and farmers across the world to scale regenerative farming practices that can improve productivity, build resiliency to a changing climate and conserve the forests and natural ecosystems we all depend on.

Read more about our approach to regenerative agriculture on page 39 and on our Responsible Sourcing web page.

We continue to progress toward net zero emissions globally by 2050, transforming our business to be more resilient.

During 2022, we added two large scale U.S. VPPAs to contribute more renewable energy to the grid.

As the U.S. based projects for which contracts were executed between 2019 2023 continue coming online over the next few years, the energy generated is expected to be equivalent to more than 11,700 restaurants’ worth of electricity and is expected to contribute to a 33% reduction in GHG emissions from our global 2015 baseline.

While this represents the impact of our contracted projects, the landscape of the renewable energy industry continues to experience supply chain issues and other headwinds and we also recognize that the impact from some contracted projects in the portfolio could be replaced with other future projects.

We continue to monitor the progress of all projects to ensure they meet our selection criteria as we make progress toward our climate targets.

We are accelerating solutions that help reduce waste while also transitioning to more sustainable packaging and toy materials.

It is our vision that packaging and materials do not end up as waste in the environment.

Our packaging, toys and waste strategies help keep communities clean, protect the planet for future generations and support our long term business resilience.

For years, a key pillar of our strategy has been to reduce the materials we use by lightweighting and optimizing our packaging.

We are accelerating our progress to reduce materials across our portfolio, redesigning some of our most iconic products to eliminate unnecessary packaging and increase opportunities for recovery.

Paper straws and wooden cutlery have been deployed in 50 markets.

Transition to molded fiber technology is progressing across the European region with priority given to legislated markets for cold lids, hot lids and sundae cup and lid packaging.

Pressed paper cutlery alternatives to plastic being launched across the U.K. and Ireland with more to come as supply chains develop.

Wooden stirrers are now deployed in many markets across the globe with the remaining markets to complete transition in 2023.

Reusable packaging has been tested across multiple markets.

We’re committed to advancing a circular economy keeping materials in use rather than relying on new ones.

To help us achieve this, we’re investing in strategic partnerships to help address systemic challenges such as recycling infrastructure, demand for recycled content and development of new materials.

By engaging in strategic partnerships with brands and NGOs, we can increase adoption of circularity across our industry.

As a global company operating in over 100 markets, there is no one size fits all when it comes to packaging and recycling solutions.

Local waste infrastructure and customer preferences make each market unique.

That’s why local pilots are so important to identify sustainable packaging solutions.

We track progress against our goals through supplier and restaurant reports on packaging composition, usage and waste.

As we continue to enhance our methodology and data quality, we can expect annual progress figures to adjust in future reporting cycles.

Goal: We aim to source 100% of our primary guest packaging27 from renewable, recycled or certified materials by the end of 2025.

Progress: By the end of 2022, we were approximately 81.0% of the way toward our goal of sourcing 100% of our primary guest packaging from renewable, recycled or certified materials.28 Approximately 97.2% of our primary fiber based guest packaging was sourced from recycled or certified sources in 2022.

Non structural components of packaging29 are out of scope.

We are making significant progress eliminating unnecessary packaging and transitioning to more sustainable materials.

This is dependent upon reinventing our packaging in a way that continues to meet the needs of our customers and our business and working with suppliers to build supply chains.

We are reducing plastic use by redesigning items such as switching to paper based straws, deploying new McFlurry cups without plastic lids and introducing salad boxes and cutlery made from renewable fiber.

As we strive to meet our global goal, we are working with our suppliers to test new technologies that can scale globally.

For example, we advanced innovative molded fiber technologies to replace plastic lids and sundae ice cream cups.

We are deploying these renewable molded fiber solutions across Europe and in other markets around the world.

Specifically, as it relates to developing alternatives for packaging liners, we are making investments in the technology and supply chain capabilities and collaborating with our suppliers to do so however, the timeframe set for progress is dependent upon our ability to test and deploy at global scale, which continues to be a challenge.

We remain committed to finding a solution now and in the future, toward our goals and for the industry, while monitoring local regulatory requirements.

We continue to focus on reducing virgin fossil based plastics for small items such as straws, cutlery and stirrers.

In addition to fiber based alternatives that are available in the EU markets, we are now using paper straws in Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Korea.

Further markets, including Hong Kong, the Philippines, Singapore and Japan, are transitioning to paper straws in 2023.

Fiber based cutlery is being used in EU member states, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Canada.

The remaining global markets are expected to transition to fiber based cutlery by end of 2025.

Wooden stirrers are now deployed in all markets globally, with the exception of the Middle East, South Africa and Vietnam, where this transition is planned for 2023.

In addition, McDonald’s launched 30 oz clear cups that contribute to sourcing of recycled and bio based mass balance materials across the U.S. market in 2022 following a successful pilot, and plans to continue rolling out additional sizes and lids throughout 2023 and 2024.

Further improvements were made on plastic cutlery alternatives, with pressed paper options being launched in the U.K. and Ireland.

This compostable alternative is made from responsibly managed materials and can be disposed of in paper recycling bins.

This has contributed to a reduction of 250 metric tons of plastic annually.

In Hong Kong, McDonald’s restaurants and McCaf stores are phasing out plastic cutlery and accompanying bags in favor of wooden forks, spoons and knives.

The ultimate impact of this initiative will be to reduce consumption of approximately 90 million pieces of plastic per year.

We are deploying wooden alternatives to plastic cutlery in several other markets, including in Australia, Europe, China and India.

This has led to a reduction of over 4,000 metric tons of plastic annually.

Percentage of primary guest packaging from renewable, recycled or certified sources.

Percentage of fiber based primary guest packaging sourced from recycled or certified sources.

We’re also reducing the amount of packaging materials our products use.

For example, by switching to fiber wraps instead of paperboard cartons, McDonald’s Netherlands has saved 500 metric tons of packaging.

Germany, France and the Netherlands transitioned from clamshells to paper wraps and bags for select menu items, eliminating approximately 7,000 metric tons of packaging annually.

Preparation for a shift to reusable tableware is under way across many markets.

We continue to evaluate and consider the role reusables can play in our restaurants around the world, alongside other circularity solutions.

Progress: By the end of 2022, we reduced virgin fossil fuel based plastic in Happy Meal toys by 47.8%, an improvement from the 24.4% achieved in 2021.

We continue to work on sourcing materials used in Happy Meal toys from renewable, recycled or certified sources.

Achieving this goal is expected to result in an approximately 90% reduction in virgin fossil fuel based plastic used to make Happy Meal toys.

We have also been increasing the use of more sustainable plastics, decreasing our dependence on virgin resources.

Throughout 2022, we saw many markets run paper only programs, including an Arts and Crafts execution with Teen Titans Go Additionally, several executions used renewable plastics, including a Hot Wheels Monster Truck blending Green PE (bio based polyethylene produced from renewable raw material sugar cane) chassis and wheels, with a paper body and packaging.

Goal: We aim to implement global and local solutions across our business to advance the reduction, reuse or recycling of guest packaging, and help create demand for recycled materials by the end of 2025.

Progress: In 2022, more than 85.1%, of restaurants in markets with advanced infrastructure31 offered guests the opportunity to recycle packaging items.

In these restaurants, guest packaging is collected in customer facing recycling bins for back of house or off site sorting and recycling utilizing existing local waste infrastructure systems.

Across the globe, waste and recycling infrastructure differs heavily.

Some of our markets are operating within advanced infrastructures and others where infrastructure is still developing.

In markets where recycling infrastructure is a challenge, we’re focusing on addressing systemic constraints through partnerships and informing local recycling policy.

In many markets globally, we are managing packaging waste through recycling our fiber based packaging.

Over 7,000 restaurants in Europe offer customers the opportunity to recycle guest packaging, and the recycling of used cooking oil, cardboard and food waste from our kitchens is standard operating procedure.

Progress: By the end of 2022, 96% of our guest packaging items did not contain added fluorinated compounds.

For the remaining items, we continue to find and apply alternative coating materials that offer the right grease resistant barriers.

In the U.S., we have removed all intentionally added fluorinated compounds from our guest packaging.

McDonald’s packaging materials comply with state, federal and national level laws and regulations, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and EU, and are verified through chemical testing.

Hygiene and safety are at the forefront of customers’ minds, and we strive to ensure they are balanced with long term sustainability.

Visit our Food Safety web page to learn more about our commitment to food safety and sustainability.

Addressing circularity is not a challenge we can tackle alone.

To help drive change at scale, we are engaging with the wider business community, NGO partners, political stakeholders and academics, as well as our Franchisees, suppliers, customers and restaurant crew.

In 2022, Closed Loop Partners’ NextGen Consortium, of which we are a founding partner, continued to play a leading role in increasing recycling access in the U.S. for paper and plastic single use foodservice packaging, through collaborations with partners from across various industry bodies, NGOs and communities.

We are also a Principal Member of ReSource: Plastic, World Wildlife Fund’s (WWF) platform for translating large scale corporate commitments into measurable progress on plastic waste reduction.

In recent years, we have been exploring the potential role and impact of implementing reusable packaging in McDonald’s restaurants.

While reusables may have the potential to be one solution among others to drive circularity, additional solutions, such as recycling, recovery and reduction, must continue to be part of an overall waste reduction strategy.

We know that advancing a more circular economy is not a one size fits all approach, and we remain committed to doing our part to advance the most practical solutions for our industry.

In a number of markets we have tested and implemented reusable packaging systems most recently in France, Germany and Luxembourg to meet legislative requirements.

We are still learning about the benefits and potential unintended environmental consequences of reuse systems in our industry.

For example, a switch to reusable packaging means transitioning from primarily certified and renewable fiber to a rigid plastic to ensure the item can be washed repeatedly and be durable for the volume of customers we serve.

Reusables could result in more plastic waste if reusable items are not returned or reused a high volume of times.

Reusables require washing, which means we need to continue measuring the water and energy used for washing and the impact on GHG emissions.

We believe more time is required to test and understand the environmental, economic and food safety impacts of reusable food packaging before scaling.

While we continue to explore the impact of reusables on our business and the environment, we remain focused on our existing goals to advance the reduction and recycling of guest packaging and improve the sustainability of the packaging materials we source.

McDonald’s has developed a system to minimize supply chain food waste using a hierarchy adapted from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Food Recovery Hierarchy.

Our approach is supported by our Global Food Disposition Policy to help eradicate food waste in restaurants and supply chain facilities.

In 2022, McDonald’s USA and its suppliers in the U.S. donated over 1.6 million pounds of food and paper combined from suppliers and distribution centers worth more than 3.4 million to support local U.S. food banks and communities.

We’re taking a holistic approach to protecting natural resources, the communities that rely on them and the future of our business.

We aim to help manage nature related risks and build resilience by working with farmers to preserve and regenerate nature, and support biodiversity.

Water is also a critical resource at every step of our value chain, from supplier processes to our restaurant and office operations.

These issues are closely connected to our work in climate action, responsible sourcing and human rights.

Natural resources like healthy soils, grasslands and forests are particularly important to the farming systems and communities that produce food for our menu.

We prioritize specific requirements in certain regions and countries based on our definitions of low and high priority regions as related to deforestation risk, taking into account supply chain data and trends.

See our Definitions of Deforestation section for more details on how these are defined.

Coffee McDonald’s requires coffee sourced from Honduras, Indonesia and Vietnam to be Rainforest Alliance Certified 36 because they have been identified as high deforestation regions.

McDonald’s has been on a journey to help support sustainable food production and forest conservation for more than three decades.

We’re also taking action to help prevent forest clearances, protect biodiversity, reduce our carbon footprint and respect human rights.

To adapt our value chain to and mitigate against climate change, we prepare for climatic events that could impact the natural resources we depend on, as well as transition risks associated with the shift to a low carbon economy.

Our targets for climate action take into account estimated emissions from land use change such as deforestation for farmland which are modeled using our climate impact tracking system.

We embed water stewardship practices in our sourcing requirements and restaurant operational practices, and support projects across the world that safeguard nature.

Nature based solutions are actions to protect, sustainably manage and restore natural or modified ecosystems that address societal challenges effectively and adaptively, simultaneously providing human well being and biodiversity benefits.

Using nature based solutions helps us to continue reducing our environmental impact related to climate and controlling the level of deforestation in our primary commodity chains.

We are bringing together innovative forest and climate measurement systems to better assess the positive impact of forest conservation in our supply chains and advance more planet friendly processes.

We also encourage others to do their part and to drive industry action at scale through our memberships in collaborative groups like the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), the Forest Positive Coalition, the WWF Climate Business Network and the GHG Protocol Land Based Accounting group, as well as our work in international bodies such as the Global Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB), and local bodies.

These practices contribute to more resilient food systems and communities, and a more sustainable global economy.

See our website for a more detailed focus on our forests, nature and biodiversity and water strategies.

Eliminate Deforestation refers to McDonald’s global pledge to tackle deforestation, and all of the social and environmental criteria in our Commitment on Forests in our agricultural and forestry supply chains.

We use the term supporting deforestation free supply chains below to more accurately reflect the actions we are currently taking to implement, measure and report progress toward our Commitment on Forests.

Deforestation refers to the loss of natural forest as a result of conversion to agriculture or other non forest land use conversion to a plantation forest or severe and sustained degradation as aligned with the definitions of Accountability Framework initiative (Afi).

High priority regions are defined as countries, biomes, municipalities, postcodes or farms plantations that are identified as areas where deforestation occurs or is projected to occur as determined through regular assessments that rely on the latest supply chain data and trends.

McDonald’s assesses this risk annually with third parties, including WWF, to take into account the latest supply chain data and trends.

Low priority regions refers to countries, biomes, municipalities, postcodes or farms plantations that are classified as no or low risk of deforestation, as determined through regular assessments that rely on the latest supply chain data and trends.

McDonald’s assesses this risk annually with third parties, including WWF, to take into account the latest supply chain data and trends.

Supporting deforestation free supply chains refers to commodities in our supply chains that are either sourced sustainably from high priority regions and comply with the certification or verification schemes as set out below, or are sourced from low priority regions as above.

Goal: Eliminate deforestation from our global supply chains by the end of 2030, building on the progress from our 2020 milestones in highest priority commodities and regions.

When we set this commitment in 2015, we prioritized action and measurement with public milestones for 2020 for the products we use in the greatest volumes and with the potential to have the greatest impact on forests.

We continue our focus on supporting deforestation free supply chains for our primary commodities, such as beef, soy (for chicken feed), palm oil, coffee and fiber (used in primary guest packaging).

To achieve our goal of eliminating deforestation from our global supply chain by the end of 2030, we are partnering globally with WWF, Proforest and industry groups to multiply positive impact.

We are also engaging with suppliers on bespoke plans and enhanced data reporting to mitigate future risks.

We reviewed our soy footprint by volume with Proforest and worked with 3Keel to understand our area based footprint for priority commodities.

Our volumes of physical RSPO certified palm oils increased from 13% in 2016 to 74.5% in 2022 (25.6% Segregated, 48.9% Mass Balance), with the remaining 25.5% as RSPO Book and Claim Credits.

In 2022, we joined the CGF’s Forest Positive Coalition.

The coalition is a multi company initiative to stop commodity driven deforestation and address global climate change issues across consumer goods manufacturers and retailers.

As part of this membership, McDonald’s will be publicly reporting on an agreed set of key performance indicators (KPIs) to maintain ongoing transparency and accountability.

McDonald’s is committed to working together with stakeholders and supply chain actors to directly support development and improvement of sustainable palm oil production.

As such, we are committed to the delivery of NDPE (no deforestation, no expansion on peat and no exploitation) in palm oil production.

We recently engaged with one of our major palm oil suppliers, Wilmar, on a series of projects to improve transparency and sustainability outcomes for our palm oil supply chain, alongside our joint partners in Proforest.

Through this collaboration, we have been engaged in the development of the NDPE Implementation Reporting Framework (IRF), building on progress made to date to provide an overview of progress for all palm oil mills supporting a refinery.

Our work will drive greater improvement in NDPE IRF Deforestation and Peat profiles as well as Land and Labor profiles within our supply chains, including greater engagement with smallholders to help improve traceability and sustainability outcomes.

McDonald’s has also collaborated with a palm oil sustainable landscape initiative in Indonesia named Sustain Kutim.

This initiative takes a holistic approach to reaching NDPE commitments, supporting both district government and local communities to monitor and manage community forests, improve agricultural practices and support livelihoods.

In 2021, we conducted water efficiency pilots across 19 restaurants in Southern California.

Post implementation analysis of some restaurants resulted in roughly a 30% reduction in water use and annualized savings of 3.7 million gallons through various retrofits and maintenance measures.

Building on this success, an additional 34 stores were surveyed in 2022.

McDonald’s France encourages good environmental practices through EcoProgress, a sustainability management platform.

EcoProgress includes 15 practices focusing on water management, such as improving flush efficiency and waterless urinals.

Restaurants are also encouraged to report and analyze their monthly water consumption, then create action plans to improve their consumption using a dashboard provided.

We are partnering with Tyson Foods on the row crop portion of Tyson Foods’ Climate Smart Commodities Grant Project and plan to commit 10 million in funding over five years.

At scale, this program aims to cover 2 million acres of crop land, some of which will be used to feed Tyson Foods’ chickens in the U.S., including those entering the McDonald’s U.S. supply chain through 2030.

If successful, the Climate Smart Commodities Grant Project also aims to reduce 170,000 metric tons of CO2e annually by year five of the program.

In early 2022, we launched a regenerative agriculture program that aims to involve 60 wheat farmers in France, with the goal of planting 230,000 trees within 150 km of hedges by the end of 2030.

Working with partner specialists, including the Earthworm Foundation and French organizations Agroof and Icosysteme, the pilot project will work with two cooperatives and McDonald’s France’s buns supplier, and will last at least three years.

For more on our approach and progress toward regenerative agriculture see page 39 and our Responsible Sourcing web page.

For our plastic based packaging, all markets are included except for Israel, Latin America, Turkey and Thailand.

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a living source and that can be continually replenished.

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including material.

NGOs, external manufacturing partners and scientists, and based on an operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef.

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s assessment of sustainable toy and packaging industry leaders so that our requires all beef raw material sourced from high deforestation priority regions branded retail products.

Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and safety and functionality.

Our efforts will result in an approximate 90% reduction meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests.

Countries with regions currently identified as high priority for beef include outlets selling McDonald’s branded coffee products.

Exclusions: Beef used as secondary currently identified as high deforestation priority regions for coffee include unless certified under a Chain of Custody Forest Management standard.

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken.

Europe refers to Austria, these regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified.

Exclusions: Coffee extracts and ingredients used in products such as frapp s and coffee in baked goods coffee in cold brew drinks if they are brewed off site coffee extract in ready to drink retail products and other locally sourced products containing coffee.

Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Herzegovina, to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants.

This type of to not intentionally adding fluorinated compounds through our processes, but fluorinated compounds present in the local environment make it difficult to remove all traces of fluorine from packaging.

Forests Water web page for additional definitions.

Exclusions: Primary fiber based packaging in food packaged off site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray liners and limited locally sourced items.

We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to continue making supply chain improvements to meet our packaging sourcing standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal.

We continue to monitor industry standards on these components and opportunities to work toward making any part of our packaging, including non structural components, more sustainable.

Fiber based toys or fiber components in the toys: 100% certified fiber required.

All other materials: McDonald’s ambition is to reduce the use of virgin fossil fuel based plastics, offer sustainable toys by the end of 2025 and not manufacture electronics and batteries in Happy Meal toys globally.

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine.

Includes all suppliers of primary national infrastructure network, (3) existing legislation on recycling and (4) high regions currently identified as high deforestation priority regions for soy based packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants customer awareness of waste and recycling.

At the end of 2022, that included include Argentina (Chaco biome), Brazil (Amazon and Cerrado biomes) and owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees.

Latin America, Turkey and Thailand, and Happy Meal book and toy packaging.

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a living source and that can be continually replenished.

Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or consider that, unless demonstrated, all of McDonald’s sources of soy for such as wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids.

This broadened chicken feed fall into high deforestation priority regions, with the exception scope has resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance.

All volumes of of chicken sourced in North America where soy used in chicken feed is locally contingency items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but produced and considered low risk.

Exclusions: Soy used as an ingredient in not integrated into our data reporting system were counted as non compliant.

McDonald’s products sold in restaurants, for example, soy oil.

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood product’s ingredient statement.

Includes all suppliers of products containing sources with full chain of custody certification.

McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from these regions to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

Exclusions: Primary fiber based packaging in food packaged off site McDonald’s restaurants tray liners, straws and limited locally sourced items.

McDonald’s commits operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil.

All RSPO supply chain models applicable volumes sourced of these commodities.

Forests Water web page for additional definitions.

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although liners and limited locally sourced items.

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical removed from the calculation (Israel, LATAM, Turkey and Thailand) as they are certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest not centrally managed markets.

Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products.

This is when palm oil is used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier.

Animal health and welfare is also a central focus of our sustainability strategy.

By providing quality food, sustainable ingredient sourcing and varied menu choices, we can help ensure the continued well being of generations far into the future.

At McDonald’s, we know that a better future cannot be achieved without making safe, sustainably sourced meals accessible globally.

We recognize that food production can have significant impacts.

That’s why we’re increasingly sourcing our ingredients from deforestation free supply chains and sustainable, recycled or certified sources.

Serving safe and quality food in every market, each and every day, is our top priority and a long standing commitment at McDonald’s.

Strict food safety standards and protocols are embedded in everything we do, from food sourcing, menu development, packaging and distribution to the running of our restaurants.

We are embracing technology and working closely with our suppliers and expert partners to improve efficiency and reduce risks.

Committed to lead, we share our knowledge internally through training and externally with our peers.

Ensuring product traceability from ingredient to restaurant is a key step in McDonald’s food safety protocols.

To achieve this, we work closely with our suppliers, through standards like the Supplier Quality Management System (SQMS) and our Distributor Quality Management Process.

We work to source and serve safe food and beverages each day, building trust as we strive to achieve food safety excellence across our industry.

We execute this strategy through our food safety and hygiene strategic work.

We are supporting these strategic areas through the continuous improvement of our standards and policies, with annual reviews based on current science and industry best practices.

We are monitoring and identifying innovations and technology to strengthen our systems and drive simplification where possible to improve behaviors and performance.

Read about our Food Safety strategy on our website.

In 2022, we continued to advance food safety risk management (FSRM) practices with the development and deployment of a FSRM dashboard.

This provides our Global and Market Food Safety and Quality teams with risk management data and information to develop plans for mitigating risks.

We have continued to engage the members and leaders of our Global Food Safety Advisory Council to consistently monitor and prepare for emerging risks globally.

To support this, our U.S. market works with food industry and technology companies to define standards for digitizing product traceability.

To support our response to queries on the topic of food safety, we have developed the knowledge of our global and market staff with dedicated training.

In addition, through benchmarking and collaboration with internal stakeholders, we have established global food safety KPIs for implementation in 2023.

McDonald’s Baltics invested heavily in digitalizing restaurant checklists to drive continuous improvement.

McDonald’s UK responded proactively to the U.K. Food Information Amendment (also known as Natasha’s Law) by developing a customer facing and website available allergen information guide.

By the end of 2022, as part of our Digital Food Safety (DFS) initiative, 88% of our restaurants had fully implemented the move from paper based to digital food safety checklists.

This supports the production of real time reports to help identify potential food safety risks and prompt immediate remedial action.

The remaining restaurants are expected to follow in 2023.

In 2022, we launched our second food safety culture assessment to measure cultural excellence.

To gain a representative sample, 24 McDonald’s markets and more than 11,000 people participated.

Across our market and global functions, we improved our overall score by six points, from 82 to 88 compared to 2019.

In the Franchisee segment, we achieved a five point improvement, from 78 to 83.

Both scores are above the industry average of 75 and are graded as A and A results.

Restaurant Managers participated for the first time and achieved 85 (A), which completes the results at restaurant level.

We will now analyze the findings and build a robust action plan to maintain our strengths and elevate opportunities.

We celebrate Food Safety Week every year and in 2022 the theme was food safety culture.

Leaders from different functions and markets shared their perspectives on why food safety is an important issue for everybody and how it relates to McDonald’s core values.

We engaged with suppliers and markets during the week, with direct dialogue between market food safety leads and global food safety experts.

During Food Safety Week, our dedicated website had 3,200 visitors.

In December 2022, we participated in a panel discussion and shared perspectives on what food safety is and how to work with culture to improve it, hosted by Campden BRI.

McDonald’s has been on the Fruits and Vegetable Technical committee with the Global Good Agriculture Program (GLOBALG.A.P.) since 2017 to continually improve global agriculture practice standards.

McDonald’s played a leading role in founding SSAFE and has been an active participant since to develop a food safety culture assessment tool for any company to leverage.

A Global Food Safety team member shared our approach to digital food safety at the Center for Food Safety’s annual meeting at the University of Georgia (UGA), U.S.

We have assisted the Philippine National Department of Agriculture in developing its training program on food safety risk management.

One of our U.S. Food Safety team members presented at the North America Food Safety and Quality Conference to share best practices in food safety risk management.

We participated in a meeting to discuss emerging risk identification in the food chain hosted by the European Food Safety Agency (EFSA).

Our Supply Chain Immerging Course in China continues to engage suppliers and cross functional teams about McDonald’s supply chain principles and values, which includes strengthening food safety culture and commitment from the beginning when they enter the system.

McDonald’s China has digitalized tiered food safety learning and conducted annual certification with all company employees (including office staff) for the past eight years.

Collaboration is important for standardizing food safety practices and requirements.

McDonald’s has been actively sharing food safety best practices at global conferences and meetings with industry peers, academics, government agencies and consumer groups for decades.

We also participate in advancing food safety practices in the countries and communities where we operate, as part of our commitment to local engagement.

In 2022, we collaborated with our suppliers and other stakeholders on food safety.

Together, we updated our Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) standards to evolve food safety and environmental control programs at food manufacturing facilities among other enhancements.

We also conducted annual independent, third party food safety audits of our suppliers to verify their compliance with our strict food safety and quality standards.

In 2022, 92% of audited suppliers met these SQMS requirements fully.

To ensure supplier alignment with our food safety standards, our Global Supply Chain team has launched a series of virtual RizePoint training videos for all suppliers on the Digital Depot.

Through RizePoint, we can measure and track supplier compliance against food safety and quality management requirements.

In October 2022, we conducted a virtual global supplier event to provide insights into our current strategic work and plans, as well as updates from suppliers about their Supplier Self Managed Excellence journey.

We also hosted several webinars for our staff and suppliers on topics such as Food Safety Culture (553 participants) and Food Defense Planning (475 participants).

As one of the most frequented restaurants in the world, we help feed millions of people every day, with a focus on offering families the choices they love.

We are listening to our customers and evaluating our menu to identify ways to evolve our offerings while maintaining the great taste people know and love.

We provide a variety of choices to customers and bring families together to share moments and create lasting memories.

Our nutrition strategy is integrated into our Global Sustainability Social Impact team responsibilities to provide leadership, coordination and support for McDonald’s global nutrition goals and reporting.

Our strategy has been grounded in goals related to our Happy Meal, as we heard from parents and stakeholders that focusing on kids and families is where we can have the biggest impact.

Parents are looking for menu choices they can feel good about when it comes to feeding their kids.

That’s why we’ve been making balanced meals more accessible to families across the world and offering options that contribute to recommended food groups, such as fruits, vegetables and low fat dairy.

As we look to the future, we will share learning across markets and assess new opportunities to build on the progress we have made so far.

Read more about our Nutrition and Marketing strategy on our website.

From 2018 to 2022, we’ve made significant progress to offer and promote more fruit, vegetables, low fat dairy, whole grains, lean protein and water across 20 major markets.

Markets around the world have united in our effort to evolve the Happy Meal, in partnership with leading children’s health organization, Alliance for a Healthier Generation.

More than 5.7 billion fruit, vegetable, low fat dairy, water, lean protein or whole grain items have been served in Happy Meal.

We have reduced calories by 6%, sodium by 9%, saturated fat by 15% and added sugar by 26% in Happy Meal Bundle Offerings.

We have introduced 70 new Happy Meal Offerings containing a recommended food group globally.

More than 50 marketing innovations have been leveraged to promote recommended food groups, such as fruit, vegetables and low fat dairy.

In 2022, 100% of ads shown to children featured water, milk or juice and fruits, vegetables or dairy as the Happy Meal beverage and side.

We have removed 100% of artificial flavors, added colors from artificial sources and artificial preservatives where feasible from Happy Meal Offerings.

McDonald’s top priority is to ensure all items meet our strict food safety and quality standards.

Where feasible means that by removing an artificial preservative there will not be a sacrifice in the food quality or safety standards, value or taste.

In certain cases, it was determined that an artificial preservative was necessary to ensure the safety, quality, taste or value of the food.

Our Global Happy Meal Goals span various facets of nutrition and marketing.

These include offering balanced meals, simplifying ingredients, transparently communicating nutrition information, responsibly marketing to children and leveraging marketing innovations to encourage increased purchase of items containing recommended food groups.

Due to the community aspect of McDonald’s and our global network, our markets regularly share best practices to inspire others providing guidance on achieving the goals.

Since the inception of the goals, Keybridge, an independent third party, has supported us in measuring and reporting progress in the 20 major markets.

While initially included in these 20 markets,39 Russia was removed in 2022 following our exit from this market.

We subsequently incorporated Mexico into the goal scope, as Keybridge was already monitoring its progress and it allowed us to maintain tracking against 20 markets.

For our performance against these goals, you can read Keybridge’s closing report on progress against our five Global Happy Meal Goals or the summary that follows.

Ensure 50% or more of the Happy Meal Bundle Offerings listed on menus in each market meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria of less than or equal to 600 calories, 10% of calories from saturated fat, 650 mg of sodium and 10% of calories from added sugar.

One market received an exemption from fulfilling this goal and two markets received extensions to meet the goal by end of 2023.

In Spain, we have made great progress, increasing our Nutrition Criteria aligned offering from 27% to 80%.

Not only did we introduce new options such as Chicken McBites, Salad and the McFreezy, but we also removed certain items from menu boards and ordering screens to improve their compliance, including cheeseburgers, McFish, Mini McFlurry and small potato wedges.

Recommended offerings such as the side salad, cherry tomatoes and yogurt are offered year round, in addition to rotating seasonal fruits such as apples and melon.

Remove artificial flavors and added colors from artificial sources from all Happy Meal Offerings, and reduce artificial preservatives in Happy Meal Offerings where feasible without sacrificing the safety, taste, quality or value of our food.

We have removed 100% of artificial flavors, added colors from artificial sources and artificial preservatives where feasible from Happy Meal Offerings.

One key to innovating our Happy Meal is finding ways to make items with simpler ingredients.

In Latin America, Arcos Dorados, the largest McDonald’s DL, made various menu changes and product reformulations to simplify ingredient lists.

Removed artificial preservatives from cooking oils for French fries and chicken McNuggets across Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.

Introduced a new kids’ yogurt in Argentina that contains no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives, and in Brazil, we reformulated our strawberry yogurt to remove artificial flavors.

Reformulated the ketchup and mustard in Brazil to contain no artificial preservatives.

To communicate these positive changes with customers, Brazil launched a Clean Label Happy Meal campaign in 2021, which received more than 1.9 million views on YouTube.

Our top priority is to ensure all items meet their strict food safety and quality standards.

Where feasible means that by removing an artificial preservative, there will not be a sacrifice in the food quality or safety standards, value or taste.

In certain cases, it was determined that an artificial preservative was necessary to ensure the safety, quality, taste or value of the food.

To encourage greater take rates for recommended sides, we increased the number of side offerings containing recommended food groups from one (corn cups) in 2020 to three (side salads, corn and green soybean cups, and yogurts) in 2021.

This was supported by targeted advertising campaigns to celebrate the importance of vegetable consumption.

As a result, take rates for recommended sides increased from just 8% in 2020 to 21% in 2021.

Goal 3: Be transparent with Happy Meal nutrition information.

Ensure that nutrition information for Happy Meal offerings is available and accessible through all owned websites and mobile apps used for ordering where they exist.

Two markets were granted an exemption from publishing one or two nutrients due to local legislative requirements.

Clear, easy to access information is vital to help consumers make better choices about what they buy.

It’s why, in France, nutrition information for menu items is easily accessible through the Happy Meal section on our mobile app.

They also publish Nutri Score information, a third party, voluntary tool that aims to allow the consumer to compare offerings of the same category through use of a color code and five level note to represent the nutrition information of an offering.

France chose to add this tool separately from the Goal 3 commitment as an additional nutrition summary tool to meet the needs of the French consumer.

All Happy Meal Bundles advertised to children44 will meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria and continue to meet any existing applicable local regional advertising pledges.

We want to help make more balanced choices the fun choices.

To realize this, we are using our reach to encourage millions of kids to eat more fruit and vegetables.

Across markets like France, the U.K. and Italy, we developed Happy Meal adverts focused on recommended offerings, such as fruit and vegetables.

Leverage innovative marketing to help increase purchase of foods and beverages that contain recommended food groups in Happy Meals.

More than 5.7 billion Happy Meal Offerings sold in 2018 2022 across the 20 major markets contained recommended food groups (fruit, vegetable, low fat dairy, water, lean protein or whole grain).

While not all markets saw an increase in the purchase of food and beverages containing recommended food groups in Happy Meals, we are proud of the actions we have taken to steer us in a positive direction.

Examples of local market successes have equipped us with important learning that we can use to build on this progress and scale the successful efforts we saw.

We’re using our scale and influence to help positively impact our planet, animals and the people in our supply chain, especially for our priority ingredients where we can have the greatest impact beef, soy for chicken feed, fiber, palm oil, fish and coffee.

The road to serving a McDonald’s menu item to a delighted customer is long and complex.

Our global supply chain spans countries, continents and industries.

We approach responsible sourcing holistically, understanding that our work impacts the livelihoods of people, the health of our shared planet and the well being of animals.

Our responsible sourcing approach is key to how we’re taking climate action.

Following the substantial achievement of our 2020 Responsible Sourcing Goals, we continue to work with our suppliers on what is outlined in those commitments, evaluating ongoing progress.

To uphold our brand value of doing the right thing and to our long term ability to provide quality food to customers, we are committed to creating transparent and trusted supply chains.

We approach responsible sourcing by considering our impact from the livelihoods of the people who produce our food and the communities where they live to the well being of the planet and animals we rely on.

We aim to deliver responsible sourcing programs that drive lasting, meaningful outcomes on critical environmental, social and corporate issues.

To enable these outcomes, we focus on the following Priority Impact Areas: promoting the health and welfare of animals respecting human rights addressing climate change reducing food and packaging waste and protecting nature, forests and water resources.

We focus on responsibly sourcing our priority products.

Our position gives us the opportunity to help drive bigger changes across global food systems, as well as supporting our overall corporate sustainability goals.

These commitments cover animal health and welfare, climate and forests, and span through to 2050.

By thinking globally, we can create global impact.

We believe in the power of regenerative agriculture practices to increase biodiversity, enrich soils and boost climate resilience.

At McDonald’s, we look to scale the adoption of regenerative agriculture practices to improve soil health and biodiversity, optimize water availability, drive climate action through carbon sequestration and help restore and protect delicate ecosystems.

Read our approach to supporting deforestation free supply chains on our Nature, Forests Water web page and our approach to regenerative agriculture on our Responsible Sourcing web page.

Maintaining soil health is crucial for the productivity and long term sustainability of agriculture, acting to reduce erosion, maximize water yield and improve nutrient density.

These practices help to enhance farmer prosperity and make processes more resilient in the long run.

Best practices for ensuring soil health include keeping it covered and minimizing soil disturbance to protect from the impacts of climate, reduce erosion, and keep water and key nutrients in place.

Another large part of keeping soil healthy is maintaining living roots, allowing for maximum water and nutrient absorption.

In an initiative to increase plant cover and protect soil, McDonald’s France introduced a new regenerative agriculture program in 2022.

It aims to transform farming practices and plant 230,000 trees within 150 km of hedges on French farms by the end of 2030.

The pilot project aims to involve 60 farms of McDonald’s wheat cooperatives and suppliers, and will last at least three years, with the intent to collect insights to be replicated on other farms in the future.

By the end of 2022, more than 8 km of hedges were planted and 235 hectares of diversified agronomic covers were sown.

In collaboration with Cargill, The Nature Conservancy and Target, we are supporting row crop farmers in Nebraska to implement regenerative agriculture practices with the aim to help mitigate climate change and improve the resiliency of land.

This five year initiative is expected to impact 100,000 acres of land used for corn production through a joint 8.5 million investment.

By improving soil health and optimizing processes, we have the potential to sequester an estimated 75,000 metric tons of carbon.

Increasing biodiversity helps to keep our ecosystem in delicate balance and supports all life on earth helping the planet and our population be more adaptive and resilient.

It also plays a crucial role in supporting global food security.

Grazing practices such as rotational grazing and reduction of external inputs boost biodiversity, benefit the productivity and fertility of the land and help to combat the impacts of climate change.

Restoring Canadian grasslands: We partnered with Ducks Unlimited Canada and Cargill to conserve Canadian grasslands, with the goal of returning 125,000 acres of cropland to grass and pasture by 2025.

In the second year of our partnership, we enrolled 24,243 acres of forage, including 229 new farmers, and sequestered 14,788 metric tons of CO2e.

Reducing GHG emissions in France: For almost 10 years, we have utilized the CAP’2ER tool, which is an environmental footprint calculator that evaluates the positive and negative environmental impacts within beef farming, helping to identify where farmers can work especially to reduce their GHG emissions and improve their carbon storage.

To date, more than 20,000 assessments have been carried out in the French cattle sector.

We have verified through the ones undertaken at our suppliers’ farms that 96,700 hectares of land are being managed to support biodiversity in 2022.

Cattle are a vital part of the farm ecosystem, contributing to soil biology with the trampling of grass and addition of dung to feed soil microbes naturally fertilizing the land as they are rotated from area to area.

This approach also supports habitats for insects and birds, which benefit overall biodiversity.

In the U.K., we’re working with FAI Farms on a Regenerative Grazing Network that harnesses the power of cattle to help increase biodiversity and improve soil health.

The Network, which includes 11 farmers and McDonald’s suppliers OSI and Dawn Meats, aims to understand how regenerative principles and practices could be applied across the U.K. and Ireland, and then adapted at scale within the supply chain.

As part of our five year pilot initiative with Cargill, the Walmart Foundation and World Wildlife Fund (WWF), we have invested 1.6 million to support ranchers in the Northern Great Plains through the Ranch Systems and Viability Planning (RSVP) network.

Through RSVP, ranchers have access to ecological monitoring educational scholarships to attend grazing and soil health workshops a grazing management cost share program that helps them improve grazing infrastructure on their ranches technical assistance and access to a peer to peer learning network.

Currently, the program is working with 80 ranches impacting almost 800,000 acres across Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska and Wyoming.

We continue to make the health and welfare of animals a priority throughout our supply chain.

Serving safe, quality food relies on animals that are properly cared for throughout their lives.

At McDonald’s, this includes both animal health and welfare, and our long standing commitment to responsible antibiotic use in food animals.

As part of this commitment, we have worked to promote antibiotic stewardship and reduce use since 2003, when we first published our global policy prohibiting routine use for the purpose of growth promotion.

While individual countries may be impacted by different regulations, legislation and standards, we remain focused on the positive impact we can have by working with suppliers and promoting responsible practices.

We source chicken, beef and dairy, pork and eggs from suppliers globally who share our values.

Our expectations for these suppliers are clearly outlined in our policies, standards and specifications for raw materials and finished products which include strict requirements for animal health and welfare.

Pork Our U.S. pork supply chain is more than 91% of the way to our goal to phase out the use of gestation stalls for housing confirmed pregnant sows by the end of 2024.

Eggs More than 88% of our eggs sourced in the U.S. are cage free, with a goal of 100% by the end of 2025 in the U.S.

The goal has helped transform our supply chains, and other markets have made similar commitments.

Chicken We are currently on track to achieve our eight Broiler Welfare Commitments, which are expected to be fully implemented by the end of 2024.

HPCIA52 use has been eliminated from chicken served in the following markets: Australia, Brazil, Canada, Europe, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.

We believe we have a responsibility to improve the health and welfare of animals in our supply chain and work with our global network of suppliers to actively encourage industry and cross sector collaboration.

To help achieve a positive impact in this area, we engage recognized subject matter experts and academia to access guidance and challenge the way we think.

Taking a holistic approach that considers everything from housing to humane slaughter, we leverage our global scale in local markets to help drive positive outcomes.

Through our commitment to responsible antibiotic use, we are collaboratively doing our part to help preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics for future generations.

According to the World Health Organization (WHO), over use and misuse of antibiotics in animals and humans is contributing to the rising threat of antibiotic resistance.

Our focus is on refining antibiotic selection and administration, reducing non therapeutic antibiotic use and, when possible, replacing antibiotics with long term solutions to proactively prevent disease and protect animal health and welfare.

We remain committed to the treatment of sick animals aligned with herd veterinarian direction to ensure the safety of our supply chain.

Read our Animal Health Welfare and Responsible Antibiotic Use strategies in detail on our website.

Our expectations for pork suppliers are clearly outlined in our policies, standards and specifications for raw materials and finished products.

Goal: In the U.S., we’re working with pork suppliers to phase out the use of gestation stalls (small, enclosed pens) for housing pregnant sows by the end of 2024.

Progress: As of the end of 2022, more than 91% of our pork purchased in the U.S. comes from suppliers that have phased out the use of gestation stalls for housing confirmed pregnant sows.

In 2021, we stated that we expected to reach 85 90% of our target by the end of 2022.

At that time, progress and conversion rates had been delayed by the impacts of COVID 19 and the global outbreak of African Swine Fever, which resulted in extending this target by two years.

Then, and now, we remain committed to working with our suppliers and agricultural partners to achieve our goal.

Our commitment is guided by the industry and American Association of Swine Veterinarians (AASV) endorsed definition for group housing for pregnant sows.

Goal: The U.S. has a goal of sourcing 100% cage free eggs by the end of 2025.

Progress: As of the end of 2022, the U.S. egg supply chain is at more than 88% cage free.

Canada and Arcos Dorados (the largest McDonald’s Developmental Licensee, with operations in Latin America and the Caribbean) have also set goals of sourcing 100% cage free eggs by the end of 2025.

As of the end of 2022, Canada now sources more than 85% cage free eggs.

In certain markets, we’ve achieved a cage free egg supply chain.

Australia,56 France and Germany have each achieved a 100% cage free egg supply chain.

Progress: Across the in scope markets, HPCIA use has been eliminated in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Europe, Japan, South Korea and the U.S., with China expected to comply before the end of 2027.

Commitment: We are committed to sourcing chickens raised with improved welfare outcomes.

Progress: We are currently on track to achieve our 2024 Broiler Welfare Commitments across our in scope markets.

As of the end of 2022, in scope markets represented more than 58% of our global chicken supply.

These commitments apply to chicken raised for sale at McDonald’s restaurants in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Poland, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S.

Goal: In collaboration with our suppliers, producers and farmer partners, we will establish market appropriate targets for use of medically important antibiotics as defined by the WHO in our beef supply chain, and we will partner in the collection of antibiotic use data and measurement of progress on responsible use associated with global beef and dairy industries.

Progress: We are partnering in the collection of antibiotic use data associated with global beef and dairy industries, leveraging independent third party parties to facilitate data aggregation.

Currently, there is limited data on antibiotic use in the industry as a whole.

Our intention is to help drive positive behavioral change and transparency, as well as enable comprehensive assessment of antibiotic use across our in scope beef supply chains and industries in the future.

We plan to share an update on this journey by the end of 2023.

As of December 2022, we have established market specific targets for the responsible use of antibiotics in our beef supply chain for our 10 in scope markets (representing over 80% of our global beef supply chain as of the end of 2022).52 These market specific responsible use targets were informed by insights gained from our beef antibiotic monitoring pilot tests and in collaboration with subject matter experts.

Our targets focus on the responsible use of medically important antibiotics and are aligned with WHO Guidelines on AMR.

Our policy does not permit the routine use of medically important antibiotics for the purpose of growth promotion or the habitual use of antibiotics for disease prevention.58 Reduction, where possible without adverse effects on animal health and welfare, remains an intended outcome of our commitment.

McDonald’s global position on responsible antibiotic use recognizes that effective treatment of sick animals requires antibiotic selection with oversight from a qualified veterinarian through a valid Veterinary Clinic Patient Relationship (VCPR).

These targets reflect general guidance for markets holistically and are not expected required of each individual producer.

More information on the market specific targets for the responsible use of antibiotics in our beef supply chain can be found on page 7 of our Antibiotic Policy for our Beef Supply Chain (PDF 463KB). For more detail about our approach and strategy, read more about responsible antibiotic use on our website.

The McDonald’s CSAC supports our continued journey to improve animal welfare standards by providing crucial insights and knowledge.

We are working with supply chain partners to ensure housing environments that promote natural behaviors, such as pecking, perching and dust bathing.

McDonald’s launched its CSAC in 2018, made up of 15 researchers, academia, welfare experts, NGOs and suppliers to provide progressive guidance and credible counsel.

Organizations with members on the CSAC include FAI Farms and WWF, as well as leading academics and researchers such as Dr. Temple Grandin and Dr. Harry Blokhuis.

This Council and working groups derived from it convenes regularly and continues to provide expertise, insight and directional guidance for our broiler sustainability and welfare.

In 2019, the CSAC helped define 15 globally aligned farm and process level Key Welfare Indicators (KWIs) to operationalize our strategy.

The KWIs measure performance toward our welfare outcomes commitment and inform progress on our goal.

In partnership with global suppliers and an external third party facilitator, we are in the process of concluding an extensive, two year commercial trials initiative to inform our KWIs target setting efforts and to study the impacts that certain production parameters such as breed and stocking density have on welfare, environmental and economic outcomes.

In 2022, we set targets through our KWIs approach, which mean that suppliers will now be ranked in performance peer groups that will inform timebound improvement goals.

The insights gained from this will be key to ensuring our chicken welfare efforts are mutually beneficial to the 5 billion birds covered and our suppliers, as well as the planet.

We completed large scale commercial trials in partnership with key global chicken suppliers to study the impacts that certain production parameters have on key welfare, environmental and farm level outcomes.

McDonald’s was one of the first retailers to implement a CAS system into a U.S. broiler supply chain, and currently 60% of our dedicated processing facilities have been converted.

Remaining facilities are on track to be onboarded by the end of 2024.

CAS is a U.S. Department of Agriculture approved method that is recognized to be more humane for the animal, while also ensuring better conditions for workers.

CAS is in use across 100% of our Canadian supply chain facilities and is already practiced by many approved suppliers for McDonald’s restaurants in Europe and Australia.

These technologies will be among the first of their kind proposed for commercial availability and will help McDonald’s identify opportunities for improvement in broiler welfare.

McDonald’s has invested nearly 2 million (which enabled an additional 2.6 million in matching funds) into our Sensing, Monitoring, Analysis, Reporting Technology (SMART) Broiler initiative to automate gathering animal health and welfare indicators.

We have initiated a process to define, then implement, our third party on farm auditing protocol by the end of 2024.

As we implement our global broiler welfare standards, we will establish third party verification to enable continuous improvement.

Three research projects are now in Phase 2 of development, which will run through Q1 2024.

The technologies involved are among the first of their kind to be proposed for commercial availability and will help McDonald’s identify opportunities for improvement in broiler welfare.

Throughout this phase of the initiative, McDonald’s will provide researchers with access to funds and facilities that allow them to continue developing technology that objectively and effectively monitors broiler welfare and behavior.

Our work with suppliers includes assessing their capacity to service new markets in line with our animal welfare policies and guidelines.

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although our global beef supply chain as of the end of 2022.

Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

McDonald’s may consider other factors, as appropriate, to determine whether the advertising is directed to children, such as the overall impression of the advertising, the target demographic based on the media plan and whether age screening applies.

Scope: Includes all beef suppliers to the McDonald’s System and their raw material suppliers globally and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef.

McDonald’s requires all beef raw material sourced from high deforestation priority regions to comply with McDonald’s Deforestation Free Beef Procurement Policy and meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests.

Exclusions: Beef used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce.

Wild caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural outlets selling McDonald’s branded coffee products.

Filet O Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing produced and considered low risk.

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s volumes (IP, SG or MB).

Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products.

This is when palm oil is used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier.

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement.

McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from sourced by suppliers to the McDonald’s System, from fisheries that are annually these regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified.

Exclusions: Coffee extracts verified as compliant to the McDonald’s Sustainable Fisheries Standard and ingredients used in products such as frapp s and coffee in baked goods by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships.

Fisheries may also drink retail products and other locally sourced products containing coffee.

Scope: Primary fiber based packaging refers to products that are used to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants.

Includes all suppliers of primary based packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees.

In 2021, the primary fiber based packaging scope was expanded to include plastic alternatives such as wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids.

This broadened scope has resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance.

All volumes of contingency items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but not integrated into our data reporting system were counted as non compliant.

Sustainable Fishing where a certificate of conformity to an MSC Standard has been granted.

McDonald’s may display the MSC certification logo in some of its markets, where fisheries and restaurants are certified against the MSC Chain of Custody traceability standard.

Filet O Fish represents over 98% of the total fish volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight).

McDonald’s restaurants in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, fish.

Exclusions: Products that are not Filet O Fish containing wild caught or the Netherlands, Poland, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S. farmed fish.

Russia has been removed from the scope of this goal based on our 2022 exit total fish sourced by McDonald’s by weight and may include products such as from this market.

The Company has set an expectation that these products are sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance measure given the local, and often promotional, nature of these items.

Scope: Includes all soybean volume used in the feed fiber based packaging in food packaged off site McDonald’s restaurants tray sustainably managed wild caught fisheries.

This was due to impacts on our there is a high risk of contraction of a particular infectious disease.

If use is deemed of chicken sourced for McDonald’s products by all chicken suppliers to the liners, straws and limited locally sourced items.

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken.

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine.

Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use as restaurant cooking oil and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement.

Includes all suppliers of products containing palm oil in the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and decision to exit the Russian market in 2022.

This resulted in an increase of encourages adoption of a tiered approach to antibiotic selection least important fish sourced from fisheries whose Fishery Improvements Projects are not to human medicine being the first choice, with HPCIAs reserved for last resort.

Antibiotic Policy for our Beef Supply Chain for further information. to reduce sourcing from non compliant fisheries and will increase our supply of fish sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have become available.

Japan, South Korea, the U.S., Australia, China and Europe.

For the purposes of this goal, Europe includes Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia Herzegovina, operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil.

Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, the U.K. and Ukraine.

Beef: Habitual use of medically important antibiotics for disease prevention is a probable indication of an underlying herd specific and or management issue and is not permitted except in the following narrowly defined situations: based upon the determination of a qualified veterinarian familiar with the disease history in the herd, non routine prevention uses may be permitted if there is a high risk of contraction of a particularly infectious disease.

If use is deemed necessary and when effective multiple treatment options exist, McDonald’s encourages adoption of a tiered approach to antibiotic selection least important to human medicine being the first choice, with HPCIAs reserved for last resort.

Chicken: Antibiotics shall not be used for routine prevention or for growth promotion.

In addition, antibiotics shall only be prescribed by a licensed chicken veterinarian that has clinically diagnosed an infectious disease or illness, and such antibiotics must be used strictly in accordance with labeled and veterinary direction for dose, duration, route, frequency, withholding period and withdrawal times.

Addressing inequalities and empowering the communities we serve is integral to building the change we want to see.

We are also committed to collaboration, advocating for the responsible recruitment of migrant workers, and have funded high school and college tuition for over 80,000 people.

By using our global influence to be a force for change, we want to benefit the lives of all who engage with our business.

We believe that a sustainable future is tied to supporting our people.

Everyone deserves a safe, inclusive and accepting workplace where they feel they can truly thrive.

By using strategies that help support the elevation of women and Underrepresented Groups into leadership roles and closing pay gaps, we strive to support our employees.

Guided by our values, we are committed to becoming better allies, better sponsors and better leaders helping to empower the people and communities we serve.

We actively foster an inclusive environment, where diversity is embraced as an advantage.

This is a cultural climate that spans the entire McDonald’s System.

It builds on the work we’ve done around the world, recognizes where we can continue to make strides and takes every opportunity to emphasize that inclusion is central to who we are.

Whether it’s our global team of talented employees, our Franchisees, our complex network of diverse suppliers, the valued customers we serve each and every day or the communities we’re proud to call home we are committed to creating pathways to success that help people grow and thrive.

For Our Employees By implementing strategies that help provide more access to growth and opportunity, we’re supporting our aspiration to increase diverse representation at leadership levels and help our workforce reflect the diverse communities in which we operate.

For Our Suppliers As of the end of 2022, our U.S. systemwide spend with diverse owned suppliers was 25.0%, resulting in McDonald’s reaching its 25% diverse owned supplier spend goal for the second year in a row.

We continue to implement strategies that help support engagement with diverse owned suppliers and maintain this level of investment going forward.

For Our Customers For people to feel welcome at McDonald’s restaurants around the world, we strive to create campaigns that help them feel seen and considered.

That’s why we are implementing strategies that help support our ambition to increase our national investment in diverse owned media and production companies and content creators for McDonald’s USA and its U.S. Franchisees to 15% by the end of 2024.

For Our Franchisees We are committed to providing Franchisee candidates with alternatives to traditional financing options globally, and beginning in 2021, we set the ambition of investing 250 million over five years in the U.S.

For Our Communities We are finding more ways to be there for the people who live and work in the places we call home.

For example, in the U.S., we are investing 3.5 million in Community Impact grants in the city of Chicago targeted to Black and Latino youth.

At McDonald’s, our strategy for the future is built on a simple idea: when we live our values, we succeed.

At the end of 2022, we experienced a decrease in leadership representation for our Underrepresented Groups.

As we initiated planning for 2023, we took further action to evolve our DEI and talent strategies to address opportunities to increase our talent pipeline that helps support future leadership advancement, including securing external workforce development partnerships and participation in diverse recruitment fairs.

While we aim for continuous progress, we acknowledge that sustainable change is not a linear journey and each year brings new factors that may cause fluctuations.

We remain fully committed to taking steps that help support progress toward our 2025 aspirational leadership representation goal while remaining transparent about our progress.

Goal: McDonald’s commits to close pay gaps identified in annual equal pay analyses for women globally in Company owned and operated markets and for Underrepresented Groups in the U.S. at staff and Company owned restaurant levels.

Progress: Our 2022 pay gap analysis indicates that McDonald’s substantially attained equal pay and, in 2023, we closed the small pay gaps identified in the analysis.

We will continue to focus on our engagement with diverse owned suppliers and measuring and reporting on annual progress.

Among other efforts, we aim to increase national investments in diverse owned media and production companies and content creators for McDonald’s USA and its U.S. Franchisees to 15% by the end of 2024.

For a closer look at the percentage of U.S. systemwide spend and national investments across diversity categories, check out our latest Diversity Snapshot.

Company employees, which include those in the Company’s corporate and other offices as well as in Company owned and operated restaurants, totaled over 150,000 worldwide as of year end 2022.

Our Company directly focuses on the recruitment, retention and development of these employees.

Looking across the System, the over 2 million individuals who work in McDonald’s franchised restaurants around the world are critical to the success of the McDonald’s brand, enabling it to drive long term value creation and further its purpose and mission.

Providing a best in class employee experience where people are given opportunities to learn and develop is a business imperative because it directly impacts the customer experience.

People are not only at the heart of our Company, but they are also critical to the long term success of our business.

Looking after our people is central to our core values and driving our business forward.

Led by these values, we are committed to fostering workplaces where everyone feels supported, has equitable access to opportunity and feels empowered to pursue their career aspirations.

Our vision is to be an iconic home for developing talent known as much for our people as we are for our Golden Arches.

We believe the employee experience fuels the customer experience, and we are leading with our values to succeed in both areas.

In 2022, we were able to design and deploy strategic human resources and talent management processes that support our long term business strategy.

See our Talent Benefits strategy and programs in detail on our website.

We’re working to improve employee experiences through smart investments in our people, processes and technology.

We want to create a culture where our employees feel empowered to drive business impact and pursue their career aspirations.

Using our established talent processes and supporting resources, we are continuously evolving our culture to build high performing and highly engaged teams.

To enhance our ability to build strong leadership pipelines, we have designed a global Talent Review process, providing common language by which to assess and identify high potential leaders, inform talent planning and target development opportunities and investments.

In 2022, we also introduced expectations to hold senior leaders accountable for supporting talent development and building a strong, diverse succession pipeline.

This initiative focuses on driving the behaviors and actions that ensure business continuity across the McDonald’s System, with the leaders’ performance against these expectations contributing to their annual performance ratings and incentive compensation.

Our learning and development approach is a competitive advantage to McDonald’s and a true differentiator to the employee value proposition.

Hamburger University (HU) is McDonald’s center of training excellence, designed to upskill and reskill employees globally, create a culture of shared goals and instill a strong sense of pride.

It allows employees to grow in their current role and prepares them for the next level of responsibility.

HU also offers a productive learning culture that combines hands on experience, learning from others through networking and mentoring, and structured classes both on site and online.

In 2022, more than 60,000 individuals successfully completed learning offerings, including HU restaurant and leadership curricula, in person or through virtual formats and eLearning courses.

Additionally, Archways to Opportunity is a comprehensive education program that offers eligible McOpCo employees, and employees of participating Franchisees in the U.S., the opportunity to graduate from college, earn a high school diploma, learn English as a second language and gain access to academic and career advising services.

Awarded college tuition assistance to more than 65,000 restaurant employees.

Helped more than 1,700 people graduate through the Career Online High School program.

Born and raised in Mexico, Vanessa Jimenez came to the U.S. aged 13 to pursue a better life.

Vanessa got a second job at McDonald’s at 19 and worked through the ranks, from trainer to shift manager and first assistant.

As her English improved and her confidence grew, she restarted her education.

Through the Archways to Opportunity program, Vanessa earned her associate degree in business administration.

Vanessa is now a supervisor overseeing five McDonald’s in the Chicago area and has brought her family to the U.S. She hopes to pursue her bachelor’s degree in the future.

My early life challenges provided me the foundation and determination to fulfill my education goals.

Learn more about Vanessa’s journey. and college tuition assistance.

During 2022, many U.S. Franchisees engaged with outside third party vendors to attend Pay Matters workshops.

These sessions included best practices on how to establish a wage philosophy and build competitive pay ranges based on benchmarking local available data.

U.S. Franchisees continue to have access to wage modeling tools via third party vendors in order to assist them in establishing the right wage structures that meet the competitive needs for their organizations.

In the U.S., McDonald’s continues to enhance its compensation packages, including competitive pay and benefits for Company owned Restaurant Staff, to ensure that we continue attracting and retaining top talent.

In 2022, we raised hourly wages at over 90% of our U.S. Company operated restaurants, impacting more than 44,000 employees and resulting in an 8% increase to the average hourly pay rate.

We expect to reach an average hourly wage above 15 for Company owned restaurant employees in 2023.

These raises reflect McDonald’s commitment to evaluating competitive wage data to determine the appropriate wage ranges on a market by market level, and making adjustments to remain competitive and support the needs of employees.

Human rights are woven into McDonald’s day to day business, enabling us to fulfill our commitment to respect the rights of all people and communities who serve, produce and enjoy our food.

McDonald’s purpose is to feed and foster communities.

Central to that purpose is respecting human rights everywhere we do business.

To further evolve respect for human rights across our System, McDonald’s has developed an approach that focuses on issues relevant to our business embeds key activities to address those issues within corporate functions and market operations and provides flexibility to respond to emerging human rights related trends and business priorities.

Regardless of cultural, social or economic context, we conduct our activities in a way that respects the dignity of each person.

To maintain relevant policies and practices, we work to identify and understand the human rights issues that are most important to our business.

Foundational to our human rights approach is the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

McDonald’s approach to human rights has been developed and informed by human rights assessments, ongoing analysis of the emerging business and regulatory landscape on human rights, and extensive consultation with subject matter experts across the business.

As we continue to evolve our approach to human rights, we’re committed to engaging with employees and stakeholders to inform our own policy and influence change elsewhere.

Read more about our human rights approach on our website.

Our commitment to respect people and their rights throughout our value chain is defined in several documents found on our website.

These standards, principles and policies work together to reinforce a culture of integrity and respect and are foundational to how we feed and foster communities around the globe.

Read more about our policies and standards on our website.

Our Global People and Global Supply Chain functions are responsible for our day to day human rights performance.

The CEO and Senior Leadership team have oversight of human rights policies, commitments and management, as well as of ERM, which may include specific human rights issues.

The Board Committees have oversight of human capital management, including human rights.

Human rights professionals on our Global Sustainability Social Impact team manage a cross functional Human Rights Working Group.

The executive sponsors of this Group our Global Chief Impact Officer, Global Chief People Officer, Global Chief Supply Chain Officer and Global Chief Legal Officer report to the CEO on human rights risks and share relevant updates to the Board Committees.

Read more about our governance of human rights on our website.

We continued to engage with stakeholders in 2022, acting on our commitments to human rights throughout our System.

We maintain various routes to directly engage with governments to discuss shared challenges and how we can collectively work to address systemic challenges.

A great example of the type of multi stakeholder forum McDonald’s joins is the Doha Dialogue on Sport, Legacy and Human Rights, held in Qatar in 2022 and co convened by the Centre for Sport and Human Rights, the UN High Commission for Human Rights, the International Labour Organization (ILO), the International Organization for Employers and the International Trade Union Confederation.

This event was also attended by representatives from a number of governments.

Peer engagement is vital for the exchange of good practice and to promote industry wide progress.

As a long standing member of the BSR (Business for Social Responsibility) Human Rights Working Group and AIM Progress, our recent progress builds on years of commitment to human rights throughout our global supply chain.

As a sponsor of numerous international sporting events, McDonald’s also engages with key industry groups on specific and important human rights topics, such as promoting responsible sport sponsorship and advancing human rights in the world of sport.

As part of our efforts, in 2022, McDonald’s became an engaged organization of the Centre for Sport and Human Rights.

The Centre is a human rights organization, with a mission to advance a world of responsible sport that fully respects and promotes human rights by generating awareness around key human rights issues, building capacity and delivering value added impact.

In this multi stakeholder forum, sponsors of sporting events are recognized as critical stakeholders in the sports ecosystem.

Our participation helps us understand and implement measures to do our part in preventing human rights violations linked to sport and major events.

Engaging with NGOs and other civil society organizations, includng human rights defenders, is critical for our ongoing human rights due diligence.

We connect to learn and seek feedback through direct consultations as well as multi stakeholder forums.

Topics of priority include migrant workers’ rights, promoting safe workplaces and facilitating access to remedy.

McDonald’s recognizes that its investors rely on companies’ transparent disclosures about how they manage human rights in their company, their operations and their supply chains to make investment decisions.

McDonald’s regularly engages with its investors on topics such as DEI safe and respectful workplaces civil rights sustainability human capital management corporate governance and more.

Enhancing opportunities for the worker voice across our System is important to McDonald’s.

This past year, we piloted an enhanced method of integrating the worker voice into our Supplier Workplace Accountability (SWA) program with suppliers in select markets.

At McDonald’s, we know a positive restaurant culture enables crew members to create more feel good moments for customers and each other.

That’s why, in 2022, we launched Workplace by Meta.

It’s a people centric communication tool backed by McDonald’s.

With Workplace, markets and their Operators can foster a people first mentality and engage with employees in McDonald’s restaurants.

The tool gives managers and crew the necessary information to do their jobs, facilitating communication and connection across the wider McDonald’s community.

McDonald’s has introduced Global Brand Standards, which apply across all restaurants more than 40,000 locations to help foster safe, respectful and inclusive workplaces that protect the physical and psychological safety of all crew and customers.

All Company owned and franchised restaurants must implement these standards and are assessed on each criterion in accordance with the applicable McDonald’s market’s business evaluation processes.

We remain committed to supporting markets and franchised restaurants by providing implementation support, including a suite of policies, tools and training.

In 2021, we supplemented existing respectful workplace training with a new global eLearning module, Building a Safe, Respectful and Inclusive Workplace, on preventing harassment, discrimination and retaliation.

This training for crew and managers was made available in multiple languages and offered optionally to Franchisees and DLs in 2022 to help them meet the Global Brand Standards requirement in every restaurant.

We also offer a suite of workplace violence prevention training to Franchisees and DLs in all global markets.

Read more about our safe respectful workplaces approach on our website.

Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the U.K. and the U.S. Corporate employees who support our Development Licensees are also included.

Data was obtained through various means, including informal identification and voluntary self disclosure.

Black, Indigenous, Asian or Pacific Islander, people of Hispanic or Latino a x descent, or people having a combination of these identities or attributes.

LGBTQ and disabled persons or people having a combination of these identities or attributes.

Variance of systemwide spend with diverse owned suppliers may occur in 2023 or 2024.

Further, this figure is inclusive of U.S. Company owned restaurant spend, supply chain, restaurant development, marketing, legal, global technology, workplace solutions, communication, finance, global people and other corporate functions.

This figure also includes purchases made by Franchisees for advertising, restaurant development, technology, food, distribution, packaging, equipment and uniforms.

This scope excludes noncontrollables (taxes, utilities, rent, aircraft fuel, airport fees, facility leases, donations, bank fees and subscriptions).

Our diverse owned diversity spend figures in the U.S. includes both self certified and formal industry recognized certification and Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend.

Tier 2 suppliers are those with whom our suppliers do business.

All U.S. paid employees working in accounting for Supply Chain managed spend for equipment and operating other markets are excluded.

This data reflects U.S. employees who voluntarily supplies.

Due to rounding, some totals may not correspond with the sum of the separate figures.

France, Germany, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, third party certification.

These countries have been excluded from the statistical modeling due to insufficient headcount.

We are also committed to helping serve up bright futures by providing training programs that can lead to employment opportunities for young people and investing in our hometown of Chicago to financially support local nonprofits.

We do this because we know that strong communities are the key to a sustainable future.

For us, sustainability is about creating shared value so that we can make a positive difference.

We know that we need to act both globally and locally to support the people that need help the most.

For example, our employees donated over 16,000 hours to local community causes in our first Global Volunteer Month in 2022.

With more than 40,000 restaurants, we have a unique connection with communities the world over.

We believe that comes with a responsibility to help support the people within them.

It’s a responsibility we take seriously because we know when our communities thrive, so does our business.

By thinking globally and acting locally, we are better equipped to effectively support our customers, our employees and the communities we are all part of.

Throughout significant world events, McDonald’s has repeatedly served as a critical resource showing up during times of need and helping support the most vulnerable people.

Donated over 5 million in employee assistance and international relief support efforts led by the Red Cross in Ukraine and across Europe.

The U.S. business provided over 850,000 in community grants and sponsorships in the U.S. Additionally, in the U.S., one penny from every Happy Meal at participating McDonald’s was donated to RMHC, totaling 5.9 million.

Trained and or hired 1.7 million young people since July 2018.

Launched a Chicago based investment strategy supporting local communities, including a 3.5 million investment with 40 local nonprofit organizations.

Made a two year, 5 million commitment to the Obama Presidential Center in our HQ’s hometown of Chicago to support it in 2022 and 2023.

Donated food globally in partnership with our suppliers, helping divert excess food from landfills to organizations that support families in need.

With our scale, diversity and legacy, we aim to build strong and inclusive connections that deliver on the needs of our communities.

We remain focused on partnering with key organizations that share our values, harnessing our size and influence to maximize collective impact while strengthening relationships with the communities we serve.

Read more about our community impact and philanthropy on our website.

Included in our Community Impact Philanthropy strategy is McDonald’s continued support for RMHC.

Since 1974, the McDonald’s community our employees, customers, Franchisees and suppliers has provided its time, funds and in kind services to help RMHC positively impact millions of children and their families.

The actions we take have enabled us to continue supporting families, despite unforeseen global challenges.

In 2022, we donated 20 million to RMHC as part of our five year, 100 million commitment (2020 2025).

The gift is helping RMHC through direct financial support, RMHC Chapter capacity building, initiative activation and resource development.

We make it easy for our customers to support RMHC too, through various on site and digital giving opportunities.

In some countries or regions, McDonald’s donates a percentage from the sale of specific products or runs other special promotions in restaurants.

Whether it’s supporting charitable efforts or uplifting communities impacted by hardship and disaster, we know collaboration is key to making a substantial impact on those who need it most.

We donated over 5 million in employee assistance, supporting relief efforts led by the Red Cross in response to developments in Ukraine and the resulting humanitarian crisis in Europe.

McDonald’s Poland and Romania, both located next to Ukraine, kept their restaurants open around the clock for refugees.

They donated 60,000 and 24,000 meals respectively to refugees in those countries.

We also established an online donation portal that enables our employees to support colleagues impacted by restaurant and office closures following any disaster.

This was used to aid Red Cross efforts supporting those coping with the Ukraine humanitarian crisis and to help RMHC support displaced ill and injured children and their families.

In 2023, McDonald’s Corporation donated 500,000 to earthquake relief efforts in Turkey, including contributions to Save the Children, World Central Kitchen and local nonprofits.

McDonald’s Turkey kept its restaurants open where possible, offering free food to all customers in affected areas and distributing an estimated 100,000 meals to victims in nine cities at 50 different locations.

The local business also gave a total of 100,000 to all teams and managers affected, and to the families of bereaved team members.

Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and pledging 5 million to proactively support U.S. and global disaster relief efforts.

McDonald’s owned restaurant employees in the U.S. with around 50,000 eligible people.

The U.S. business provided over 850,000 in community grants and sponsorships in the U.S. Additionally, in the U.S., one penny from every Happy Meal at participating McDonald’s was donated to RMHC, totaling 5.9 million.

Gifting 1 million to the Smithsonian Institution to support its new National Museum of the American Latino, the first Smithsonian Museum dedicated to Latinx history and culture in the U.S.

We also help amplify the impact of employee donations, matching funds donated to certain nonprofits by employees in the U.S. up to 5,000 ( 10,000 for a Vice President or above, or a Board member).

Since 2015, we have matched over 4.5 million through this offering.

As one of the largest employers headquartered in Chicago, we believe it’s our responsibility to help address urgent community needs through strategic investments and engagement.

In 2022, we launched a Chicago Community Impact Grants Program in partnership with The Chicago Community Trust, investing 3.5 million in grants to 40 neighborhood organizations that are advancing youth opportunity.

In Chicago, we have made a two year, 5 million commitment to the Obama Presidential Center to support global programming and local initiatives between 2022 and 2023.

In the summer of 2022, we also hosted a career day with local high school students, including networking and career exploration with McDonald’s employees and a tour of McDonald’s headquarters.

Goal: By the end of 2025, reduce barriers to employment for 2 million young people.

The U.S. McDonald’s works with International Youth Foundation (IYF) and nine local community based organizations (CBOs) in Chicago and Washington, D.C., to deliver life skills training called Passport to Success to young people aged 16 24 from low income households.

Across more than 30 lessons, the training covers resilience, teamwork, communication, self awareness and respecting others.

As concerns about systemic racism and youth mental health escalated in the past few years, the life skills curriculum was expanded to include modules on cultural diversity and self advocacy self care.

The U.S. McDonald’s and IYF also collaborate on the Youth Opportunity Ambassador Program, sharing participant perspectives on barriers to success and enabling feedback on the program’s ability to support them.

Switzerland McDonald’s Switzerland offers a three year gastronomy apprenticeship program that mixes on the job learning and classroom training.

Upon graduation, participants receive a federally recognized degree in gastronomy.

The U.K. For a second consecutive year, McDonald’s UK partnered with BBC Children in Need to help raise vital funds for youth projects, people and services across the U.K. McDonald’s donated 10p from every U.K. download of the music from its Christmas advert, and offered engagement through a mobile Christmas card tour.

In addition, for every McCaf item purchased over the festive period, McDonald’s donated the equivalent of 100 MyMcDonald’s Rewards points via the McDonald’s app.

Latin America and the Caribbean Arcos Dorados expanded MCampus Comunidad, a platform offering 14 online courses to young people, including topics related to digital marketing, entrepreneurship, personal finance and information technology.

By the end of 2022, almost 70,000 people from 50 countries had participated in the free training offered by MCampus Comunidad and received an official certificate from Hamburger University.

Our Global Volunteer Program, launched in 2019, matches employee time with community need.

Through the program, individuals volunteer for a variety of causes related to the four Impact Areas of our Impact Strategy while addressing the unique needs of their communities.

Additionally, in 2022, we held a Global Volunteer Month for the first time.

Throughout September, approximately 8,500 employees volunteered across 120 events.

Collectively, they volunteered approximately 16,700 hours of their time to local community causes around the world.

Ukraine In addition to focused efforts during Global Volunteer Month, employees in Ukraine volunteered throughout 2022 to help address the ongoing crisis.

Food kits More than 160,000 food kits, each feeding a family of three for up to six days, were distributed all over Ukraine.

Medical equipment Purchased and transferred 200 ventilation assistance devices to 50 hospitals, as well as 420 vacuum aspirators to 100 hospitals in 23 regions of the country.

Humanitarian aid Employees implemented over 100 projects according to the specific requests from hospitals and communities.

China The stringent COVID 19 prevention policies in place in China in 2022 meant that we could not proceed with any large scale activities for Global Volunteer Month.

In their place, we offered a folded paper heart, which we gave to RMHC children through 13 regional offices around China.

Japan In September 2022, McDonald’s Japan worked with two major league baseball teams and RMHC to hold fundraising games for the charity, with local restaurants, owners and staff raising awareness and asking baseball fans for their support.

For the opening of the new RMHC in Niigata prefecture (our 12th house in Japan), office staff gathered items for the families staying there, sending 22 boxes filled with food items, books, toys and amenities.

Throughout 2022, we continued stepping up to help support communities around the globe with food and supply donations to meet their basic needs.

In 2022, McDonald’s USA and its suppliers in the U.S. donated over 1.6 million pounds of food and paper combined from suppliers and distribution centers, helping divert excess items from landfills and waste worth more than 3.4 million to support local U.S. food banks and communities.

Ukraine McDonald’s Ukraine donated over 160,000 food kits through our joint program with RMHC. Additionally, more than 700 metric tons of products were handed over to communities from our restaurants and distribution centers.

Japan In support of medical workers, over 100,608 meals were provided by restaurants in McDonald’s Japan in Hyogo, Wakayama, Hokkaido, Chiba and Osaka prefectures.

The market also donated 10,000 meal tickets to 400 children’s cafeterias in Aichi, Gifu and Mie prefectures.

Greece McDonald’s Greece donated more than 8,000 food items to food banks.

Over 520 employees volunteered an estimated total of 2,956 hours to support the community in various actions.

The U.K. McDonald’s UK donated 1.2 million meals with FareShare (U.K.) and 50,000 meals with Food Cloud (Ireland).

In 2022, McDonald’s global capital investments, which include capital expenditures and taxes paid, amounted to approximately 4.9 billion.

These capital expenditures go toward reinvestment in our existing restaurants, as well as the creation and construction of new restaurant locations, which ultimately help to build stronger communities and job opportunities around the world, while the income taxes provide economic contributions to local, state and federal governments where we operate to help fund essential services.

Ronald McDonald House Charities (RMHC) helps support families when their child is sick or injured, and McDonald’s is proud to be its founding mission partner.

RMHC is a nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organization with a global network of over 260 Chapters in more than 60 countries and regions that helps families access essential care for their children.

Ronald McDonald House Charities and RMHC are trademarks of McDonald’s Corporation and its affiliates.

RMHC programs provide families with somewhere to stay in or near leading hospitals and healthcare services, facilitate delivery of care to some communities and help to ensure the entire family is fully supported along their child’s healthcare journey.

In total, McDonald’s, our Franchisees and customers donated over 182 million to RMHC in 2022, helping the charity provide more than 2.2 million overnight stays for RMHC families around the world.

All donation and monetary figures have been converted to U.S. dollars and are approximate.

Through three core programs and hundreds of local programs, RMHC provides stability and vital resources to families around the world.

Ronald McDonald Family Room programs Located within the hospital, this program offers families a place to recharge, rest and have a snack, all within a few steps of their child’s bedside.

Ronald McDonald House programs More than just a place to sleep, each House is near the hospital and provides meals and support to families with a hospitalized child.

Ronald McDonald Care Mobile programs In partnership with a clinical services provider, these mobile units provide medical, dental and healthcare resources to children and families in underserved communities around the world.

In 2022, McDonald’s Corporation donated 20 million as part of our five year, 100 million commitment to support families when they need it most.

System including Owner Operators, Developmental Licensees, employees and crew actively volunteered with RMHC Chapters.

Tyson Foods enabled guest families to access quick meals around the clock across Ronald McDonald House programs in the U.S.

UL Solutions became the first RMHC partner solely dedicated to supporting its global sustainability efforts.

In alignment with the UN SDGs, UL Solutions offers building assessments to evaluate the indoor air quality of several RMHC programs.

The partnership galvanizes UL Solutions’ network of employees to give back and volunteer at their local RMHC Chapters, and provides educational resources to reinforce sustainability priorities for more than 260 RMHC Chapters across the globe.

During the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, McDonald’s helped RMHC Ukraine in its support for more than 100 humanitarian aid projects, the delivery of more than 160,000 food kits to those in need and the mobilization of nearly 500 volunteers from McDonald’s who supported the purchase and delivery of medical equipment to hospitals.

RMHC Ukraine also plans to build its first Ronald McDonald House through a partnership with the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and support from McDonald’s Ukraine.

Several European RMHC Chapters partnered with our packaging supplier, TMS HAVI, in their relief efforts in Ukraine.

For example, HAVI partnered with RMHC Portugal and RMHC Spain to transport over 80 pallets of essential items, which were split between two organizations for distribution throughout Ukraine.

Several hundred McDonald’s restaurants across Texas banded together in response to the mass shooting in Uvalde, Texas.

RMHC San Antonio served family members from Uvalde and created a special fund to help those impacted.

In support of those individuals affected by Typhoon Noru (known locally in the Philippines as Super Typhoon Karding), McDonald’s and RMHC Philippines stepped in to provide 3,000 meals to affected communities.

In the U.S., one penny from every Happy Meal at participating McDonald’s went to RMHC, totaling 5.9 million.

Additionally, McDonald’s customers in the U.S. donated more than 33 million through Round Up for RMHC and Donation Boxes.

Over 11 million was raised by McDonald’s Canada, its independent Franchisees and customers through in restaurant giving efforts.

McDonald’s Australia, its Licensees and customers provided support through McHappy Day and other giving efforts locally, which raised more than 10 million.

In New Zealand, 170 McDonald’s restaurants supported their local RMHC, donating 10 cents (NZ) from every Happy Meal sold to raise more than 450,000.

McDonald’s restaurants in South Africa and Egypt hosted Happy Meal promotions for each country’s RMHC Chapter, raising more than 560,000.

In Argentina, 544,000 was raised from the sale of Big Mac sandwiches during a 14 day McHappy Day fundraiser, in which 225 McDonald’s restaurants participated.

Additionally, more than 1,000 restaurants in Brazil participated in McHappy Day, raising 3.8 million.

In Austria, 136 restaurants participated in a McDonald’s car wash day, which raised over 87,000, while a total of 200 restaurants promoted stuffed bunny rabbit sales, superhero bandages and heart shaped donuts, meaning that these initiatives raised nearly 500,000.

McDonald’s Hungary hosted a Tour de Balaton in support of the new local Ronald McDonald Family Room, raising almost 13,000.

Franchisees, but extrapolates where it does not have access to the underlying data globally.

SASB is an independent, standards setting organization that looks to improve efficiency and consistency in environmental, social and governance reporting of material issues for each sector and has been developed in conjunction with investors.

McDonald’s has chosen to report through the voluntary SASB framework for the fourth time for our 2022 reporting period.

As we continue on our Impact journey, it remains a top priority for us to communicate our progress in a transparent and standardized manner for investors and other important stakeholders through this index.

In certain instances, a specific SASB topic may be discussed in our reporting even though McDonald’s does not currently report progress on the corresponding SASB metrics in their exact form.

In these instances, we provide brand relevant data on the topic and link to the corresponding web page within Our Purpose Impact Report, which contains our reporting progress on these topics and relevant goal and performance data from 2022 in greater detail.

We are committed to continuous improvement and are working to improve our data collection and coordination across the McDonald’s System.

We look forward to continuing to identify ways to strengthen our reporting processes and disclosures in the coming years.

All data shown below is reflective of year end 2022 progress, unless otherwise stated.

Response In 2021, we committed to adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5 C. We intend to share an update on our climate journey later this year.

Today, restaurant energy use represents 59% of our restaurant and operations baseline emissions footprint as such, they represent a key focus area for accelerating progress against our 2030 targets.

Since 2019, McDonald’s has signed 14 renewable energy projects through virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs) and continues to be among other leading corporate renewable energy buyers in adding new, large scale renewable energy to the U.S. grid.

Our renewable energy projects cover both solar and wind technologies, and are planned to be located in Texas, Illinois, North Carolina, Ohio and Louisiana.

As the projects for which contracts were executed between 2019 2023 continue becoming operational, the energy generated is expected to be equivalent to more than 11,700 restaurants’ worth of electricity.

They are expected to contribute to a 33% reduction in GHG emissions associated with U.S. restaurant electricity usage from our 2015 baseline.

McDonald’s portion of these renewable energy projects will help prevent approximately 3,600,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions annually.

Related Goals McDonald’s is partnering with Franchisees to target reducing GHG emissions related to our restaurants and offices by 36% by the end of 2030 from a 2015 base year (inclusive of both Company owned and franchised restaurants).

Through collaboration with our suppliers and producers, we are also committed to achieving a 31% reduction in emissions intensity (per metric ton of food and packaging) across our supply chain by the end of 2030.

This combined target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

In 2021, we joined the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, committing to net zero emissions by 2050.

Through the SBTi Business Ambition for 1.5 C campaign, we are also in the process of adapting our climate targets to help keep global temperature rises below 1.5 C.

Please find additional information on our Climate Action page and in our 2022 CDP Climate Change response.

Response Total water withdrawn is an estimated 1,793,462 m .

The large decrease in our water withdrawn figures originally reported in 2020 and 2021 compared to our 2022 figure is due to data errors that occurred in 2020 and 2021 calculations, which have been recently identified.

These inconsistencies led to a larger reported figure in previous years than what is reflective of McDonald’s actual water withdrawn.

Commentary Water withdrawn was estimated based on 601 U.S. owned locations that provided withdrawal data and extrapolated to the 2,106 Company owned restaurants worldwide based on standardized usage intensities.

Additional Resources Please find additional information on our Nature, Forests Water page.

Commentary In 2022, more than 85.1%, of restaurants in markets with advanced infrastructure1 offered guests the opportunity to recycle packaging items.

In these restaurants, guest packaging is collected in customer facing recycling bins for back of house or off site sorting and recycling utilizing existing local waste infrastructure systems.

Related Goals By the end of 2025, our goal is to implement global and local solutions across our business to expand the reduction, reuse or recycling of guest packaging, and create demand for recycled materials.

Additional Resources Learn more about our approach to food and packaging waste management on our Packaging, Toys Waste page.

Response (1) Total weight of guest packaging: 1,000,573 metric tons of guest packaging and toys sourced for McDonald’s restaurants. (2) Percent made from recycled and or renewable materials: 81.0% of all of our primary guest packaging items are sourced from renewable, recycled or certified sources2, 3, 4. 97.2% of our primary fiber based guest packaging was sourced from recycled or certified sources in 2022.

Commentary Primary guest packaging is inclusive of centrally managed guest packaging and Happy Meal book and toy packaging for a significant portion of our system sales across more than 40,000 restaurants.

We take recoverability into account whenever we design guest packaging.

Whether packaging items are recyclable in practice and at scale depends on the waste and recycling infrastructure in each market.

We are working to eliminate or replace small plastic items that are hard to recycle, not needed for safety or functionality and likely to leak into the environment, such as straws, plastic bags and cutlery.

Related Goals By the end of 2025, our goal is to have all of our primary guest packaging sourced from renewable, recycled or certified sources.

Additional Resources Learn more about our approach to packaging sustainability on our Packaging, Toys Waste page.

Commentary McDonald’s has developed and implemented science and risk based food safety and quality standards through collaboration with internal and external experts.

These standards include the McDonald’s Global Good Agriculture Practices (GAP), Supplier Quality Management Systems (SQMS) and the Distributor Quality Management Process (DQMP).

Our McDonald’s Global Food Safety Advisory Council includes food safety, public health and medical professionals and leaders from North America, Europe and Asia.

This council meets with our Chief Supply Chain Officer and global food safety team members annually to discuss progress and to provide recommendations to further advance our food safety practices and standards.

Restaurant food safety and quality management procedures are integrated into the McDonald’s Operations and Training Program, which is based on our Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point principles and are followed in every restaurant.

Daily checks against key food safety standards and procedures are conducted in all restaurants.

Third party audits verify that these standards are implemented.

In 2022, 55,171 restaurant food safety audits (announced and unannounced) were performed.

To ensure audits are robust, we host calibration sessions with our approved third party auditing firms.

In addition, our Food Safety Field Service team supports our markets to ensure they have received training and are operating in compliance with our standards.

The members of this team are strategically located in the Middle East, Europe and Latin America, enabling strong connection to the Developmental Licensee (DL) markets and helping to elevate our food safety culture globally.

Additional Resources Learn more about our approach to food safety on our Food Safety page.

Additional Resources Learn more about our approach to nutritional content on our Nutrition Marketing Practices page.

Commentary 17 out of 20 of our in scope markets have achieved5 our goal of ensuring 50% or more of the Happy Meal Bundle Offerings listed on menus in each market meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria.

One market received an exemption from fulfilling this goal and two markets received extensions to meet the goal by end of 2023.

By of the end of 2022, an average of 56% of Happy Meal Bundle Offerings meet the Nutrition Criteria across the 20 major markets.

The Global Happy Meal Goals apply to all markets globally, with measurement and reporting of progress among our 20 major markets in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, the U.K., France, Germany, Austria, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

Related Goals By the end of 2022, our goal is to ensure 50% or more of the Happy Meal Bundle Offerings listed on menus in each market meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria of less than or equal to 600 calories, 10% of calories from saturated fat, 650 mg of sodium and 10% of calories from added sugar.

Additional Resources Keybridge’s closing report on progress against our five Global Happy Meal Goals, leveraging the latest data available for each goal.

Commentary 20 out of 20 in scope markets met our goal of having all Happy Meal Bundles advertised to children meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria.

The Global Happy Meal Goals apply to all markets globally, with measurement and reporting of progress among our 20 major markets in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, the U.K., France, Germany, Austria, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

Related Goals By the end of 2022, our goal is that all Happy Meal Bundles advertised to children will meet McDonald’s Global Happy Meal Nutrition Criteria and continue to meet any existing applicable local regional advertising pledges.

Additional Resources Please find additional information on nutritional content on our Nutrition Marketing Practices page and in Keybridge’s closing report on progress against our five Global Happy Meal Goals.

Commentary In order to attract and retain talent at all levels of the business, we provide competitive compensation commensurate with a Company employee’s position.

We evaluate competitive wage data and market trends to determine appropriate wage ranges, and ensure compliance with all applicable wage and hour laws.

We introduced our Global Pay Principles to our owned markets in 2019, to ensure that good pay practices are understood and consistently implemented for all Company employees.

Competitive Pay opportunities are aligned with the external value of a job to attract, engage and motivate talent.

The competitiveness of our pay rates is reviewed regularly relative to peer companies that reflect our size, scale, performance and talent needs.

Nondiscriminatory Company employees are compensated at a level commensurate with their role, responsibility, impact, location, experience, knowledge, skills and performance, irrespective of gender, race, ethnicity or any other similar protected personal characteristics.

Performance based Pay is focused on motivating high performance, recognizing achievement and reinforcing behaviors that align with our culture.

Understandable Pay programs are communicated regularly and transparently.

We strive for simplicity and focus on the design of our programs to ensure Company employees understand what determines their pay.

Compliant We comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements and standards.

In the U.S., McDonald’s continues to enhance its compensation packages for Company owned Restaurant Staff.

In 2022, we raised hourly wages at over 90% of our U.S. Company operated restaurants, impacting more than 44,000 employees and resulting in an 8% increase to the average hourly pay rate.

We expect to reach an average hourly wage above 15 for Company owned restaurant employees in 2023.

These raises reflect McDonald’s commitment to evaluating competitive wage data and the evolving legislation and regulatory environment to determine the appropriate wage ranges on a market by market level.

Additional Resources Learn more about our approach to labor practices throughout our Talent Benefits, Safe Respectful Workplaces and Diversity, Equity Inclusion pages.

Response We substantially achieved all of our 2020 Responsible Sourcing Goals across our six priority commodities beef, fish, palm oil, fiber, soy and coffee and we continue to work with our suppliers on what is outlined in those commitments and evaluate the continued progress.

Beef: 98.5% of beef sourced for McDonald’s restaurants supported deforestation free supply chains.6.

Fish: 88.8% of the fish sourced for McDonald’s Filet O Fish came from sustainably managed wild caught fisheries, assessed and verified annually against the McDonald’s Sustainability Fisheries.

Palm Oil: 100% of the palm oil used in McDonald’s restaurants and as an ingredient in McDonald’s products supported the production of sustainable palm oil in 2022.9.

Fiber: 97.2% of our primary fiber based guest packaging was sourced from recycled or certified sources in 2022.10.

Soy: 100% of soy sourced for the feed of chicken used in McDonald’s products supported deforestation free supply chains in 2022.11.

Coffee: 99.9% of our ground and whole bean coffee was sustainably sourced in 2022.12.

Additional Resources Please see our Responsible Sourcing and Nature, Forests Water pages to learn more about our approach and to see full performance data and relevant definitions, scope and exclusions.

Response (1) More than 88% of eggs sourced in the U.S. are cage free and Canada also sources more than 85% cage free eggs. (2) As of the end of 2022, more than 91% of our pork purchased in the U.S. comes from suppliers that have phased out the use of gestation stalls (small, enclosed pens) for housing confirmed pregnant sows.

Commentary We believe we have a responsibility to improve the health and welfare of animals in our supply chain and work with our global network of suppliers to encourage industry and cross sector collaboration.

This is why we have animal health and welfare policies or commitments in place across our chicken, eggs, pork, beef and dairy supply chains.

We also believe that reducing any overdependence on antibiotics within our supply chain complements our decades long commitment to managing and improving the health and welfare of animals.

We are committed to a responsible antibiotic use approach refining antibiotic selection and administration, reducing non therapeutic antibiotic use and, when possible, replacing antibiotics with long term solutions to prevent diseases and protect animal health and welfare.

Related Goals The U.S., Canada and Arcos Dorados (the largest independent McDonald’s Developmental Licensee (DL), with operations in Latin America and the Caribbean) have each set goals of sourcing 100% cage free eggs by the end of 2025.

In the U.S., we’re working with pork suppliers to phase out the use of gestation stalls for housing pregnant sows by the end of 2024.

In 2017, McDonald’s announced a global commitment to source chickens raised with improved welfare outcomes.

By the end of 2027, we aim to eliminate the use of antibiotics defined by the WHO as Highest Priority Critically Important Antibiotics (HPCIAs) to human medicine from all chicken served in the U.S., Europe, Brazil, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Australia and China.

As of the end of 2022, all in scope markets except for China have eliminated HPCIAs.

In collaboration with our suppliers, producers and farmer partners, we will establish market appropriate targets for use of medically important antibiotics as defined by the WHO in our beef supply chain and we will partner in the collection of antibiotic use data and measurement of progress on responsible use associated with global beef and dairy industries.

This goal focuses on Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Poland, the U.K., and the U.S, which represented over 80% of our beef supply chain as of the end of 2022.

Additional Resources Please see our Animal Health Welfare and Responsible Antibiotic Use pages for more information.

We aim to deliver responsible sourcing programs that drive lasting, meaningful outcomes on critical environmental, social and corporate issues.

To enable these outcomes, we focus on the following Priority Impact Areas: promoting the health and welfare of animals respecting human rights addressing climate change reducing food and packaging waste and protecting nature, forests and water resources.

McDonald’s works with its suppliers to embed sustainability commitments, into global sourcing decisions for food and packaging through Global Sustainable Sourcing Specifications and direct collaboration on sustainable initiatives.

Learn more about our efforts in these areas throughout the Food Quality Sourcing and Our Planet pages, as well as our 2022 CDP Climate Change and 2022 CDP Forests responses.

Please find additional information in McDonald’s Annual Report.

Over 150,000 people employed by McDonald’s Corporation and its majority owned subsidiaries worldwide as of year end 2022.

Please find additional information in McDonald’s Annual Report.

Council (MSC) Certification is optional to McDonald’s markets.

Scope: Includes all palm oil (including crude palm oil, palm kernel sourced from renewable, recycled or certified materials as compared to 2021 also be independently certified as meeting the MSC Principles and Criteria oil, derivatives and fractions) sourced for McDonald’s restaurants for use due to deployment of new packaging materials not yet compliant with our goal for Sustainable Fishing where a certificate of conformity to an MSC Standard as restaurant cooking oil and all palm oil sourced by McDonald’s suppliers standards.

We know progress in this space is not always linear and we intend to has been granted.

McDonald’s may display the MSC and used directly as an ingredient in a McDonald’s product and listed on the continue making supply chain improvements to meet our packaging sourcing certification logo in some of its markets, where fisheries and restaurants are product’s ingredient statement.

Includes all suppliers of products containing standards and remain committed to our 2025 goal.

Renewable sources refer to material that is composed of biomass from a living source and that can be continually replenished.

Source: ISO 14021:2016 for plastic, ASTM 6866 or ISO 16620 2.

Argentina, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

Forests Water web page for additional definitions.

Exclusions: Primary fiber based packaging in food packaged off site of McDonald’s restaurants, tray liners and limited locally sourced items.

We continue to monitor industry standards on these components and opportunities to work toward making any part of our packaging, including non structural components, more sustainable.

Scope: Includes all beef suppliers to the McDonald’s System and their raw material suppliers globally and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell beef.

McDonald’s requires all beef raw material sourced from high deforestation priority regions to comply with McDonald’s Deforestation Free Beef Procurement Policy and meet the requirements as outlined in McDonald’s Commitment on Forests.

Exclusions: Beef used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products, for example, as flavoring in a sauce.

McDonald’s product and listed on the product’s ingredient statement.

Wild caught fish refers to fish that come from seas, rivers and other natural bodies of water.

Filet O Fish refers to the McDonald’s menu item containing wild caught fish.

Standard by the Sustainable Fisheries Partnerships.

Includes all wild caught fish sourced for Filet O Fish portions served in operated by the Company and its Franchisees that use palm oil.

Filet O Fish represents over 98% of the total fish are currently identified as high deforestation priority regions for palm oil and volumes used in the McDonald’s System (by weight).

All RSPO supply chain models applicable restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell to RSPO are applicable to McDonald’s: RSPO Identity Preserved (IP), RSPO fish.

Segregated (SG), RSPO Mass Balance (MB) and Book and Claim (BC), although farmed fish.

McDonald’s is committed to increasing traceability by specifying physical total fish sourced by McDonald’s by weight and may include products such as certification for the palm oil used in the McDonald’s System in the greatest tuna, prawns, shrimp, salmon and calamari other breaded products and locally volumes (IP, SG or MB).

Exclusions: Palm oil, palm kernel oil or their derivative sourced products.

The Company has set an expectation that these products are used as secondary ingredients in McDonald’s products.

This is when palm oil is sustainably sourced, although they are not included in this global performance used as an ingredient within an ingredient, for example, an emulsifier.

This was due to impacts on our supply chain from the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and McDonald’s decision to exit the Russian market in 2022.

This resulted in an increase of fish sourced from fisheries whose Fishery Improvements Projects are not yet compliant with our standards.

Moving forward, we have plans in place to reduce sourcing from non compliant fisheries and will increase our supply of fish sourced from compliant fisheries as new facility options have become available.

Scope: Includes all ground and whole bean coffee, including to package guest food on premises at McDonald’s restaurants.

McDonald’s restaurants, and all ground and whole bean coffee in McDonald’s folding cartons, clamshells, food service bags, napkins, salad bowls, Happy Meal branded retail products.

Includes all suppliers of coffee to the McDonald’s cartons, drink carriers and cup carriers.

Market scope includes all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated packaging to the McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned by the Company and its Franchisees that sell coffee, and retail outlets selling and operated by the Company and its Franchisees.

Countries with regions currently based packaging scope was expanded to include plastic alternatives such as identified as high deforestation priority regions for coffee include Honduras, wood stirrers and cutlery, and paper straws and lids.

McDonald’s requires all coffee sourced from these resulted in a slight decrease in percent compliance.

All volumes of contingency regions to be Rainforest Alliance Certified.

Exclusions: Coffee extracts and items sourced from suppliers compliant with our standards but not integrated ingredients used in products such as frapp s and coffee in baked goods coffee into our data reporting system were counted as non compliant.

Countries in cold brew drinks if they are brewed off site coffee extract in ready to drink with regions currently identified as high deforestation priority regions for retail products and other locally sourced products containing coffee.

South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the U.K. and the U.S.

McDonald’s requires all wood fiber sourced from these regions to be Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified or FSC controlled wood sources with full chain of custody certification.

Exclusions: Primary fiber based packaging in food packaged off site McDonald’s restaurants tray liners, straws and limited locally sourced items.

McDonald’s System and all McDonald’s restaurants owned and operated by the Company and its Franchisees that sell chicken.

Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K. and Ukraine.

Given the complexity of soy supply chains, we consider that, unless demonstrated, all of McDonald’s sources of soy for chicken feed fall into high deforestation priority regions, with the exception of chicken sourced in North America where soy used in chicken feed is locally produced and considered low risk.

McDonald’s products sold in restaurants, for example, soy oil.

For more information on terms and definitions, governance, performance data and more, please visit the Our Purpose Impact section of our website.

This Index covers our 2022 progress, unless noted otherwise.

The humanitarian crisis caused by the war in Ukraine and the precipitating unpredictable operating environment led us to determine that continuing operations in Russia was no longer tenable nor consistent with McDonald’s core values.

Due to the transfer of our Russian business in May of 2022, Russia has been excluded from our 2022 performance reporting across ESG topics, unless otherwise stated.

The large decrease in our water withdrawn figures originally reported in 2020 and 2021 compared to our 2022 figure is due to data errors that occurred in 2020 and 2021 calculations, which have been recently identified.

These inconsistencies led to a larger reported figure in previous years than what is reflective of McDonald’s actual water withdrawn.