2022 Health  
for Humanity 
Report

Scientist Jan G. is shown working in Johnson & Johnson’s molecule 
library, which stores more than 1.7 million unique compounds. Our 
scientists can access this library to order compounds for R&D activities 
at Johnson & Johnson. Photo by Frederik Beyens.

Our Approach

Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0 participants Ryan Randle, M.D., and Michelle Salazar, M.D., M.H.Sc., participate in a laparoscopic surgery hands-on lab.

22

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonESG GovernanceHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsAbout This ReportMessage From Our Chairman & CEO

During a year of achievement and evolution, Johnson & Johnson 
met important global targets, including: 

Championing global health equity. I am pleased that we ranked 
#2 on the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, which evaluates the 
world’s largest pharmaceutical companies on their efforts to 
distribute medicines to low- and middle-income countries. We 
also exceeded our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal to support 
1.3 million frontline health workers with tools and training. Other 
initiatives include the Johnson & Johnson Center for Health Worker 
Innovation, which has committed $15 million over three years to 
the Africa Frontline First Catalytic Fund to expand the professional 
workforce of community health workers in ten African countries.

Empowering our employees. Our continued focus on accelerating 
diversity, equity and inclusion outcomes helps us meet the 
changing needs of the communities we serve. I am proud that we 
achieved our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of reaching 35 percent 
racial and ethnic diversity in U.S. management roles. We are also on 
track to achieve gender parity for women in management positions 
around the world. To upskill our employees, we launched J&J Learn, 
a dynamic development ecosystem to ensure easy access to learning 
and growth opportunities. We also enhanced mental health resources 
for our employees and their families.

GRI 2-22

Leading with accountability and innovation. Grounded in the 
belief that science and technology will advance healthcare more in 
this decade than in the last century, we invested nearly $15 billion in 
R&D in 2022 and integrated digital capabilities into how we work.

Already, the use of data science in drug 
discovery has advanced our three treatments 
for multiple myeloma, the second most common 
blood cancer, providing transformational care 
for cancer patients.

Data science is also applied to our R&D ecosystem of medical 
devices, software and robotics solutions, helping healthcare 
providers care for patients with greater precision and efficiency. 
Following the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc., the world leader in 
heart recovery solutions, we are integrating their technology and 
expanding our leadership in cardiovascular care. 

Technology is also helping our supply chain make leaps forward in 
productivity, efficiency and sustainability. This fact was recognized 
by the World Economic Forum, which has granted 11 (three new in 
2022) Lighthouse designations to our manufacturing facilities.

As we reflect on 2022’s accomplishments, we do so with an eye to 
a different but no less exciting future. In 2023, we are on track to 
advance two global companies: Kenvue—a new consumer health 
company—and Johnson & Johnson—dedicated to Pharmaceutical 
and MedTech—that will be uniquely positioned in a fast-moving 
healthcare landscape.

In this report, you will discover many other insights about how 
Johnson & Johnson is creating long-term and sustainable value.  

In the years to come, we are committed to lead and seize 
opportunities for humanity while following Our Credo values.    

Joaquin Duato with Johnson & Johnson colleagues attending the American Society 
of Hematology Annual Meeting in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Thank you for your interest.

Advancing environmental health. In 2022, we secured a deal to 
source 100 percent renewable electricity for our operations in 
Brazil. We also joined a collaboration of pharmaceutical companies 
to support ingredient suppliers’ efforts to decarbonize. In addition, 
we expanded our pharmaceuticals U.S. Safe Returns program to 
Switzerland, with plans to add more countries this year. Also in 
Europe, we expanded our single-use device hospital recycling 
program to eight countries.

Joaquin Duato 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

3

Message From Our 
Chairman & CEO

To Our Global Community,

In a world of opportunity and innovation, Johnson & Johnson  
is committed to improving the health of people everywhere. 

We are guided by Our Credo, a set of values  
that inspires our more than 153,000 employees  
to put the needs and well-being of the people  
we serve first. For 80 years, it has motivated  
us to solve complex health challenges with  
a spirit of innovation.

Improving the health for humanity is Our Purpose and shared 
responsibility. I am honored as Chairman and CEO to continue  
this legacy.

Our solid financial performance in 2022 was driven by an industry-
leading portfolio of scientific and technological innovations that are 
reshaping many aspects of healthcare. Our Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) strategy underpins our business performance 
with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals as key performance 
indicators of our progress. These frameworks guide our decisions 
and direct our positive contributions to society, the economy and 
sustainable development. They also remind us how much more we 
can do for the world.  

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Q&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This ReportQ&A With Our Lead Director

independent Directors—provides robust leadership and oversight. 
But the Board’s oversight and, at times, the responsibilities for 
our standing Committees, must evolve to meet our fiduciary 
obligations and the changing needs of the Company. For example, 
in 2021, the Board formed a Special Committee to oversee the 
separation of the Consumer Health business, and this Special 
Committee remained active through 2022.

Operations & Risk Officer and Executive Committee member, 
and overseen by the Board. This type of oversight is not a new 
responsibility for our Board, and we view compliance and business 
opportunity as closely linked—not in tension—when it comes 
to our strategy. Ethical and compliant conduct is the basis for 
a successful business and can be an enabler of opportunity by 
addressing ESG matters in a strategic and holistic way.

Q&A With  
Our Lead Director

Anne M. Mulcahy, Lead Director of the  
Johnson & Johnson Board of Directors,  
plays a pivotal role in ensuring our Board is 
deeply engaged with our ESG strategy and 
progress. Anne shares some insights below 
in response to questions that reflect current 
interests of key stakeholders.

How have changes in Johnson & Johnson’s business  
environment in 2022 affected the nature of the Board’s  
oversight responsibilities?

As a Board at the helm of a very dynamic organization, we are 
constantly evaluating how a changing world is affecting the 
Company’s business and how we as a Board must respond to both 
current and emerging challenges, and also to opportunities. This 
was particularly true in 2022, as the Company navigated social 
unrest and conflict in many parts of the world, supply chain issues, 
increased inflation and interest rates, extreme weather events 
and more … all while preparing for a successful separation of the 
Consumer Health business segment.

Johnson & Johnson has long thrived in a changing environment; 
the Company has been doing so for more than 135 years. As the 
independent Lead Director for the Johnson & Johnson Board of 
Directors, I work closely with our Chairman of the Board and Chief 
Executive Officer as he focuses on the Company’s trajectory of 
long-term growth. Our current Board structure—an Independent 
Lead Director and five standing Committees comprised entirely of 

How has Johnson & Johnson embedded ESG into its  
business operations?

Johnson & Johnson has a longstanding commitment to creating 
long-term value for all stakeholders both to mitigate risk and 
to explore and develop new business opportunities. These 
responsibilities are outlined in the Company’s Credo, a set of 
business principles that have guided the Company for 80 years. The 
Board’s understanding of—and perspective on—environmental, 
social and governance matters and their relevance to value 
creation has evolved significantly over the past several years, and 
we have taken many opportunities to engage with the business to 
help guide ESG considerations in decision making across many 
aspects of the Company’s activities. For example, we supported 
the formalization of Johnson & Johnson’s ESG strategy in 2022 
and monitored progress on the ESG strategy-aligned Health for 
Humanity 2025 Goals. This plays out in the integration of global 
health equity—a core ESG key focus area—in different business 
processes. For example, Janssen, the Company’s pharmaceutical 
business, actively addresses health inequities by improving diverse 
recruitment for clinical trials and supporting the next generation 
of underrepresented diverse physicians. Advancing environmental 
health is another ESG priority, and J&J MedTech, is advancing 
circularity by partnering with hospitals in Europe to recycle metal 
and plastic components from single-use surgical instruments. The 
program is currently active in eight countries. We’re very excited 
about these projects, and more like them are underway.

We have taken many opportunities to engage  
with the business to help guide ESG considerations 
in decision making across many aspects of the 
Company’s activities.

With increasing regulation expected in ESG matters in the U.S. 
and other countries around the world, will the role of the Board 
become more about compliance than opportunity?

As a highly regulated business, Johnson & Johnson relies on 
a robust compliance organization, led by our Chief Technical 

Our Board at Johnson & Johnson realized this connection long 
ago, and we have significantly integrated ESG matters in our 
Board agenda. For example, in 2021, I joined the Board Committee 
Chairs overseeing risk and sustainability topics in engaging in the 
Company’s most recent ESG Priority Topics Assessment, the results 
of which have informed the Company’s reporting and disclosure 
and will play a significant role in Johnson & Johnson’s next set of 
public goals. 

In 2022, the Board decided to realign Committee responsibilities 
and enhanced and expanded the scope of the Regulatory 
Compliance & Sustainability Committee. This action better 
positions the Board to oversee certain ESG matters alongside  
other compliance matters.

What do you believe to be the greatest opportunity that Johnson & 
Johnson has to create long-term value for all stakeholders?

Financial results will always be an important measure of 
performance, but Johnson & Johnson will continue its sustainable 
long-term growth through operating with a focus on the future 
and by refusing to compromise on Our Credo values. It is a core 
responsibility of the Board to capitalize on the Company’s position 
of strength as a leader in healthcare by guiding Johnson & Johnson 
to address the pressing concerns of today while preparing to meet 
the challenges of tomorrow. Investments in R&D, data science  
and digital innovation are central to advancing the Company’s  
ESG strategy, and these investments are reflected in the strategies 
of Johnson & Johnson’s business segments and Enterprise 
functions. These emerging fields will drive value creation 
throughout the Company.

I’m very excited for the future at Johnson & Johnson, especially 
with its focus on innovation, which enables the Company to 
pursue both its purpose and performance with equal commitment. 
Transformational innovation, science and technology are 
fundamental to the Company’s strong financial performance, and 
it is this powerful financial performance that enables Johnson & 
Johnson to sustain and exceed its investment in lifesaving and 
life-enhancing innovations, benefiting millions of patients and 
consumers each year.

4

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This Report 
 
Year in Brief

Champion global health equity

Empower our employees

Advance environmental health

Year in Brief

      >180 million
patients treated with a Janssen medicine 

       36%
ethnic/racial diversity in management positions within 
the U.S., achieving the Health for Humanity 2025 Goal

     >586,000
cumulative doses of SIRTURO (bedaquiline) treatments 
for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis shipped

    #2
ranking in the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, 
reflecting our strategy to enable access to our 
medicines and technologies for people in low-  
and middle-income countries

     1.3 million
nurses, midwives and community health workers 
supported with skills, tools and growth through 
the Johnson & Johnson Center for Health Worker 
Innovation, exceeding the Health for Humanity Goal1

Lead with accountability  
and innovation

>130,000  
employees (92%)

responded to Our Credo Survey, 
with an 87% favorability rate 
among participants—a testament  
to our values-driven culture

100%
renewable electricity 
secured for our operations 
in Brazil starting in 2023 
through a Direct Power 
Purchase Agreement

      CDP A List
for leadership in climate action for  
the fifth year in a row

J&J Learn
launched as a dynamic 
learning and development 
ecosystem that empowers 
employees with continuous 
opportunities for reskilling, 
upskilling and development

      New multiyear 
collaborative initiative 
(DiCE—Digital Health in a Circular Economy) 
launched by Janssen, with co-funding from the  
EU Horizon Europe program, to address digital 
health waste

     $14.6 billion
invested in research  
and development across 
our businesses

      Responsibility  
Standards for Suppliers 
updated with expanded expectations on supplier 
diversity, equity and inclusion, information security 
and environmental responsibility

      105,000
employees completed Health Care 
Compliance training, the highest 
completion number to date

1 Funded in part by the Johnson & Johnson Foundation, a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee, and by the Corporation and operating companies across the Johnson & Johnson 
Family of Companies. The Foundation operates worldwide as the Johnson & Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson & Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

5

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This Report2022 Health for  
Humanity Report

Year in Brief

Recognitions

ESG Ratings

  Improved

  Maintained

ESG Rater

   Score

Notes

Ranked as a  
Top 50 All-Star 

on Fortune’s World’s Most 
Admired Companies list for  
the 20th consecutive year

Ranked #1 

on the Pharmaceutical Industry 
list of the Fortune World’s Most 
Admired Companies list for the 
ninth year in a row

Most Innovative 
Companies

J&J MedTech selected as 
one of Fast Company’s Most 
Innovative Companies

Ranked #9

on Drucker Institute’s Top  
250 Best-Managed Companies 
of 2022

Climate

Water

Fifth consecutive year 
with Trendsetter status

Named to the CPA-Zicklin Index 
of Corporate Political Disclosure 
and Accountability

For six years in a row,

included as a Seramount Top 
10 Inclusion Index Member for 
diversity best practices

Best Employer  
for Diversity 

Forbes 2022

12th consecutive year 

of being a member of the  
Billion Dollar Roundtable for 
supplier diversity

Ranked #4 

Sixth consecutive year

on Gartner Inc.’s annual ranking 
of top 25 company supply chains

Named to the 2022 CDP  
Supply Chain Leaderboard

Previous 
Score

3.76

Current 
Score

4.03

Ranked #2 in the Access to Medicine Index 
and featured as an Index top-three performer 
for the sixth consecutive year.

Previous 
Score

A

Current 
Score

A

Recognized with a CDP A List rating for our 
leadership in climate action for the fifth 
consecutive year.

Previous 
Score

A-

Current 
Score

A-

Achieved CDP’s A- rating for Water Risk.

Previous 
Score

68

Current 
Score

72

Scored in the 97th percentile for the  
pharmaceutical manufacturing sector for the  
EcoVadis sustainability assessment for 2022.

Previous 
Score

4.3

Current 
Score

4.4

Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series for  
the 22nd year, scoring in the 97th percentile in  
our sector in 2022.

2

Previous 
Score

B-

Current 
Score

B-

Received ISS ESG “good” rating.

Moody’s Analytics

Previous 
Score

54

Current 
Score

56

Ranked #1 in the pharmaceuticals &  
biotechnology sector in North America for  
Moody’s Analytics’ ESG scorecard for 2022.

3

Previous 
Score

BBB

Current 
Score

A

Achieved MSCI “A” ESG Rating in 2022.

Previous 
Score

25.1

Current 
Score

24.1

Received Sustainalytics “medium” risk rating.

2 Current ISS ESG score from August 8, 2022 update. 3 The use by Johnson & Johnson of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a 
sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Johnson & Johnson by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks 
or service marks of MSCI.

6

Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This Report 
2022 Health for  
Humanity Report

About Johnson & Johnson

About Johnson & Johnson

GRI 2-1

Our Purpose

We blend heart, science and 
ingenuity to profoundly change the 
trajectory of health for humanity.

Our Values

We are driven by Our Credo, a set 
of values and principles that, since 
1943, has challenged and inspired 
us to put the needs and well-being 
of the people we serve first.

Our Business

Johnson & Johnson, through its Family of Companies (“the Company”), is the largest, most 
diversified healthcare products company, headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. Our operating 
companies employ approximately 153,700 employees4 in virtually all countries of the world, who 
are engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products 
in the healthcare field. We work with more than 46,000 suppliers and hundreds of external 
manufacturers to support the development and manufacturing of our products worldwide. The 
Company’s product portfolio includes thousands of Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer 
Health products that address the health and wellness needs of people every day.

Financial Results (Millions)

Sales by Business Segment (Millions)

Johnson & Johnson is a publicly owned corporation with stock traded on the 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:JNJ).

$14,603
$14,714

$17,941

$20,878

R&D  
investment

Net  
earnings

Total sales

2021

2022

$ millions

* Includes dividend declared in April 2023.

$176.65
Market price  
per share  
(year-end close)

61
Consecutive 
years of dividend 
increases*

$94,943
$93,775

Pharmaceutical
$52,563

MedTech
$27,427

Consumer Health*
$14,953

•  Cardiovascular,  
Metabolism & Retina
• Immunology

•   Infectious Diseases 

& Vaccines 

•  Neuroscience

•  Oncology

•  Pulmonary Hypertension

•   Interventional Solutions

•   Orthopaedics

•   Baby Care

•   Oral Care

•   Surgery (General & Advanced)

•   Over-the-Counter Medicines

•   Vision

•   Skin Health/Beauty

•   Women’s Health

•   Wound Care

* In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, publicly 
traded company. In September 2022, Kenvue was announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company. Kenvue 
was part of Johnson & Johnson for all of 2022 (the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report). Kenvue completed an 
initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock on May 8th, 2023. As of the closing of the initial public offering, the 
Company owns approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. The Company remains on track to 
complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

4 Abiomed headcount is not included in this total employee number due to year-end acquisition timing and our Human Resources Information System integration processes.

7

Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This ReportESG Governance

GRI 2-12, 2-13, 2-14, 2-23, 2-24, 2-28, 2-29, 3-1, 3-2

The Company’s dedication to integrating ESG into our business strategies starts at the highest levels 
of leadership, where the Board has overall accountability for ESG risk management oversight. 

ESG Governance

Priority Topics Matrix

Effective ESG governance requires both management engagement and Board- 
level oversight. The Board’s ESG risk management approach is designed to 
effectively govern and manage the ESG risks and opportunities that are integral 
to the Company’s core business strategy. Significant ESG risks are reviewed and 
evaluated by the Board and its Committees as part of their ongoing risk oversight  
of our Company.

In 2022, we improved ESG governance matters in the following ways:  

•   We announced our evolved ESG strategy, focused on championing global 
health equity, empowering our employees and advancing environmental 
health. Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to  
these efforts.

•   The Enterprise Governance Council, the Company’s primary governance 
body for ESG matters, updated its ESG knowledge module and made it 
available to all employees to help them understand our ESG management 
approach, including our ESG strategy. 

•   We held our fifth investor relations ESG webcast in June 2022, to update 

shareholders on our ESG performance and progress against our Health for 
Humanity 2025 Goals. The webcast included an interview with members of 
the Johnson & Johnson Board of Directors and our Chief Financial Officer.

•   We continued to improve our disclosures on ESG topics, including 

enhancing our Tax Policy, Position on Disaster Relief and Position on 
Employee Development. We also expanded disclosures with additional 
metrics for greater transparency. 

ESG Priorities

At Johnson & Johnson, we use our materiality assessment, which we call our Priority 
Topics Assessment (PTA), to identify, prioritize and strategically address relevant ESG 
topics that can have a significant impact on society or our business. Since 2008, we 
have conducted the PTA every two to three years. Our last PTA was conducted in 
2021 with a double materiality focus, by which we examined ESG priority topics from 
two standpoints: the impact of a topic on Johnson & Johnson’s business results and 
the impact of Johnson & Johnson’s business on people, the environment and society 
in general. Our Priority Topics Matrix presents our ESG priorities.

8

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsAbout This ReportESG Strategy

Stakeholder Engagement

Our ESG strategy is grounded in Our Credo values, informed by both our Company’s purpose to 
change the trajectory of health for humanity and the views of our external stakeholders. We set our 
ESG strategy in a deliberate manner, focusing our efforts on the areas where we are well positioned 
to achieve the greatest impact: championing global health equity, empowering our employees and 
advancing environmental health. Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to these 
efforts. Our ESG approach is designed to effectively govern and manage all risks, including ESG risks, 
while also enabling us to identify opportunities that accurately reflect our business strategy. This 
sustained, focused approach promotes resiliency and drives growth, better positioning us to continue 
investing for our future and enhancing the long-term value of our business.

ESG Governance

The deep and longstanding relationships we cultivate with our stakeholders are vital to our business 
success and our ESG strategy. Johnson & Johnson interacts with numerous stakeholder groups at the 
global, national and local levels, including through membership of, and participation in, a broad range  
of advocacy organizations and industry associations. 

In 2022, our targeted engagement activities included: 

Promoting health legislation in the U.S.: The U.S. maternal mortality rate continues to exceed the rate 
of other high-income countries, including a 40% increase in 2021 .5 In the U.S., Medicaid has a vital 
role to play in improving maternal health outcomes, with nearly half of all births financed by Medicaid. 
We strongly supported state efforts to advance legislation to extend Medicaid postpartum coverage 
to 12 months for new mothers, helping address disproportionate maternal mortality outcomes in 
disadvantaged communities. 

Johnson & Johnson also joined more than 70 healthcare organizations in advocating for the Dr. Lorna 
Breen Health Care Provider Protection Act (H.R. 1667), the first ever federal legislation in the U.S. 
directed at protecting the mental health of the country’s healthcare workforce to facilitate the reduction 
and prevention of suicide, burnout and mental and behavioral health conditions among HCPs. The Act 
became law in March 2022.

While health worker burnout had reached a crisis point before the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the acute mental health needs and risk factors among HCPs were brought into sharp focus 
in the early days of 2020 as health workers experienced severe work trauma, burnout, and 
exhaustion. The tragic death by suicide of emergency room physician, Dr. Lorna Breen, 
in April 2020, underscored the urgent need to provide better support services to health 
workers. In July 2020, Senator Tim Kaine (D-VA) introduced a bill to protect the mental 
health of the healthcare workforce. Developed alongside the Dr. Lorna Breen Heroes’ 
Foundation with support from Johnson & Johnson, this bill would eventually become the 
Dr. Lorna Breen Healthcare Provider Protection Act. 

Scroll over the ESG focus areas to learn more

For more information on how we help our stakeholders understand how we are managing the risk 
of these relevant ESG topics and embedding sustainability into decision making, which is a critical 
component of our ESG governance, please see our ESG Strategy and our ESG Resources.

5 Hoyert DL, “Maternal Mortality Rates in the United States, 2021,” CDC National Health Center for Statistics,  
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/hestat/maternal-mortality/2021/maternal-mortality-rates-2021.htm.

9

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Learn more    Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsAbout This ReportLearn more    Champion global health equity 
ESG Governance

Supporting healthcare policy making in Europe: As the founding 
knowledge partner and sponsor of All Policies for a Healthy Europe 
Coalition, we strengthened our partnership on the development of 
numerous publications and policy dialogues by the coalition in three 
areas: the economy of well-being (covering the COVID-19 pandemic 
response, health systems resilience, value-based healthcare and the 
EU Beating Cancer policies); the digitalization of health (contributing 
our expertise to emerging data governance, the European Health 
Data Space and AI policies); and environmental health (supporting 
the revision of the ambient air directive). 

Janssen has been a leading industry voice shaping the EU 
Pharmaceutical Strategy, championing patient access to  
medicines and strong IP rights. We have shone a light on the 
changes in EU legislation that would diminish IP rights, a critical 
element underpinning medical innovation in Europe. Janssen 
provides evidence and data to help stakeholders appreciate 
the need for strong IP protections to develop new treatments 
to address unmet medical needs. We also advocate for an agile 
regulatory framework that will allow fast adoption of innovative 
new medicines supported through the use of real-world evidence, 
digital health technology and data sharing. Our activities in 2022 
included direct dialogue with European policymakers and other 
stakeholders, along with yearlong media engagement, adding our 
voice to the public debate.

Not every asset that we start working on actually 
makes it to the finish line. IP allows us to generate 
return for the value that we bring to patients and 
society once the therapy is available, and that’s a  
return that we actually reinvest into developing new 
advanced lifesaving and breakthrough therapies.

Dirk de Smaele
Global Head and Vice President,  
Therapeutics Development & Supply, Janssen

   To learn more about the importance of IP in pharmaceutical 
innovation: 

Strengthening the healthcare industry in Asia: Johnson & 
Johnson led the healthcare industry presence at the 2022 
Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders’ Week in 
Bangkok, Thailand, as the only healthcare company speaking at 
the event. APEC is a critical and highly influential forum, driving 
improvements in healthcare policy, innovation and access across 
this large and diverse region of the world. The Leader’s Week was 
the first in-person APEC gathering since 2018 and a significant 
opportunity for our global delegation to engage with heads of state 
and government leaders from all 21 APEC countries, industry and 
academia. We shared Johnson & Johnson’s perspective on key 
healthcare challenges and the importance of advancing quality 
health data, health financing for innovation and supply chain 
resilience to improve healthcare outcomes. 

Participating in global convenings to advance healthcare 
systems: Leaders from across Johnson & Johnson participated  
in several key events and meetings during the UN General 
Assembly in 2022. Our engagement emphasized the importance  
of advancing equitable access to care, investing in health workers 
and innovation to eradicate pandemic and epidemic diseases,  
and pandemic response. 

Also in 2022, global health leaders and stakeholders gathered in 
Geneva, Switzerland, for the 75th annual World Health Assembly 
(WHA), with representation of 194 country delegations. The WHA 
provides an important opportunity for partners across sectors 
to engage, build and strengthen relationships and to accelerate 
action on pressing health challenges facing the world. As a global 
healthcare leader, Johnson & Johnson was an active convenor  
and contributor to events during the WHA, providing a critical 
private sector lens and bringing greater awareness of our unique 
lab-to-last-mile approach to advancing equitable access to care.  
Our engagement covered key issues, including vaccination to  
eradicate disease such as Ebola, fighting infectious diseases like 
TB and supporting frontline health workers. Also, at WHA 2022, 
Johnson & Johnson announced our new Global Surgery Initiative 
and joined discussions on the importance of investing in sustainable 
surgical systems to advance equitable access to care. 

Engaging with industry on ESG: We continued to engage 
with the pharmaceutical industry to ensure the expertise of our 
industry is reflected in the ESG metrics and related disclosures 
that are most relevant to the sector. Working as part of the 
Biopharma Sustainability Roundtable (BSRT), a network that 
supports sustainability in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry, 
Johnson & Johnson participates in the Biopharma Investor ESG 
Communications Initiative, which supports the development of 
decision-useful communications about the sector’s most important 
ESG issues. In 2022, BSRT released the Biopharma Investor ESG 
Communications Guidance 4.0, the result of collaboration among 
leading pharmaceutical companies, including Johnson & Johnson, 
as well as investor groups.

As a leading pharmaceutical company, we are always 
seeking to respond positively to investor information 
needs, as well as those of other stakeholders. We
value the opportunity to collaborate with peer 
companies to define disclosure guidance specific 
to our sector, and we believe this helps elevate 
ESG awareness and sets a benchmark for investor 
expectations of our industry.

Monica Neufang
Vice President, Enterprise ESG Program Office,  
Johnson & Johnson, member of the Biopharma Investor 
ESG Communications Initiative Working Group

Engaging stakeholders for this Report: Many internal stakeholders 
across Johnson & Johnson’s global teams provided input for this 
Report. The Chairman of the Board and CEO,  the Disclosure 
Committee and the Disclosure Sub-Committee6 reviewed the 
Report outline and metrics, and the Disclosure Committee reviewed 
the full Report. Our entire Executive Committee reviewed and 
approved the 2022 Health for Humanity Report, and it was shared 
with the Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee of the 
Board of Directors and the full Board prior to publication.

6 The Disclosure Sub-Committee comprises the Corporate Secretary and  leaders from the Controllers’ office and Treasury and Investor Relations departments. The Disclosure Committee comprises the Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, 
Corporate Secretary, Head of Litigation plus leaders from the Controllers’ office and Investor Relations and Global Audit & Assurance departments.

10

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Watch video Learn more    Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsAbout This Report   
Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Our ambitious set of Health for Humanity 2025 Goals align to our ESG focus areas and foundation of 
accountability and innovation, and is how we hold ourselves publicly accountable in creating a more 
sustainable society. We measure and track performance against our Goals, with progress assured by  
a third party. Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, we support 11 of the 17 UN SDGs.

Scorecard At-A-Glance
+ Exceeded: Exceeded target
✓ Achieved: Met target
↗ On track: Expected to meet target by 2025 or 2030

→ Some progress: Progressing more slowly than expected 
—plans are in place to meet target by 2025 or 2030
✕ Off track: Not progressing as expected—currently at  
risk of not meeting target by 2025 or 2030

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Goal

Key Performance Indicator

Target

2022 Status

Global health equity

Global Access 
Plans

Access to HIV 
Treatment

% of identified assets from Johnson & Johnson Global  
Public Health and Janssen Infectious Diseases & Vaccines 
R&D pipeline with global access plans in place by 2025.

100%

LAI Access Program in place in two RLS countries.

Access to 
Tuberculosis (TB) 
Treatment

# of cumulative patients receiving access to bedaquiline 
molecule (branded and generic) globally from 2021  
through to end of 2025.

Two 
countries

700,000

Developing  
TB Treatment

Stringent regulatory authority approval of a new TB drug/
regimen that reduces treatment length and is at least as 
effective and safe as the current recommended treatment  
by 2030.

New TB 
drug/
regimen

Access to 
Schizophrenia 
Treatment

Complete a clinical study to demonstrate the health,  
economic and social value of using paliperidone palmitate  
LAI to treat schizophrenia in Rwanda by 2024.

Complete 
clinical 
study

Goal

Key Performance Indicator

Target

2022 Status

Our employees

Women in 
Management

Ethnic/Racial 
Diversity in 
Management

Black/African 
Americans in 
Management

% of women in management positions.

% of ethnic/racial diversity in management positions  
in the U.S.

% of Black and African American employees 
in management positions in the U.S.

Healthiest 
Workforce Score

% of Johnson & Johnson leaders and their managers 
achieving ≥80% annual Healthiest Workforce Score.

Women in 
STEM²D

# of girls who have participated in virtual or in-person 
activities led by employees in partnership with  
nonprofit partners.

Environmental health

Renewable 
Electricity

% renewable electricity globally.

Carbon 
Neutrality for  
Our Operations

% absolute reduction in greenhouse gas  
(GHG) emissions – Scope 1 + 2 + carbon  
credits vs. 2016 baseline.

Scope 3 Emissions 
Reductions

% absolute reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG)  
emissions – Scope 3 (upstream) vs. 2016 baseline.

50%

35%

50% 
growth 
from 2020

80% of 
leaders 
and their 
managers

2,000,000

100%

100%

20%

All 
suppliers

Support Frontline 
Health Workers

# of nurses, midwives and community health workers  
reached globally.

1,000,000

Accountability & innovation

Reduce Burden of 
Obstetric Fistula

# of fistula repair surgeries (based on surgeries reported  
or product donated).

10,000

Preventive 
Viral Vaccine 
Capabilities

Vaccination 
Monitoring 
Platform

Healthcare  
for Women

Create playbook including Documented Organizational 
Readiness for Pandemic Preparedness based on the 
demonstrated accelerated process for emergency use 
licensure submission of our COVID-19 vaccine.

Create 
playbook

Adoption of endorsed platform by at least two countries  
by 2025.

Two 
countries

Three best-practice healthcare for women insights 
published.

Three

Supplier 
Sustainability 
Program

Global Supplier 
Diversity and 
Inclusion

Partnerships  
for Good  

All suppliers included in one of the three Tiers.

Spend with Tier 1 small and diverse suppliers, social 
enterprise and Tier 2 supplier spend.

$4.5 billion

# of supplier partnerships.

10

See our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard for full results.

11

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonESG GovernanceAbout This ReportAbout This Report

About This Report

GRI 2-2, 2-3, 2-4, 2-5

Johnson & Johnson’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report details our ESG progress and performance and 
should be reviewed in conjunction with disclosures on the ESG Policies & Positions page. 

Data in this annual Report cover the period between January 1, 
2022, and December 31, 2022, unless otherwise indicated, and  
was published in June 2023. Reporting on other matters specific  
to financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries can 
be found in our 2022 Annual Report.

This Report covers Johnson & Johnson’s worldwide operations 
across our three business segments: Pharmaceutical, MedTech  
and Consumer Health.7 For select metrics, we report segment-
level data. Contract manufacturers are excluded from the scope of 
this Report, unless otherwise noted. References in this Report to 
“Johnson & Johnson,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” all refer 
to Johnson & Johnson and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless 
otherwise stated or indicated by context. All monetary references 
to dollars ($) refer to U.S. Dollars (USD).

This Report also covers some activities of the Johnson & Johnson 
Foundation, a registered charity and a company limited by 
guarantee. The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the 
Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies and is funded solely by 
the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies, The Foundation 
operates worldwide as Johnson & Johnson Foundation United 
States (founded 1953) and Johnson & Johnson Foundation Scotland 
(founded 2007). More details on Foundation activities can be found 
in the Johnson & Johnson Foundation United States 2022 Annual 
Report and the Johnson & Johnson Foundation Scotland 2022 
Directors’ Report. 

The Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (see ESG Disclosure Index: 
GRI Content Index). We also disclose our performance against 
additional ESG standards and frameworks (see ESG Disclosure 
Index), including:

•   Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  

relevant Standards: HC-BP, HC-MS, CG-HP;

•   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures  

(TCFD), building on our responses to the CDP climate  
change questionnaire;

•   Norges Bank Investment Management and Basel Institute on 
Governance’s “Measuring effectiveness of anti-corruption 
programmes” reporting framework, adding disclosures against 
this set of 17 indicators; and

•   UN Global Compact (UNGC); see our annual Communication 

on Progress.

Materiality approach:8 The content in this Report is guided by 
our PTA, which helps us identify and prioritize the ESG topics that 
matter most to our stakeholders and to our Company. Please see 
our Priority Topics Assessment for details of our latest update and 
Priority Topics. 

Independent review and assurance: ERM Certification and 
Verification Services (ERM CVS) conducted an independent review 
and assurance of the following information and data in the Report:

•   Progress against our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals and 

associated data presented in the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals 
Scorecard (see ERM CVS’s Health for Humanity 2025 Goals 
Assurance); and

•   Select 2022 global GHG emissions inventory, the percentage 

of electricity use generated by renewable energy sources, NOx 
and SOx emissions (from combustion sources) and select water 
management data (see GHG & Air Emissions, Electricity and 
Water Data Assurance). Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions are 
reported using the WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004, as updated  
January 2015).

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) performed limited assurance 
on certain data in the following categories (see PwC’s Report of 
Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion):

•    Our Giving

•   Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (select metrics)

•   Environmental Health & Safety (EH&S Compliance  

and Certifications)

•   Employee Retention and Turnover

•    Employee Engagement (Our Credo Survey Results) (select metrics)

•    Employee Safety

•   Ethics and Compliance (Inquiries and Complaints as Recorded 

with Our Credo Integrity Line by Category)

•   Ethics and Compliance (Compliance-Related Allegations 

Investigated Through Triage Committee)

•   Product Quality Indicators

•   Tax Contributions

Our Global Audit & Assurance organization reviewed select 
data for accuracy, completeness and validity. The financial data 
and general information about the business in this Report were 
previously audited for disclosure in our 2022 Annual Report.

Acquisitions: EH&S data of recently acquired companies, 
except for employee road safety data and site ISO and OHSAS 
certification data, are included in the Report two years after 
acquisition, unless otherwise noted. This approach allows the 
new acquisitions to adjust their EH&S management and reporting 
systems to Johnson & Johnson standards.

•   Road safety data are integrated the first year after acquisition, 
where available, and two years after acquisition at the latest.

•   ISO and OHSAS certification data are integrated three years  

after acquisition. 

Abiomed, which was acquired in late December 2022, is reflected 
only in the financial data included in this Health for Humanity Report. 
Due to the timing of the acquisition and the nature of our Human 
Resources Information System, no other Abiomed data are included 
in this 2022 Health for Humanity Report. See the Johnson & Johnson 
2022 Annual Report for more information on Abiomed. 

The dates and details of recent acquisitions can be found in  
Note 18 (Acquisitions and Divestitures) on page 82 of our 
2022 Annual Report.

7 Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer Health segment, now Kenvue, operated as part of Johnson & Johnson for all of 2022.  
8 Materiality, as used in this Report, and our PTA process are different than the definitions used in the context of filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

12

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceAbout This Report

from the separation; the New Consumer Health Company’s 
ability to succeed as a standalone publicly traded company; 
and risks related to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 global 
pandemic, including continued supply chain disruptions and other 
impacts to the business. A further list and descriptions of these 
risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & 
Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
January 1, 2023, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary 
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. 
Risk Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly 
Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online 
at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & 
Johnson. Any forward-looking statement made in this Report 
speaks only as of the date of this report. Johnson & Johnson does 
not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result 
of new information or future events or developments. 

Third-party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their 
respective owners.

Divestitures: Except for injury statistics and violations or  
fines, EH&S data of divested companies are excluded in the 
reporting year. 

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to 
separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, 
publicly traded company. In September 2022, Kenvue was 
announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health 
Company. Kenvue was part of Johnson & Johnson for all of 2022 
(the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report). 
Kenvue completed an initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares 
of its common stock on May 8, 2023. As of the closing of the initial 
public offering, the Company owns approximately 89.6% of the 
total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. The Company 
remains on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to 
market conditions. 

In future reporting years, starting with the 2023 Health for 
Humanity Report, Kenvue data will not be included nor restated.

Restatements: We use a 5% change threshold to apply to 
significant changes in data or information that is restated, unless 
otherwise noted. There are several potential reasons that may lead 
to a restatement of either prior periods or baseline data (e.g., a 
significant change in newly published measures, new acquisitions 
or divestitures, data errors or improvements in data collection 
methodology over time). Depending on circumstances, each is 
evaluated using this threshold, and appropriate disclosures are 
included in the Report. Data that were not disclosed in prior  
years are noted as “not reported” in relevant tables throughout  
the Report.

Contact us: We welcome your queries and feedback on this 
Report. Please contact the Johnson & Johnson Enterprise  
ESG Program Office at: WW-Corporate-Governance@its.jnj.com.

   Please visit the Reporting Hub for our archive of annual  
Health for Humanity Reports.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: 
This Report contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in 
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, 
among other things: future operating and financial performance, 
product development, market position, business strategy and 
the anticipated separation of the Company’s Consumer Health 
business. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-
looking statements. These statements are based on current 
expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove 
inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, 
actual results could vary materially from the expectations and 
projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to: economic factors, such as interest rate 
and currency exchange rate fluctuations; competition, including 
technological advances, new products and patents attained 
by competitors; challenges inherent in new product research 
and development, including uncertainty of clinical success and 
obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success 
for new and existing products; challenges to patents; the impact 
of patent expirations; the ability of the Company to successfully 
execute strategic plans; the impact of business combinations 
and divestitures; manufacturing difficulties or delays, internally 
or within the supply chain; product efficacy or safety concerns 
resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; significant adverse 
litigation or government action, including related to product liability 
claims; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including tax 
laws, supply chain due diligence, regulation of greenhouse gas 
emission and related reporting; and global healthcare reforms; 
trends toward healthcare cost containment; changes in behavior 
and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and 
services; financial instability of international economies and legal 
systems and sovereign risk; increased scrutiny of the healthcare 
industry by government agencies; the Company’s ability to satisfy 
the necessary conditions to consummate the separation of the 
Company’s Consumer Health business on a timely basis or at all; 
the Company’s ability to successfully separate the Company’s 
Consumer Health business and realize the anticipated benefits 

13

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportGlobal Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Approach  Message From Our Chairman & CEOQ&A With Our Lead DirectorYear in BriefAbout Johnson & JohnsonHealth for Humanity 2025 GoalsESG GovernanceGlobal Health Equity

Healthcare workers from the Bomu Hospital in Kenya teach members of the Maasai community about obstetric fistula. In 2022, the Johnson & Johnson 
Foundation continued to support healthcare workers through the Fistula Foundation. Photo Credit: Bomu Hospital.

1414

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  AccessAdvancing Public HealthGlobal SurgeryMental HealthcareVisionOur Race to Health EquityFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesPandemics & EpidemicsHIVTuberculosisEbolaNeglected Tropical DiseasesAntimicrobial ResistanceHealthcare Innovation Pharmaceutical R&DMedTech InnovationData Science & Digital HealthInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsConsumer HealthAccess

Access

GRI 203-2, J&J22-1, SASB HC-BP-240a.1, SASB HC-BP-240a.2

Across Johnson & Johnson, we continue to build on our legacy of more than 135 years of blending 
innovation, scientific excellence and caring for people to tackle some of today’s toughest health 
challenges and help deliver improved health for all, everywhere.

At the core of our mission is a commitment to advance global 
health equity. For that to become a reality, people need to have 
access to affordable lifesaving and life-enhancing treatments in 
every corner of the world. This need is even more acute due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which has severely disrupted essential health 
services, shortened life expectancy and exacerbated inequities in 
access to basic health services.9

In all that we do, we seek to enhance access to our innovative 
medicines, vaccines and medical technologies everywhere, 
especially for populations in resource-limited settings. We share 
our progress in making our medicines and technologies available to 
help combat specific diseases such as HIV, TB, Ebola and certain 
NTDs in the Pandemics & Epidemics section of this Report.

Two billion people worldwide are unable to access essential 
medicines and healthcare services.10

Taking a lead in access to medicine

Access to medicine is central to our global health equity strategy 
and is embedded in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals across 
several explicit commitments. Our progress against these 
commitments is described in this Report and summarized in our 
Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard.

More than 180 million patients treated globally with  
a Janssen medicine in 2022

Note: Patients treated represents the estimated number of people 
globally who were treated with a Janssen medicine in 2022, 
including patients reached through our VERMOX (mebendazole) 
donation program. This total excludes people vaccinated with 
our Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine, which is reported 
separately. We estimated the number of patients treated by 
converting quantities of Janssen medicines into courses of therapy 
or total patient days of therapy per year and then converting those 
into numbers of people based on average utilization per patient.

Patients taking multiple Janssen products may be counted as 
multiple patients in the total. Methodologies may vary by product 
type given the nature of the product and available data. Our 
estimated number of patients treated may be revised over time as we 
gain new information on patient usage or experience restatements in 
underlying data sources or changes in product portfolios. 

Our progress in advancing access and innovating novel medicines 
was recognized by the Access to Medicine Foundation in its  
2022 Access to Medicine Index (ATMI) in which Johnson & 
Johnson ranked second, rising from third in 2021.  

Our position among the top three companies 
worldwide on the ATMI for a sixth consecutive year 
reflects our decades of commitment to enhancing 
access to our medicines and strengthening healthcare 
systems. It is also a testament to our colleagues and 
partners around the world who endeavor every day 
to enable millions of people in almost 100 lower- and 
middle-income countries to benefit from our innovative 
medicines and technologies.

Jennifer Taubert
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, 
Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson

Johnson & Johnson’s Current and Cumulative 
Accomplishments Recognized by the 2022  
ATMI Include: 

2nd largest R&D 
Priority Pipeline  
with 64 projects addressing 
diseases such as HIV, TB 
and dengue and the 3rd 
largest overall R&D pipeline 
in scope for ATMI with  
101 projects 

100% of access  
plans in place  
for eligible late-stage 
projects—40 projects  
in total 

 3 Centers for Global 
Health Discovery  
to support research to 
address critical health 
challenges, including TB, 
AMR and dengue 

Phase 1  
clinical study completed 
that evaluated a dengue-
specific antiviral treatment 
and prophylactic use 

2.2 billion doses  
of our medicine VERMOX 
(mebendazole) to treat 
children infected with 
intestinal worms donated 
since 2006 

>586,000 courses  
of our medicine SIRTURO 
(bedaquiline) to treat 
multidrug-resistant TB 
delivered since 2014 

264,000 people  
vaccinated with our  
Ebola vaccine regimen 

Digital Public  
Good designation  
achieved for VXNAID,  
our vaccination  
monitoring platform 

10 initiatives 
addressing health systems 
strengthening and R&D 
capacity building were 
noted as meeting all Good 
Practice Standards 

9 initiatives 
addressing supply chain  
and manufacturing  
capacity building were 
noted as meeting all Good  
Practice Standards 

$100 million  
invested to help  
establish the $1 billion  
AMR Action Fund

9 United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Sustainable Development, “Goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages,” https://sdgs.un.org/goals/goal3, accessed February 2023. 10 Big Pharma, Access to 
Medicine Foundation, “R&D-based pharma companies,” https://accesstomedicinefoundation.org/sectors-and-research/big-pharma, accessed February 2023.

15

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
 
Access

Making progress by design: We apply our Janssen Access and 
Pricing Principles across our entire pharmaceutical portfolio, 
planning for access early in the research phase. We work 
systematically for each asset in development to thoroughly 
understand the disease characteristics, patient burden of disease 
and product characteristics. In our access planning, we consider 
health system characteristics, access and affordability, applying 
a variety of approaches, including value-based pricing, equity-
based tiered pricing and other access initiatives tailored to the 
disease and product, as we work with other stakeholders to enable 
patient access to medicines across a wide variety of health system 
characteristics and country ability and willingness to pay.

Janssen, along with our Global Public Health organization, deploys 
a lab-to-last-mile approach to fight diseases such as HIV, TB and 
Ebola, driving targeted innovation and initiatives to overcome 
barriers to deliver access to our medicines, strengthen health 
systems and support frontline health workers. 

Medicine prequalification by the World Health 
Organization (WHO) is designed to ensure that 
medicines supplied by procurement agencies meet 
acceptable standards of quality, safety and efficacy. 
Eight Johnson & Johnson products have received 
prequalified listed status.11

 6 

Johnson & Johnson 
products (addressing 
HIV and intestinal 
worms) are on the WHO 
List of Prequalified 
Medicinal Products.

 2  

Johnson & Johnson 
products (our Ebola 
vaccine regimen)12  
are on the WHO  
List of Prequalified
Vaccines.

Advancing access in the U.S.: Equitable access strategies are 
important not only in LMICs, but also in higher-income countries 
that are home to vulnerable and under-resourced populations as 
well. With a focus on access in the U.S., in 2023, we published our 
seventh annual Janssen U.S. Transparency Report, sharing updates 

relating to our pricing of medicines, our R&D investments and 
patient support programs. Notable details include:

•  $33.9 billion paid in rebates, discounts and fees*

•   (3.5%) average net price decline of Janssen medicines,  

declining for the sixth year in a row.*

As a signatory to the Business for Social Responsibility  
(BSR) Guiding Principles on Access to Healthcare, we  
engage broadly across our industry to improve access for 
patients around the world. In 2022, we collaborated as a 
member of BSR’s working group to develop the Access to 
Healthcare Ladder.

Access to treatment in the last mile: As part of Johnson & 
Johnson’s commitment to advancing equitable access to 
medicines, we funded an innovative pilot study by the Infectious 
Diseases Institute in Uganda to assess the impact of medical 
drones in increasing access and improving community disease 
management. The pilot study used a small, unmanned aircraft to 
deliver HIV treatments to the people of the Kalangala islands. As 
a result of this pilot project, researchers were able to quantify the 
effectiveness of medical drones’ HIV drug delivery, which will help 
inform future efforts to scale drone technology to solve other last 
mile delivery challenges in Uganda and elsewhere.

Supporting the patient advocacy community 

Our 2022 HEALTHEVOICES leadership conference convened 
nearly 100 leading online patient advocates for three days of 
learning, sharing and debating on topics such as the impacts 
of culture on health, bridging change in the healthcare space 
and culturally inclusive marketing. This much-awaited event 
was the first in-person conference since before the COVID-19 
pandemic and the eighth annual HEALTHEVOICES conference 
since its inception in 2015. HEALTHEVOICES is designed by and 
for online patient advocates, offering a safe space to deliver 
authentic content on the most pressing issues impacting patients. 
Approximately 50 Johnson & Johnson leaders attended the  
2022 conference, demonstrating our keen commitment to 
understanding patient needs and empowering patient advocates  
to influence how we communicate with and to patients to  
improve patient experience.

The HEALTHEVOICES community reaches a vast digital 
network of more than 800 advocates across nearly 100 health 
conditions with a collective reach of 17 million patients, 
caregivers and healthcare professionals.

Advocating for inclusive access 

The HEALTHEVOICES Diversity, Equity, Accessibility & Inclusion 
(DEAI) Task Force shapes health-equity-focused programming 
for patient advocates and Johnson & Johnson audiences, 
supported by close to 30,000 followers on social media. In 
2022, HEALTHEVOICES, with the support of the DEAI Task 
Force, published an Instagram Live series on transgender 
health, advocacy and allyship; generated educational social 
media campaigns around 12 awareness events throughout the 
year, including Juneteenth, Pride and Hispanic Heritage Month; 
issued public statements in support of the AAPI and LGBTQIA+ 
communities following violence against them in the U.S.; and 
participated in discussions on health equity with Johnson & 
Johnson leaders. Ongoing DEAI Task Force activities such as these 
add vital momentum to driving equitable change in healthcare 
and sustaining trust between patient communities and Johnson & 
Johnson teams, resulting in a stronger patient voice across our broad 
range of healthcare interventions. 

There are few places in my life where I experience the 
diversity of backgrounds that I find at HEALTHEVOICES. 
It’s a great reminder that not everyone with a chronic 
health issue comes from the same ethnic background, 
region of the country, or socio-economic situation. 
Each health condition comes with unique symptoms, 
challenges, and treatments. When everyone chooses to 
embrace the diversity that we inevitably have, we create 
an accepting environment to tackle difficult issues.

Howard Chang
Psoriasis Advocate & former HEALTHEVOICES  
Conference Advisor

11 WHO,  “Medicines/Finished Pharmaceutical Products,” https://extranet.who.int/pqweb/content/prequalified-lists/medicines. 12 A two-dose Ebola vaccine regimen comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and Bavarian Nordic’s  
MVABEA (MVA-BN-Filo). * Figures according to Janssen internal financial accounting.

16

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Learn more    Advancing Public Health

GRI 203-1, 203-2, J&J22-2

For decades, Johnson & Johnson has remained steadfast in our commitment to leadership in public 
health and health equity. Our strategy reflects a long-held belief that creating societal value goes 
hand in hand with generating long-term business value.

Advancing Public Health

We believe strongly in the power of strategic 
partnerships, and we are excited to collaborate to 
advance health equity, enhance patient care and  
provide even greater support to our nurses.

Sam Hazen
Chief Executive Officer, HCA Healthcare

Also, in 2022, we joined several private sector organizations 
in pledging funding and support to end critical diseases and 
strengthen health systems as part of the Global Fund’s Seventh 
Replenishment Conference. Global Fund is an international 
organization established to defeat HIV, TB and malaria and ensure 
a healthier, safer, more equitable future for all. Our new Global 
Fund contribution was in the form of a partnership with the Skoll 
Foundation to jointly provide $25 million as an anchor investment 
in a fund to accelerate the professionalization of community health 
workers. See also section: Frontline Healthcare & Communities. 

We champion health equity through initiatives that maximize 
value for all those we reach through our business in areas where 
we can have the greatest impact. Alongside increasing access to 
medicines, our ambitions to advance public health include:

•  Collaborations to address cross-cutting healthcare issues

•  Advancing global surgery capabilities

•   Developing new solutions to enhance access to quality  

mental healthcare

•  Delivering innovation for better eye health

•   Promoting initiatives to eliminate health inequities for  

people of color

•  Supporting frontline health workers

•  Helping communities in need

Our GPH organization has a mission to develop relevant innovations 
that save lives, cure patients and prevent disease and make them 
available, affordable and accessible for the world’s most 
vulnerable and under-resourced populations. Our Health  
for Humanity 2025 Goals underpin this mission and empower us  
to target our efforts to deliver improved health outcomes. 

Johnson & Johnson convenes collaborations across multiple 
dimensions to advance public health, whether this is to address 
global diseases that have a disproportionate impact or to 
strengthen healthcare systems. For example, in 2022, we joined 
with HCA Healthcare, a leading healthcare provider in the U.S., 
to address key industry issues such as improving health equity, 
enhancing nursing support and improving patient outcomes. 
Specifically, this collaboration encompasses the development  
of a program for early stage lung cancer detection for the  
Black community, initiatives to improve cardiovascular health  
and education, training and other resources to elevate and  
support nurses. 

The family member of a patient of Caraes 
Ndera Neuropsychiatric Hospital stands 
outside her home in Kigali, Rwanda. 
Credit: Will Swanson for Devex.

17

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Global Surgery

Global Surgery

At Johnson & Johnson, through our J&J MedTech business segment, we are helping transform  
the future of medical intervention by tackling some of the world’s most pressing healthcare 
challenges across several surgical fields.

example, we trialed the new surgical instruments at the Freedom 
from Fistula Hospital in Sierra Leone in collaboration with Dr. 
Rachel Pope, Associate Professor, Urology Institute, University 
Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center.

Advances in surgical technology have transformed medical care 
for most high-income countries, yet quality surgical care remains 
largely out of reach for people living in low-income countries. As 
many as 5 billion people13 do not have access to quality surgical 
care—closing this gap is critically important to advance global 
health equity.

Of the 313 million surgical procedures undertaken worldwide 
each year, only 6% occur in the poorest countries, where more 
than a third of the world’s population lives.14

J&J MedTech’s Global Core Capabilities

Ethicon  
surgical technologies, 
including advanced  
digital solutions  
and robotics

Interventional 
Solutions &  
Specialty Surgery  
neurovascular care; heart 
rhythm disorders; ear, nose 
and throat treatment; and 
breast reconstruction 

DePuy Synthes  
orthopaedics, including  
joint reconstruction,  
trauma, spine, sports  
and robotics

Johnson & Johnson 
Vision 
specialist eye healthcare, 
including the most 
advanced intraocular  
and contact lenses

Johnson & Johnson is committed to elevating the standard of 
care in surgery by bringing insights, scale and new technologies 
to meet the needs of more people in communities with limited 
surgical capacity around the world. We deploy our global surgery 

capabilities together with our collaborators and aim to address 
healthcare inequities, expand patient access, improve outcomes 
and reduce health system costs. Our commitment to changing 
the trajectory of surgical care is encompassed in our Health for 
Humanity 2025 Goals, and we have made strong progress so far.

Accelerating access to surgery: At the 75th World Health 
Assembly in May 2022, we launched our Global Surgery Initiative 
with the goal of advancing the entire continuum of surgical 
care—from prevention to treatment to rehabilitation—across 
two significant areas of unmet need, obstetric fistula and long 
bone fracture. We announced the beginning of pilot programs in 
these two areas in Kenya and Malawi, working with government, 
academic and NGOs to strengthen surgical systems. Combining 
the strengths and expertise of Johnson & Johnson with global and 
local collaborators, we aim to accelerate access by streamlining 
supply chains, reducing costs and better equipping surgeons and 
health systems to meet the needs of the patients and communities 
they serve.

8,800 obstetric fistula repair surgeries supported through 
Johnson & Johnson’s suture donation program over two years 
(2021 – 2022)

Improving surgical instruments for obstetric fistula repair 
surgery: Obstetric fistula is a serious childbirth complication that  
is preventable with improved practices and treatable with access 
to surgical care. Johnson & Johnson helps to improve care by 
developing and providing access to improved surgical instruments: 
fistula scissors, bladder sounds and suture/catheter organizers. 
These improvements aim to provide high-quality instrumentation  
to increase patient comfort, maximize surgeon visibility and 
improve safety for both the patient and the surgeon. We work  
with expert collaborators to help train surgeons and frontline health 
workers on the effective use of these instruments. In 2021, for 

In 2022, we progressed to further trials of these instruments in 
Kenya, where more than 1,000 new cases of obstetric fistula are 
recorded each year.15 As part of our ongoing program, we seek 
feedback from surgeons to inform future innovation and help scale 
surgical capacity countrywide to reach even more women suffering 
from obstetric fistula.

Johnson & Johnson was one of the first companies to partner 
with Dr. Catherine Hamlin at the Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital 
in Ethiopia, beginning in the 1980s, with the donation of 
sutures for fistula surgeries.

Elizabeth, a 21-year-old woman from Kenya, received fistula surgery at the Gynocare 
Women’s and Fistula Hospital, the flagship facility of the Fistula Foundation Treatment 
Network in Keyna that Johnson & Johnson supports with donated surgical products. 
Photo Credit: Roshni Lodhia. 

13 The Lancet, “Global Surgery 2030: evidence and solutions for achieving health, welfare, and economic development,” www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(15)60160-X/fulltext, accessed February 2023. 14 Ibid. 15 UNFPA 
Kenya, “Fistula camp tackles COVID-19 related backlog of cases to restore dignity to women,” https://kenya.unfpa.org/en/news/fistula-camp-tackles-covid-19-related-backlog-cases-restore-dignity-women, accessed February 2023.

18

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  HIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Learn more    Global Surgery

Improving access to care for long bone fracture: Left untreated, 
long bone fractures, a crack or break in the tibia or another long 
bone, can result in long-term disability. Johnson & Johnson is 
working in Malawi to help train surgeons with novel tools and 
techniques and strengthen supply chains to improve sustainable 
access to surgical trauma care for people in need. In 2022, 
supported by the Johnson & Johnson Foundation, we launched 
our Long Bone Fracture Pilot Program in Malawi, introducing 
novel devices, strengthening supply chains, training district-level 
providers to complete procedures and elevating operating room 
processes for a better patient and care team experience. Our aim  
is to scale this initiative to other LMICs, building on our experience 
in Malawi.

Participants during the Orthopaedic Clinical Officers training in Dowa 
conduct a practice exercise on a colleague. Photo by Katrin Dörner.

Collaborations to reduce the burden of obstetric fistula: Along 
with the Johnson & Johnson Foundation, we again supported 
obstetric fistula procedures and donated surgical products to the 
Fistula Foundation Treatment Network. Together with Direct Relief, 
we delivered our sutures and new instruments to nine hospitals 
in the Kenya Fistula Treatment Network. Working with these 
improved instruments and supported by training, surgeons were 
able to perform safe obstetric fistula repairs for more than 1,300 
women in Kenya in 2022. 

Between 50,000 and 100,000 women each year suffer 
from obstetric fistula.16

In 2022, we also continued to support ongoing obstetric fistula 
education for surgeons through our nearly 30-year collaboration 
with Mercy Ships, the largest non-governmental fleet of hospital 
ships in the world. Our support has helped hundreds of surgeons 
and operating room specialists receive advanced training by 
collaborating to design essential skills training and provide  
hygiene kits and surgical products.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Reducing Burden 
of Obstetric Fistula
•       In 2022, supported delivery of 5,600 obstetric fistula  

repair surgeries for a cumulative total of 8,800 since the 
beginning of 2021.

•       New surgical instruments piloted in Sierra Leone in  

2021 and expanded to Kenya in 2022 to increase patient 
comfort, maximize surgeon visibility and improve safety  
for the patient and surgeon.

•       Continued support of healthcare workers through  

Fistula Foundation.

Delivery of products, implants and instrument sets at Queen Elizabeth Hospital 
in Malawi. Photo by Precious Kamange.

16 WHO, “Obstetric fistula,” https://www.who.int/news-room/facts-in-pictures/detail/10-facts-on-obstetric-fistula, accessed February 2023.

19

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  View ScorecardHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Mental Healthcare

Mental Healthcare

Mental illness continues to be one of the greatest unmet needs in healthcare. This was intensified by 
the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, protracted conflict and growing social inequities around the  
world threaten to further exacerbate mental healthcare hardships while challenging the availability  
of resources to address them.

Nowhere is this truer than for vulnerable communities in several 
parts of the world; more than 80% of all people with mental 
disorders live in LMICs,17 and many receive no care at all due to a 
lack of treatment options, few trained mental health workers and 
associated stigma, among other reasons. 

Levels of public expenditure on mental health are low (global 
median of 2.1% of government health expenditure) and 
particularly meager in LMICs.18

Over the last half century, we have developed several innovative 
treatments for conditions impacting the brain and central nervous 
system. Building on this legacy, we have expanded access to 
mental healthcare through innovation, research and programs that 
empower frontline health workers to better manage mental illness.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Access to 
Schizophrenia Treatment 
•       The CASPAR study assessing the treatment of schizophrenia 

with paliperidone palmitate LAI in Rwandan healthcare 
settings achieved 100% patients screened and nearly 50%  
of patients moved to treatment phase.

•       Clinical research trainings for site investigators in  

Rwanda ongoing.

Improving access to quality mental healthcare in Rwanda: Our 
five-year collaboration with the Rwanda Ministry of Health, starting 
in 2017, achieved major progress in creating a framework for  
quality, accessible mental healthcare in the country, including:

•   supporting the training of more than 50,000 community health 

workers and general practitioner nurses on the signs and 
symptoms of mental illness, including through a unique,  
phone-based training program;

•   conducting the first National Mental Health Survey in Rwanda, 
one of the most extensive nationwide surveys completed in  
sub-Saharan Africa to date, which was published in 2022 in 
the open access, peer-reviewed BMC Public Health Journal; and 

•   making available second-generation antipsychotics, including  

oral risperidone and paliperidone palmitate long-acting 
injectables (PPLAI) (through our clinical study).

Evaluating treatment in real-world healthcare settings: In 
2022, we continued our Clinical Study to Assess the Treatment of 
Schizophrenia With Paliperidone Palmitate in Rwandan Healthcare 
Settings (CASPAR), designed to assess the impact of PPLAI in 
patients with schizophrenia in real-world healthcare settings. By 
the end of 2022, 100% of patients were screened and nearly 50% 
of patients moved to the treatment phase. The study also includes 
clinical research training for the local principal investigators at the 
five study sites in Rwanda, as well as site visits from the Johnson 
& Johnson research team. CASPAR represents an important step 
forward in generating evidence that could inform adoption of 
PPLAI as a treatment option for schizophrenia. 

The CASPAR study team, representing 
Johnson & Johnson, tours the 
laboratories at the University Teaching 
Hospital of Butare, one of the 
participating sites in the CASPAR Study. 
Photo by Carla Decotelli-Mendes.

17 WHO, “World mental health report: Transforming mental health for all,” https://www.who.int/publications/i/item/9789240049338, accessed February 2023. 18 WHO, “Mental Health Atlas 2020,” https://www.who.int/publications/i/
item/9789240036703, accessed February 2023.

20

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  View ScorecardGlobal SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Vision

Vision

According to the World Health Organization, sight is the most dominant of the five senses and plays 
a crucial role in every facet of our lives. But unmet needs in eye health continue to affect people the 
world over and especially the most vulnerable and under-resourced populations. 

Worldwide, more than 2.2 billion people are visually impaired,  
and more than 1 billion are forced to live with preventable or 
treatable conditions because they cannot get the care they need.19 
At Johnson & Johnson Vision, part of J&J MedTech, we have a 
bold ambition to change the trajectory of eye health worldwide. 
We deliver innovation that enables eye care professionals to 
create better outcomes for patients throughout their lives, and we 
collaborate to expand access to quality eye care in communities  
with the greatest need. 

Very few things are as important as the ability to 
see the world around us, and we know that healthy 
sight is a lifelong journey. That’s why, at Johnson & 
Johnson Vision, we are working to meet patient needs 
throughout their lives and in the areas where we can 
have the greatest impact. From delivering innovation to 
treat childhood myopia to leveraging our cutting-edge 
science to bring forward the best solutions in eye care 
and surgery. What we do at every stage aims to help 
support eye care professionals worldwide and enable 
millions of patients to see better.

Peter Menziuso
Company Group Chairman,  
Johnson & Johnson Vision

Improving vision in a digital world: With adults spending 35% 
more time on digital devices in a post-pandemic world—13 or 
more hours per day according to estimates20—the strain on eye 
health is noticeable. With eyes locked on a screen for long periods, 
people blink less; this has a destabilizing effect on the tear film, 
causing dryness and discomfort. Following feedback from eye care 
professionals and patients we’ve worked to help meet the needs of 
digitally intensive lifestyles through increased education and the 
launch of a new contact lens ACUVUE OASYS MAX 1-DAY to help 
reduce light scatter and block UVA and UVB rays.

Cataracts are one of the leading causes of preventable blindness 
worldwide, impacting almost 100 million people globally.21

Seeing better in low-light conditions: Presbyopia, in simple 
terms, is an age-related condition that reduces the ability of near 
vision, projected to affect 2.1 billion people globally in 2030.22 
To provide relief for the many people whose quality of life is 
reduced by presbyopia, Johnson & Johnson Vision introduced our 
next-generation presbyopia-correcting intraocular lens (PC-IOL) 
TECNIS SYMFONY OPTIBLUE IOL in the U.S. and select countries 
in EMEA in 2022. Using this high-performance technology, eye 
care professionals can offer patients a full range of high-quality 
continuous vision in all lighting conditions.

Half of the world’s population is projected to be myopic  
by 2050 with nearly one billion people expected to have  
high myopia.23

Advancing eye health digital innovation in Asia Pacific: In 
2022, Johnson & Johnson Vision signed a Memorandum of 
Understanding with the Agency for Science, Technology and 
Research (A*STAR) to jointly establish an Eye Health Digital 
Innovation Consortium in Singapore. Hosted at A*STAR’s Institute 
of High Performance Computing, the consortium focuses on 
advancing eye health research in the Asia Pacific region. A joint 
investment of SGD 15 million from both organizations will be 
channeled into the consortium over the course of three years.  
As the first of its kind in the region, the consortium will initially 
focus on the following:

•   improving eye healthcare delivery from eye care professionals  

to patients in Singapore and beyond;

•   optimizing collaboration between the private and public sector  

to enhance eye healthcare delivery; and 

•   developing new technological processes to support enterprises 

that are directly involved in primary eye healthcare delivery.

The prevalence of distance vision impairment in low- and 
middle-income regions is estimated to be four times higher  
than in high-income regions.24

There is a high prevalence of eye disorders among 
Singapore’s population, and this is a cause for concern. 
Open innovation and public-private partnerships will 
pave the way for us to leverage strengths from different 
parties and develop solutions to address this complex 
healthcare challenge. 

Professor Tan Sze Wee
Assistant Chief Executive, Enterprise, A*STAR

19 WHO, “World report on vision,” https://www.who.int/publications/i/item/9789241516570, accessed February 2023. 20 COVID-19: Screen Time spikes to more than 13 hours per day according to Eyesafe Nielsen estimates, published 3/28/20, https://
eyesafe.com/covid-19-screen-time-spike-to-over-13-hours-per-day, accessed February 2023. 21 WHO, “Blindness and vision impairment,” https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/blindness-andvisual-impairment, accessed February 2023. 
22 Grzybowski, A and Ruamviboonsuk, V, “Pharmacological Treatment in Presbyopia,” J. Clin. Med. 2022, 11(5), 1385, https://doi.org/10.3390/jcm11051385, accessed February 2023. 23 WHO, “World report on vision,” https://www.who.int/publications/i/
item/9789241516570, accessed February 2023. 24 WHO, “Blindness and vision impairment,” https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/blindness-andvisual-impairment, accessed February 2023.

21

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Vision

Slowing myopia progression in children: Myopia, sometimes 
called nearsightedness, is a chronic and progressive disease that 
can lead to sight-threatening complications over time. Children 
under 12 who are diagnosed with myopia are at a greater risk of 
developing high myopia in later life. Among the first in the industry 
to recognize the importance of myopia management, following 
decades of research to develop scientifically proven solutions, 
Johnson & Johnson Vision launched ACUVUE ABILITI to address 
the prevalence and progression of myopia in children. ABILITI is 
designed to fit seamlessly into the lifestyle of parents and children.

In 2022, we launched ABILITI 1-DAY and ABILITI OVERNIGHT 
in Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore. We also received FDA 
approval of lens parameter expansion for ABILITI OVERNIGHT to 
extend the reach for patients in the U.S. With these developments, 
more patients in more parts of the world can now enjoy better 
vision throughout their lifetimes.

Bringing critical eye care to children: Sight for Kids (SFK) was 
founded in 2002 by Johnson & Johnson Vision and Lions Clubs 
International Foundation and has administered free, volunteer-
directed vision screenings to more than 42 million children in five 
countries, including India, Kenya, the Philippines, Thailand and the 
U.S. Today, as SFK celebrates 20 years of bringing critical eye care 
to children in under-resourced communities, it is the largest-known 
program of its kind in the world. 

In 2022, in the U.S., SFK expanded beyond the South Florida region 
to a second location by teaming up with the Louisiana Lions Eye 
Foundation to provide free statewide eye care to Louisiana’s youth. 
A vision screening event and tours of the mobile screening unit 
marked this new activity.

Two students in Nairobi, Kenya are on a path to a brighter future thanks to vision 
screenings by Sight for Kids. Photo by Lions Club International Foundation.

Healthy sight is critical to a child’s academic 
performance, self-esteem and overall well-being.  
By helping their vision through Sight For Kids, we can 
make a meaningful impact now that will carry into the 
future, from their studies to their career.

Dr. Freddy T. Simon
Ophthalmologist, Kerala, India

Prioritizing eyes in South America: Johnson & Johnson Vision 
led a meaningful campaign in 2022 to advance access to eye care 
for people living in remote areas of several countries, including  
Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. We led awareness 
campaigns using different media channels to raise awareness and 
worked closely with nonprofits throughout the region to encourage 
people to show up for eye tests and receive any necessary treatment. 

 10,000
people reached

 20,000+
eye examinations

 2,000+

eye surgeries

Celebrating World Sight Day 2022: Johnson & Johnson Vision 
selected World Sight Day to share its Vision for Good 2021 Impact 
Review, with additional examples of how we are helping change 
the trajectory of eye health while operating in an environmentally 
sustainable manner.

   Learn more about social responsibility at  
Johnson & Johnson Vision.

22

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Our Race to Health Equity

At the heart of Johnson & Johnson’s commitment to health equity is our desire to create a world 
where the color of your skin does not determine your access to care, quality of care or health 
outcomes. Launched in 2020, Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) is our $100 million, enterprise-
wide initiative focused on closing the racial health gap in the U.S.

Our Race to Health Equity

The Johnson & Johnson ORTHE initiative focuses on eradicating racial 
and social injustice as a public health threat by eliminating health 
inequities for people of color in the U.S. We are committed to closing 
the racial health gap by investing in culturally competent community 
care models that create healthy outcomes for people of color. 

By the end of 2022, we had committed more than $52 million to 
advance ORTHE programs in the following areas:

Community 
Health Capacity 
Building
Expanding access to 
affordable, community-
centric care through  
investments in 
community health  
centers, community 
health workers  
and other care model 
innovations.

Community 
Engagement  
and Education
Empowering patients 
and end users with 
tools, resources and 
community-based 
services to “own” their 
health and increase 
health literacy.

Inclusive 
Research and 
Representative 
Clinical Trials
Increasing access to 
clinical trials through 
diverse site selection 
and patient recruitment, 
as well as incorporating 
equity into end-to-end 
therapy and device 
design.

Culturally  
Competent Care
Increasing the racial and 
ethnic diversity of the 
healthcare talent pipeline 
and workforce and 
promoting an equitable 
point of care experience  
for BIPOC patients.

People of color in the U.S. face higher incidences of, and  
death rates from, conditions such as heart disease, stroke, 
cancer, diabetes and COVID-19.25

Community health capacity building

Three programs helped to expand access to affordable, community 
centric care.  

Community health workers in Alabama, Mississippi, North Carolina, 
South Carolina and Tennessee benefited from a health worker 
network collaborative grant that we contributed to establishing 
alongside management skills training of executive directors and 
leaders of community-based healthcare organizations. Working 
in partnership with many organizations, we aim to help build trust 
between under-resourced communities and health systems, backed 
by our commitment to supporting 200,000 HCPs and researchers  
by 2025.

By the end of 2022, 307,000 U.S. HCPs and researchers  
were provided development and support to help create  
more equitable healthcare systems.

GRI 203-1, 203-2 

In 2022, Johnson & Johnson awarded the winners of its Health 
Equity Innovation Challenge, designed to empower communities 
and accelerate solutions by stimulating innovation, entrepreneurship 
and social impact. The Challenge called on local entrepreneurs 
in Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, New Orleans, New York and 
Philadelphia to deliver locally inspired, innovative approaches to 
advance health equity. Engaging credible community leaders who 
understood local health challenges, the independent selection 
committee chose 14 winners from more than 180 applicants. The 
winners included community organizations that provide services, 
including free healthcare to under-resourced neighborhoods; 
improving birth and maternal health outcomes for Black families; 
and providing youth, educators and communities with programs 
designed to support mental wellness and equity. Each winner 
was awarded seed funding from a pool of more than $1 million, 
along with mentorship from renowned entrepreneurs and public 
health experts and access to the JLABS ecosystem. Following the 
Challenge, many of these organizations have continued to positively 
impact their communities and are actively expanding. 

Community engagement and education

Three innovative programs continued under the ORTHE umbrella, 
helping people be more informed about options to prioritize 
healthcare and treatment. My Health Can’t Wait is an educational 
effort and resource hub created by J&J MedTech to inspire people 
to get the information they need to pursue care with confidence, 
especially after the experience of the COVID-19 pandemic that 
caused many Americans to delay healthcare treatment.  

We also launched a new initiative to support climate resilience at 
community healthcare clinics in the U.S. that serve people with 
limited access to care in communities most vulnerable to the impacts 
of climate change. Through a collaboration with Americares and 
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health’s Center for Climate, 
Health, and the Global Environment (Harvard Chan C-CHANGE), 
we aim to bolster operational resilience in clinics, as well as the 
resilience of healthcare workers, to help inimize disruptions in 
healthcare caused by extreme weather events. The goal is to support 
100 medical clinics across the U.S. by 2025. 

Through J&J MedTech’s Signature Equity Program, we are 
identifying communities across the U.S. where we can help deliver 
the most impact, forming partnerships with community-based 
organizations and offering Johnson & Johnson resources and 
expertise to help meet community healthcare needs. In 2022, J&J 
MedTech and Janssen helped provide free health education and 
access to health screenings to thousands of community members 
at events in Atlanta; Chicago; Columbia, South Carolina; and Los 
Angeles, and the plan is to expand to other populations around the 
world in 2023.

25 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Minority Health, “Profile: Black/African Americans,” https://www.minorityhealth.hhs.gov/omh/browse.aspx?lvl=3&lvlid=61, accessed February 2023.

23

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Our Race to Health Equity

Save Legs, Change Lives is a multiyear initiative by Janssen to 
address the hidden threat of peripheral artery disease (PAD)-
related amputation. Black Americans with PAD have up to four 
times higher risk of amputation than white Americans.26 Janssen 
collaborated with leading professional associations, including the 
American College of Cardiology, as well as healthcare systems 
and community organizations to raise awareness of PAD-related 
issues and facilitate equitable access to treatment. Through 2022, 
Janssen continued to share PAD information widely, implemented 
thousands of free screenings and advanced research to help 
overcome PAD-related health inequities. 

Johnson & Johnson Vision was the first major eye health 
company to sign The 13% Promise, an initiative created by 
nonprofit Black EyeCare Perspective to increase equity and 
representation in optometry to mirror the 13% of Black people  
in the U.S. population.

Culturally competent care

In line with our goal to promote better care for people of color by 
addressing unconscious bias in healthcare, we co-launched a cross-
sector partnership initiative, Unconscious Bias and Disparities in 
Healthcare: A Call to Action, with a Continuing Medical Education 
program at its core. The program targets HCPs in communities of 
color and assists them to enact changes in their daily practice to 
improve patient care and outcomes. Additionally, we maintained 
our sponsorship of the Alliance for Inclusion in Medicine Scholarship 
Program, a scholarship and mentorship commitment launched in 
2021 with National Medical Fellowships (NMF) and the Alliance for 
Inclusion in Medicine (AIM). Between 2021 and 2022, we welcomed 
two cohorts of underrepresented medical students—40 in total— 
to the program and have committed over $2 million in scholarship 
funding across both cohorts. With support from Johnson & Johnson, 
NMF welcomed an inaugural cohort of 20 underrepresented  
medical students and selected a second cohort of second- and  
third-year medical school scholars. AIM scholars were paired with  
a Johnson & Johnson mentor to provide guidance and insight  
as these young scholars embark on their medical career journey. 

Additionally, in 2022, we expanded our pioneering Climate and 
Health Equity Fellowship, which was created with the Medical 
Society Consortium on Climate and Health and the National 
Medical Association to support physicians of color to become 
leaders in climate and health equity education, advocacy and 
policy solutions. Our increased contribution for the second class of 
Fellows supported 15 physicians from across the U.S., representing 
diverse specialties, advocacy experiences, cultural backgrounds 
and interests in climate and health, enhancing their leadership 
capabilities as medical professionals in caring for patients and for 
our planet. 

Inclusive research and representative  
clinical trials

We advance multiple initiatives to enhance the diversity of 
healthcare across several dimensions that include Johnson & 
Johnson R&D and outreach to community representatives and 
advocates. One example is Research Includes Me, an initiative of 
Janssen that is a community-focused campaign designed to create 
awareness and engagement within Black and Brown communities 
to elevate the discussion around clinical trials. The campaign helps 
build trust-based relationships with communities to provide clinical 
trial information and hosts an educational website to provide 
underrepresented patients with greater access to information and 
resources about clinical trial research. 

   Learn more about Our Race to Health Equity.

26 National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, “Facts About Peripheral Artery Disease (for P.A.D.) for African Americans,” https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/files/docs/public/heart/pad_
extfactsheet_aa_508.pdf, accessed February 2023.

24

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Watch video Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Frontline Healthcare & Communities

In line with our commitment to advancing public health, we invest extensively in raising the quality 
of health and well-being in the communities in which we live and work.

Johnson & Johnson’s Global Community Impact (GCI) organization 
—with funding from Johnson & Johnson Foundation, the Corporation 
and operating companies across the Johnson & Johnson Family of 
Companies—drives our community-giving initiatives around the 
world. Aligned with our ESG strategy, and our Health for Humanity 
2025 Goals, as well as driving our ORTHE initiative, GCI specifically 
advances initiatives at the front line of healthcare with an ambitious 
public goal.

Frontline Healthcare & Communities

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Supporting Frontline 
Health Workers (by 2030)
•       Reached more than 570,000 nurses, midwives and  
community health workers in 2022, supporting over  
1,300,000 frontline health workers in cumulative total.

Supporting frontline health workers

We believe that if we solve the challenges facing frontline  
health workers, we will improve healthcare for everyone. The 
Johnson & Johnson Center for Health Worker Innovation (“the 
Center”), established in 2019, is tasked with guiding our $250 
million commitment to support frontline health workers, with a  
goal of supporting one million nurses, midwives and community 
health workers by 2030. Although we exceeded our one million 
goal in 2022, well in advance of our plan, we continue the work  
of the Center to provide critically needed support for community  
health workers. 

In 2022, the Center advanced several initiatives, including:

Supporting community health workers across Africa: A 
professionalized workforce of community health workers,  
who engage daily with communities, is key to responding to 
disease outbreaks and making gains on longstanding global  
health priorities, including universal health coverage. The Africa 
Frontline First Catalytic Fund (AFF-CF) was launched in 2022 to 
support community health workers in 10 African countries with a 
$15 million commitment by the Johnson & Johnson Foundation 
and a $10 million commitment by the Skoll Foundation. These 
investments will be matched by The Global Fund to fight AIDS, TB 
and malaria. The AFF-CF will help accelerate progress and improve 
healthcare delivered at the community level, as well as ensure the 
women, who make up the large proportion of community health 
workers, are properly paid for their work. The Fund aims to triple 
the number of salaried community health workers in sub-Saharan 
Africa, expanding coverage to 100 million people by 2030.

Health workers are the cornerstone of care. By training, 
empowering and integrating community health 
workers into existing health systems, it’s possible to 
extend care and reduce the burden of disease for 
millions of people. Our investment in the African 
Frontline First Catalytic Fund builds on more than 
125 years of supporting health workers, especially in 
resource-limited settings.

Lauren Moore
Vice President, Global Community Impact,  
Johnson & Johnson

GRI J&J22-10, GRI 413-1

Strengthening community-based health systems: The Center 
helped establish a Community Health Worker Think Tank, led by 
South Africa’s National Department of Health, to address critical 
gaps facing community health worker policy implementation 
and community-level service delivery. In Nigeria, the Center 
collaborated widely internally and externally to help create a 
roadmap of partnership opportunities to strengthen the nursing 
and midwifery workforce in Nigeria with an emphasis on mental 
health, oncology, and maternal and newborn health. Also, the 
Center launched Basecamp for Health System Transformation with 
the School of System Change, a pilot program to nurture system 
change practitioners to build community health system capacity 
across Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.

Harnessing the power of data: To support frontline health workers 
in making trusted, data-driven decisions, the Center supported 
several thousand hours of pro bono data science services in 
sub-Saharan Africa and leveraged data sets of millions of health 
encounters generated by more than 4,000 community health 
workers to improve data quality and inform best practices. The 
Center is collaborating with DataKind and community-based 
organizations to champion data collection practices that will enable 
health systems stakeholders to make healthcare delivery decisions 
backed by trusted data.  

Helping health workers manage stress: To support health workers 
in managing stress, exacerbated during the COVID-19 pandemic, 
The Resilience Collaborative, the Center’s global learning 
community launched in 2021, grew to more than 600 members in 
2022. Open-source resources, now including Spanish, Portuguese 
and Hindi translations, are being accessed by more than 300 
organizations in 38 countries and assisting in raising awareness 
about ways to implement and evaluate evidence-based programs 
for improved health worker resilience and well-being.

25

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  View ScorecardGlobal SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Frontline Healthcare & Communities

Supporting supply chain training for health workers in Africa: 
Johnson & Johnson provided funding to Empower School of Health 
to develop a free, online supply chain training curriculum that aims 
to help frontline health workers understand their role in the supply 
chain and delivery of essential medicines and treatments. Empower 
School of Health delivered this training with the East, Central 
and Southern African College of Nursing and the Ecumenical 
Pharmaceutical Network. After a successful pilot in Botswana and 
Kenya in 2022, the curriculum is currently being rolled out in three 
additional countries in 2023: Nigeria, Rwanda and South Africa.

Enhancing HCP education around the world: J&J MedTech 
partnered with Advances in Surgery and other industry associations 
to provide more than 1 million HCPs with online webinars across 
a range of topics and specialties. For example, a DEI series of 
12 webinars was dedicated to discussing workplace challenges 
and best practices, and a Resilient Resident Series of 14 webinars 
targeted leading surgeons in their early career. Overall, the suite of 
webinar series attracted more HCPs in 147 countries across more 
than 70 events.

Ethicon reignited its partnership 
with the Society of Black Academic 
Surgeons by expanding the Diverse 
Surgeons Initiative (DSI), a program 
focused on equipping promising 
minority surgical residents for 
fellowship attainment and faculty 
appointment. The DSI supported 
clinical and technical training and 
mentorship for 14 surgical residents 
and will continue into 2023 to help 
them realize their potential as future 
surgical fellows and faculty leaders. 
Of DSI participants from prior cohorts, 
87% completed subspecialty fellowships and 41% obtained faculty 
positions following the next five years of their careers.

Wilson M. Aloubia, M.D., MSc., 
and LaDonna Kearse, M.D., 
practice their laparoscopic skills 
in a surgical training lab during 
Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0.

Championing nurses 

Johnson & Johnson has proudly championed the nursing 
profession for more than a century. With innovative mindsets, 
invaluable insights and hands-on experience, nurses make 

healthcare systems work: When we work together to support 
nurses, we are advancing better healthcare for all. Our goal is to 
work with like-minded partners to attract and strengthen a thriving, 
innovative and diverse nursing workforce, empowered to advance 
health equity and transform healthcare. We support and empower 
nurses through advocacy, scholarships, clinical and leadership 
education, events that teach and hone healthcare innovation skill 
sets, mental health resources and more. 

Our work includes advocating for the fundamental value of 
the nursing profession, catalyzing a workplace culture and 
environment where nurses can thrive and strengthening diversity 
in nursing. We bring greater awareness to the extraordinary impact 
that nurses have in healthcare through key activities and programs, 
including TV and social media advertising, storytelling on our “See 
You Now” podcast and through Notes on Nursing. We are working 
to spark interest in the profession among diverse, prospective 
nursing students through a new series called The Future of Nursing 
is Me. 

We also support events like NurseHack4Health that support 
nurse-led innovation in healthcare. Working in collaboration with 
SONSIEL and Microsoft, we launched our first Pitch-A-Thon to 
elevate and foster nurse-led ideas for redesigning a healthy work 
environment where the workforce can thrive. Nearly 40 nurse-led, 
interdisciplinary health systems applied to the Pitch-A-Thon, and 10 
were selected as finalists. Representing the transformative power 
of nurse-led innovation, three teams were awarded $260,000 in 
grant funding to bring their solutions to life. 

Accelerating health equity entrepreneurship

Johnson & Johnson Impact Ventures (JJIV) is a $50 million impact 
fund within the Johnson & Johnson Foundation that invests in 
healthcare companies and entrepreneurs with innovative business 
models to improve health equity and access to affordable and 
quality care for under-resourced patients around the world. Financial 
returns from portfolio companies are reinvested, enabling further 
expansion of the fund’s impact. JJIV also leverages Johnson & 
Johnson’s network of experience and expertise in healthcare to 
provide resources, support and guidance to its portfolio companies. 

Working with the JJIV team has allowed us to improve 
our thoughtfulness of how we create a business where 
impact outcomes are inextricably linked … the bigger 
we are as a business, the more impact we achieve.

Farouk Meralli
Founder and CEO of SwipeRx

Progress was made in 2022, with new investments and 
approximately half of the $50 million fund having now been 
committed to companies across five continents. Since joining the 
portfolio, these companies have reached 2.8 million patients directly 
and supported more than 61,000 HCPs.

Supporting the field: Fueled by the belief in the potential of 
market-based solutions to address health equity issues, JJIV 
provided funding to early stage health impact entrepreneurs 
to develop their ideas through various external partnerships 
and programs. JJIV also provided funding for Rock Health’s 
Equitable Investments Initiative to further research and publish a 
call-to-action report for greater investment in underrepresented 
entrepreneurs in the U.S. Additionally, JJIV helped fund the 
development of IRIS+, an investment tool from the Global Impact 
Investing Network to assist investors to identify and support 
enterprises combating racial health disparities.

2022 was a milestone year for JJIV, with a first return on 
investment from Patients Know Best, a personal health record 
company that is helping to give patients control of their own 
medical information.

26

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Our giving

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, 
Johnson & Johnson is an essential part of the fabric of society 
in communities around the globe. We care deeply about the 
well-being of our communities, and we use our reach and share 
our resources with communities around the world, through 
collaborations and partnerships, to forge a healthier, more 
equitable future for all. 

Our Giving (Millions)*

Scroll over chart for more information

Frontline Healthcare & Communities

Products contributed

Cash contributed

* This chart includes Enterprise giving, including disaster relief, and the value 
of products donated by Janssen to JJPAF. The significant increase in our 
giving was attributed to product donations to JJPAF.

Our community giving can be categorized into three channels:

Foundation: The Johnson & Johnson Foundation is a registered 
charitable organization that is funded solely by the Johnson & 
Johnson Family of Companies. The Foundation operates worldwide 
as Johnson & Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) 
and Johnson & Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007). 
These independent entities support region-specific and global 
partnerships and initiatives, employee volunteering and disaster 
response activities. Specific initiatives supported by the Foundation 
mentioned in this Report include the Center for Health Worker 
Innovation and Johnson & Johnson Impact Ventures.

Enterprise: Across Johnson & Johnson, both at the Enterprise level 
and through our operating companies in more than 60 countries of 
the world, we donate funds and products to regional or local causes 
aligned with Our Credo, Our Purpose and specific needs in local 
communities, including disaster relief. These donations are at the 
discretion of local Johnson & Johnson leaders and globally amount 
to hundreds of millions of dollars each year.

Patient Assistance: In the U.S., we support independent initiatives 
by donating medicines and funding to the Johnson & Johnson 
Patient Assistance Foundation, Inc. (JJPAF), an independent 
nonprofit that helps eligible patients without insurance coverage 
receive prescription products donated by Johnson & Johnson 
operating companies.

Disaster preparedness & relief

We continue to work with trusted partners, including Americares, 
Heart to Heart International, the Catholic Medical Mission Board, 
MAP International, MedShare and International Health Partners, 
on the front lines of care by coordinating product donations and 
supporting programs that help communities recover, rebuild and 
become resilient. In the immediate aftermath of major disasters, we 
provide essential Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health 
products, as well as monetary donations and other support. 

$23.20 million
The value of Johnson 
& Johnson products 
provided to communities 
impacted by natural 
disasters around the 
world in 2022.

$10.35 million
Funding provided for 
the readiness and 
immediate, mid- and 
long-term response to 
natural disasters in 2022.

In 2022, building on a 15-year collaboration, Johnson & Johnson 
and International Health Partners (IHP) debuted a shared global 
donation platform that harnesses best practices and scale to help 
communities in crisis recover, rebuild and regain resilience after 
disasters. The technology behind this unified global system for 
product donation will be extended to all Johnson & Johnson’s and 

IHP’s approved product donations partners. By offering increased 
visibility and alignment, as well as a streamlined, automated 
approvals system, this innovative technology is improving the 
speed of product donations across geographies.

Examples of our support for communities struck by disaster or 
humanitarian crises in 2022 include:

•   War in Ukraine: We contributed more than $32 million overall to 

relief efforts, including cash and product donations in compliance 
with current international sanctions. Our donations included both 
humanitarian support for refugees with a combined $10 million to 
the International Rescue Committee and International Federation 
of Red Cross and Red Crescent, as well as products valued at 
more than $22 million, including medical devices, essential 
medicines and consumer health products such as first-aid and 
feminine-hygiene products.

•   Hurricanes Fiona and 

Ian: We partnered with 
Americares and Gulf Coast 
Community Foundation 
to address immediate 
needs and restore health 
services in areas affected 
by Hurricane Ian in central 
Florida and Hurricane Fiona 
in Puerto Rico.

Heart to Heart International’s disaster response 
team provided free healthcare services in 2022.

•   Volcano in Tonga: We worked with UNICEF to address the 
needs of children and caregivers, following the eruption of 
the underwater volcano Hunga Tonga Hunga Ha’apai, which 
blanketed the majority of Tonga with volcanic ash, affecting nearly 
80% of Tonga’s population and displacing more than 1,525 people, 
including more than 500 children.

•   Flooding in Kentucky: We joined with Americares in the 

aftermath of the devastating flooding that struck southeastern 
Kentucky to help restore health services at three clinics and 
support people displaced from their homes.

•   Earthquake in Indonesia: Following the earthquake that struck 
West Java, Indonesia, displacing more than 100,000 people, we 
provided, together with Project Hope, 10 community-managed 
latrines with water tanks in two villages offering access to clean 
water and sanitation facilities.

27

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation 2020$2,5672021$2,7382022$4,292Pandemics & Epidemics

Pandemics & Epidemics

GRI 203-1, 203-2, SASB HC-BP-240a.1 

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3 urges us all to work toward ensuring healthy 
lives and promoting well-being for all ages, with a specific target to end epidemics, including HIV, 
tuberculosis and neglected tropical diseases by 2030. Vaccine protection against, and treatments 
for, pandemic and epidemic diseases are critical to achieving this goal worldwide.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Providing access to and progressing the development of effective 
treatments and vaccines to combat some of the world’s deadliest 
diseases has long been a global public health priority for Johnson & 
Johnson and an important part of our global health equity strategy. 
We have amassed more than a century of experience in advancing 
novel treatment regimens and vaccines and facilitating access to 
address multiple diseases, including HIV, TB, COVID-19, Ebola and 
dengue, as well as addressing the growing threat of AMR.

For all of us at Johnson & Johnson, Our Credo inspires 
us to be “responsible to the communities in which we live 
and work and to the world community as well.” This is a 
core tenet of our approach to global health security, as 
we aim to stop the spread of life-threatening diseases 
that have the potential to wipe out entire communities if 
left unchecked. We have never been more determined 
to advance our plans to safeguard people against the 
threat of pandemics and epidemics.

Vanessa Broadhurst
Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs, 
Johnson & Johnson

Our approach envisions creating a robust health ecosystem to advance 
the availability and affordability of needed medicines and vaccines 
and facilitating access for all, including the world’s most vulnerable 
populations. Efficacious management of vaccine administration, 
especially to combat urgent outbreaks of disease such as Ebola,  

can have a transformational impact on public health. Expanding the use 
of our vaccination monitoring platform (VXNAID), one of our Health 
for Humanity 2025 Goals, is a crucial step in advancing large-scale 
immunization to protect people and save lives around the world.

Enabling access to our vaccination  
monitoring platform

We developed VXNAID, a vaccine-agnostic digital platform 
that supports adherent vaccine administration in the framework 
of clinical studies or campaigns. VXNAID is a digital tool that 
integrates innovative technologies to improve patient tracing, 
data management and communication to implement impactful 
vaccination campaigns in resource-limited settings. 

Between 2019 and 2021, the platform was deployed in a large-scale 
Ebola vaccination campaign—called UMURINZI—in collaboration 
with the Government of Rwanda. UMURINZI was the first large 
use case of the platform and fully vaccinated more than 203,000 
Rwandans against Ebola with the Johnson & Johnson Ebola 
vaccine regimen, comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and 
Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA-BN-Filo).

In 2022, VXNAID was optimized based on the UMURINZI campaign 
and the second-generation platform shared as an open-source 
code, enabling global and open access to the platform for any 
vaccination program.

In 2022, VXNAID was granted Digital Public Good designation 
by the Digital Public Goods Alliance and has been added to the 
Digital Public Goods registry. 

Progress in Global Access Plans
•       Continued evaluation and development of access plans  

for relevant pipeline assets, including for dengue.

•       Specific internal milestones set for 2022 progress  

were achieved.

Progress in Preventive Viral 
Vaccine Capabilities
•       Demonstrated supply capabilities and access pathways 
for the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine, including 
shipping  268 million COVID-19 vaccines in 2022.

•       Captured processes internally for future documentation  

in playbook.

•       Internal and external pandemic preparedness activities 

continue across several potential threats.

Progress in Vaccination 
Monitoring Platform
•       Platform implemented in 2021 in the WHO Solidarity Trial 
Vaccines for COVID-19 vaccines and continued in 2022, 
including expansion to new countries.

•       Achieved external endorsement with the designation as a 
“Digital Public Good (DPG)” by the Digital Public Goods 
Alliance and addition to the Digital Public Goods registry.

•       Optimized platform and shared as an open-source code, 

enabling global/open access to the platform for any 
vaccination program.

•       Completed registered trademark filing of the platform  

name: VXNAID.

28

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  View ScorecardLearn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthHealthcare Innovation Pandemics & Epidemics

In 2021, VXNAID was adopted by the WHO for use in its Solidarity 
Trial Vaccines (STV), an international, multi-vaccine clinical trial to 
evaluate the efficacy and safety of COVID-19 vaccines. The use of 
the platform in the STV program was acknowledged by the WHO 
in a public statement.27 In 2022, VXNAID was further deployed in 
the STV program and expanded to other countries.

VXNAID has been shared as an open-source code, enabling 
global and open access for any vaccination program. 

   To learn more about VXNAID in practice: 

Investing in research where it is needed most

Johnson & Johnson is committed to addressing the dual gap in 
innovation and health equity through the establishment of the 
J&J Centers for Global Health Discovery. In joining forces with 
academic institutions, leveraging regional networks and growing 
in scope, the Centers provide long-term opportunities to support 
talent in the discovery sciences and hopefully speed up the 
discovery of novel mechanisms to tackle expanding and emerging 
challenges in global health.

It is critical that we invest in locally led innovation 
to advance breakthrough science globally. The J&J 
Centers for Global Health Discovery are the latest 
chapter in our efforts to advance solutions for growing 
health threats in the areas where the research is 
needed most.

William N. Hait, M.D., Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation  
and Medical Officer, Johnson & Johnson

Following the inaugural J&J Satellite Center for Global Health 
Discovery launch in 2021 at the London School of Hygiene & 
Tropical Medicine, aimed at developing the next generation of  
drug regimens needed to treat all forms of TB, we opened two 
more Satellite Centers in 2022:

South Africa: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery 
at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) Centre, 
University of Cape Town, focuses on outpacing the rising threat  
of AMR. 

Singapore: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at 
Duke-NUS in Singapore focuses on catalyzing investment and 
bolstering discovery of flaviviruses. 

Dr. Anil Koul and Amarnath Sharma at the launch of the J&J Satellite Center 
for Global Disease Discovery at the Duke-NUS Campus in Singapore.

   Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers.

Collaboration to combat health security threats

In 2022, our BLUE KNIGHT collaboration made further progress 
with portfolio companies having raised $160 million in secured 
and contingent funding by the end of the year. The BLUE KNIGHT 
joint initiative was created between JLABS and the Biomedical 
Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part 
of the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response at 
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. It is dedicated 
to anticipating potential health security threats with the aim of 

developing effective responses in our rapidly evolving global 
health environment. BLUE KNIGHT offers physical residency at 
select JLABS locations, as well as a virtual engagement option, 
and portfolio companies are eligible to receive access to JLABS 
resources and programming, along with dedicated mentorship 
from Johnson & Johnson and BARDA.

BLUE KNIGHT expanded its portfolio of companies to include 
27 companies by the end of 2022, of which 36% are female led, 
36% are minority led and 68% are first-time entrepreneurs.

Collaboration across healthcare sectors and the larger 
life science ecosystem can be critical to forging a safer, 
healthier future. The innovation of today can impact our 
approach to potential solutions of the future.

Rachel Rath
Director, BARDA Alliance at Johnson & Johnson 
Innovation, JLABS

Over the last year, we have worked to expand connections and 
strengthen our potential global impact by growing our portfolio 
and advancing innovation and collaboration in the following ways:

•   Held our second BLUE KNIGHT Symposium, bringing people 
together virtually and in person at the newly opened JLABS @ 
Washington, DC, our BLUE KNIGHT hub. The Symposium facilitated 
a global conversation 
with innovators, investors, 
partners and thought leaders 
to discover and accelerate 
next-generation solutions for 
future pandemics, emerging 
infectious diseases and other 
known and unknown health 
threats. More than 1,800 
people from 50+ countries 
registered for the event.

Melinda Richter, Global Head of JLABS 
and Gary Disbrow, BARDA Director, join 
the 2022 BLUE KNIGHT Symposium.

27 WHO, “WHO statement on Solidarity Trial Vaccines,” https://www.who.int/news/item/26-10-2021-who-statement-on-solidarity-trial-vaccines.

29

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Watch video Learn more    Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthHealthcare Innovation Pandemics & Epidemics

•   Launched our first BLUE KNIGHT QuickFire Challenge, 

inviting innovators from across the globe to submit potentially 
groundbreaking ideas or technologies that aim to enhance 
preparedness toward future known and unknown infectious 
disease threats. Four awardees were selected to take their 
potential health security solutions to the next level.  

•   Enhanced the reach and influence of the BLUE KNIGHT 
community through participation in several events and 
congresses, including the Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense 
meeting, Banding Together: Partnerships for Biodefense. The 
meeting examined ways to incentivize and manage partnerships 
between the federal government and industry, academia and 
NGOs to drive technology innovation and improve biological 
intelligence for current and future threats. Three BLUE KNIGHT 
companies presented their next-generation preparedness 
solutions at the meeting, the first time that early stage companies 
were invited to speak to the Commission, showcasing the  
power of public-private partnerships to accelerate scientific  
and technological advancements.

Being selected as a BLUE KNIGHT company  
generated an immediate increase in scientific 
credibility, exposure to potential partners and investors 
and this would have taken us much longer to do on  
our own as a small company.

Brian Wiley
Strategic Advisor, ENA Respiratory, at the  
Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense meeting

Our COVID-19 vaccine

Acting with urgency at the onset of COVID-19, Johnson & Johnson 
galvanized resources to help halt the pandemic through developing 
an easy-to-deploy vaccine, obtaining regulatory authorizations, 
building supply chain capabilities and engaging with partners around 
the world to support health systems and healthcare providers 
involved in combating COVID-19. From the beginning, we identified 
new and impactful ways to optimize clinical trials, reach diverse 
communities and ensure appropriate representation from all 
populations in our research. 

In 2021 and 2022, the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine 
received multiple regulatory authorizations, emergency use waivers 
and import permits in many countries worldwide, including 50 
countries in Africa. 

 >268 million

Johnson & Johnson delivered more than 268 million 
COVID-19 vaccines in 2022, with more than 85% 
launch-to-date shipped to LMICs.

   For more information related to our COVID-19 vaccine,  
see our 2022 Annual Report.

30

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthHealthcare Innovation HIV

HIV

At Johnson & Johnson, we have been committed to fighting HIV for decades. Together, we are 
helping to advance science, enable access and collaborate to improve lives around the world in  
a determined effort to make HIV history.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Though there have been significant advances in prevention since the 
beginning of the global epidemic, 1.5 million people acquired HIV 
in 2021 alone,28 underscoring the high unmet need for new options. 
That’s why we must continue to drive out inequalities in access to HIV 
treatment while making HIV treatment easier, more effective and more 
available for everyone. 

We remain focused on helping transform HIV from a 
terminal illness into a manageable condition, enabling 
those affected by the virus to enjoy productive lives. Our 
best science, the passion and dedication of our scientists 
and our extensive collaborations have enabled us to 
again make significant progress in 2022.

Brian Woodfall, M.D.
Vice President, Global Head of Development, 
Infectious Diseases & Vaccines, Janssen R&D

New and expanded U.S. regulatory approvals for HIV treatment: 
Our fruitful collaboration with ViiV Healthcare has helped to deliver a 
new and meaningful treatment option, with the world’s first, complete 
long-acting injectable (LAI) HIV treatment regimen. The LAI regimen 
includes two ARV drugs, one developed by Janssen (rilpivirine) and the 
other by ViiV Healthcare (cabotegravir). This regimen is also known as 
CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) in the U.S. Both the once-
monthly and the every-two-months versions of this HIV LAI treatment 
regimen for adults have been approved by health authorities in Europe, 
Switzerland and Canada. Additionally, the once-monthly version has 
been approved by the health authority in Australia.

In 2022, the FDA approved a label update for the product, giving HCPs 
and people living with HIV in the U.S. the option to start this once-
monthly or every-two-month injectable treatment without the need 
for the oral lead-in phase. Additionally, in 2022, the FDA approved 
CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) for adolescents who are 12 
years of age or older as the first and only LAI HIV regimen to be made 
available for eligible adolescents, reducing the daily pill burden through 
a treatment offered as few as six days per year. Adhering to treatment 
regimens can be difficult for adolescents, who may skip HIV medicine 
doses to hide their HIV-positive status from others.29

Regulatory approvals and studies in resource-limited settings: 
In 2022, the HIV LAI regimen was approved by the Botswana 
Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first approval of  
our co-developed HIV LAI regimen in a resource-limited country.  
We continue to seek regulatory approvals in additional RLS, 
including regulatory submissions in South Africa in 2021 and 
Thailand in 2022.

This longer-acting treatment regimen could be 
potentially game-changing for young people with HIV, 
particularly since it’s not pill based.

Kati Vandermeulen
Senior Director and Compound Development Team 
Leader, Infectious Diseases & Vaccines, Janssen R&D

Progress in Access to HIV Treatment
•       Registration approval was received from the Botswana 
Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first RLS  
approval of the co-developed HIV LAI regimen (Janssen’s 
rilpivirine LA with ViiV Healthcare’s cabotegravir LA).

•       Clinical studies are ongoing to demonstrate the safety and 
efficacy of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and adolescents 
across multiple countries in sub-Saharan Africa.

We are also conducting and/or supporting four key additional 
clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy (randomized 
controlled trials), as well as the feasibility and acceptability 
(implementation research), of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and 
adolescents across four sub-Saharan African countries: Kenya, 
South Africa, Uganda and Zimbabwe. All four studies are at 
different stages of enrolling more than a total of 1,700 participants:

•   Cabotegravir And Rilpivirine Efficacy and Safety Study (CARES 

study) in HIV-1 infected virologically suppressed adults;

•   Long-Acting Treatment in Adolescents (LATA study) in HIV-1 

infected virologically suppressed adolescents;

•   Acceptability and Feasibility of 
Long-acting Injectable ART in 
Adolescents (AFINAty study) 
in HIV-1 infected virologically 
suppressed adolescents; and

•   Improving HIV-1 Control in  
Africa With Long-Acting 
Antiretrovirals (IMPALA study) 
in HIV-1 infected adults with a 
history of suboptimal adherence.

participants

28 UNAIDS, “Global HIV & AIDS statistics — Fact sheet 2022,” https://www.unaids.org/en/resources/fact-sheet, accessed February 2023. 29 HIV.info, NIH.gov, “HIV and Children and Adolescents,” https://hivinfo.nih.gov/understanding-hiv/fact-
sheets/hiv-and-children-and-adolescents, accessed February 2023.

31

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  View ScorecardGlobal SurgeryPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation HIV

Combating pediatric HIV: In addition to the FDA approval of the 
HIV LAI regimen for adolescents, our work to expand improved 
solutions for children living with HIV is ongoing. A combination 
tablet, containing our product PREZISTA (darunavir) in a fixed-dose 
combination with ritonavir 50mg, received WHO Prequalification 
in 2022 and is helping meet treatment needs as a second-line 
treatment for adults and children. Johnson & Johnson has had a 
specific policy since 2012 not to enforce the patents it owns and 
controls on PREZISTA (darunavir) in sub-Saharan Africa and Least 
Developed Countries. In 2015, we expanded the geographical 
scope of the policy for pediatric products used in LMICs.

In 2021, children accounted for 4% of all people living with 
HIV but for 15% of all AIDS-related deaths.30

Johnson & Johnson is a co-founder of the New Horizons 
Collaborative, which aims to improve treatment and care for 
children and young adults with HIV in 11 countries across the region 
through drug donation and capacity building. In 2021, Johnson & 
Johnson, in collaboration with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS 
Foundation,31 renewed our commitment to the initiative, pledging 
to extend our darunavir donation program and continue enrolling 
new pediatric and young adult HIV patients through at least 2025. 
This is also an important step toward meeting our commitments 
to help tackle the challenge of pediatric HIV as part of the Rome 
5 Paediatric HIV and TB Action Plan. In 2022, more than 1,700 
children were enrolled in this treatment program in sub-Saharan 
African countries.

HIV prevention for women and girls: The dapivirine vaginal ring, 
recommended in 2021 by the WHO as an additional prevention 
choice for women as part of a combination of prevention 
approaches, received approval in 2022 from the South African 
Health Products Regulatory Authority for use by women aged 
18 and older to help reduce their risk of contracting HIV. Several 
approvals in Africa have been received, and there are additional 
applications currently pending.

Learning from HIV vaccine trials: In January 2023, together with 
a consortium of global partners, we discontinued Mosaico, our 
large-scale efficacy study in the Americas and Europe, that aimed 
to test the safety and efficacy of a specific composition of an 
investigational HIV vaccine regimen among men who have sex with 
men and transgender individuals. The study’s independent Data 
and Safety Monitoring Board determined that the regimen was not 
effective in preventing HIV infection compared to placebo among 
study participants. No vaccine-related safety issues were identified.

The effects of gender 
inequalities on women’s 
HIV risks are especially 
pronounced in sub-Saharan 
Africa, where women 
accounted for 63% of new 
HIV infections in 2021.32

A mother and daughter wait to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, 
Uganda. Photo by New Horizons Collaborative. 

The dapivirine ring is a long-acting HIV prevention method 
designed specifically for women. It was developed by the 
International Partnership for Microbicides under an exclusive 
license from Janssen for use of its ARV compound and is now 
owned by Population Council. The flexible, silicone ring is discreet, 
easy to use, has minimal side effects and only needs to be replaced 
monthly. The initial approvals and pilot implementation of the 
dapivirine ring in South Africa is an important step in the decades-
long fight against HIV, particularly for adolescent girls and young 
women in sub-Saharan Africa, who are three times more likely to 
acquire HIV than their male counterparts.33

Johnson & Johnson was a founding member of the MenStar 
Coalition, which has helped more than 3 million men living  
with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa get into treatment, with 95% 
becoming virally suppressed.

While we are disappointed with the study outcome, it 
serves to underscore the unique challenges that have 
faced the global scientific community in the over 40-
year search for an HIV vaccine, and we are hopeful that 
learning from Mosaico may provide important data in 
the ongoing fight against HIV. We remain committed to 
seeking innovative solutions for HIV.

Penny Heaton, M.D.
Global Therapeutic Area Head, Infectious  
Diseases & Vaccines, Janssen R&D  

   Learn more about our progress in helping make HIV history.

A child waits to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, Uganda. Photo by New Horizons 
Collaborative.

30 UNAIDS, “Dangerous Inequalities, World AIDS Day Report 2022,” https://www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/media_asset/dangerous-inequalities_en.pdf, accessed February 2023. 31 Funded primarily by the Johnson & Johnson Foundation, a registered 
charity and a company limited by guarantee. The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies. The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson & Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson & 
Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007). 32 UNAIDS, “Dangerous Inequalities, World AIDS Day Report 2022,” https://www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/media_asset/dangerous-inequalities_en.pdf, accessed February 2023. 33 Ibid.

32

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Tuberculosis

The challenge to end tuberculosis (TB) remains a priority for healthcare, especially in resource-limited 
settings. At Johnson & Johnson, we continue to meet this challenge, both in the lab and at the last mile 
of health, driven by our 10-year TB initiative and two decades of experience in the fight against TB.

More than three years since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the world is still fighting to regain progress that had been made 
in combating TB. For the first time in several years, there was an 
increase in people falling ill with TB in 2021, and deaths continue to 
increase year over year.34

Globally, the estimated number of deaths from TB increased 
between 2019 and 2021, reversing years of decline between 
2005 and 2019. In 2021, 1.6 million people died from TB, including 
187,000 people with HIV.35

Rising AMR and the “missing millions” of undiagnosed people 
continue to be challenges. In 2022, we made great strides to help 
reignite the global fight against TB through our collaborations, 
continue our commitment to our patients, reinvest in the 
development of new treatments and advocate on behalf of the 
people most affected by TB.

   To learn more about TB and Johnson & Johnson’s work to  
help end TB: 

Without treatment, the death rate from TB is high (about 50%). 
With currently recommended treatments (a four- to six-month 
course of anti-TB drugs), about 85% of people can be cured.36

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Access to 
Tuberculosis (TB) Treatment
•       In 2022, 134,000 patients received access to bedaquiline 
potentially averting 1.2 million new MDR-TB infections. 

•       From 2021–2022, 269,000 patients received access  
to bedaquiline, potentially averting 2.4 million new  
MDR-TB infections.

Progress in Developing TB Treatment
•       Continued clinical development for a novel, collaborative 
asset, including dosing completed in a Phase I study. 

•       Progress was also made with consortia groups, including 

UNITE4TB and PAN-TB, using bedaquiline as a key 
component in several studies.

As a global healthcare company, Johnson & Johnson is 
committed to utilizing our unique strengths, including 
our decades of experience in research and development 
and our deep understanding of insights and behavior 
change to help end the TB pandemic.

Howard Reid
Global Head of Global Public Health and Social Impact, 
Johnson & Johnson

Milestones in our fight against TB

December 2022 marked 10 years since the accelerated approval 
of SIRTURO (bedaquiline) by the FDA. When Johnson & Johnson 
received approval for SIRTURO (bedaquiline) in 2012, it was the 
first TB medicine with a novel mechanism of action in more than  
40 years. Since then, bedaquiline has been recommended by the 
WHO as a core component of all-oral treatment regimens for  
MDR-TB and is available to countries representing 99% of the 
global TB burden.

Tuberculosis

34 WHO, “Global Tuberculosis Report 2022 Factsheet,” https://www.who.int/publications/m/item/global-tuberculosis-report-2022-factsheet, accessed February 2023. 35 Ibid; 36 Ibid.

33

A mother who is receiving treatment for TB and 
her three children in Gqeberha, South Africa.

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Watch video View ScorecardGlobal SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation In 2022, we reached a milestone with more than 586,000 
courses of SIRTURO (bedaquiline), our multidrug-resistant 
tuberculosis (MDR-TB) medicine, delivered cumulatively to  
158 countries, including all 30 high-burden TB countries.37

Studies such as these help underscore the importance of 
bedaquiline in helping solve one of today’s greatest global health 
challenges and reinforce confidence in the effectiveness of the 
treatment in adults, adolescents and children.

This milestone represents a critical part of our 10-year initiative 
to help end TB, but our work continues. Johnson & Johnson is 
continuing to collaborate across sectors to enable access to our 
medicine for MDR-TB patients around the world, with a focus on 
expanding access to the pediatric formulation of bedaquiline as 
part of the Rome 5 Action Plan and safeguarding its long-term 
effectiveness through careful stewardship. Beyond our medicine, 
we are also continuing to support global efforts to help find the 
“missing millions” of people with undiagnosed TB and advance 
innovative R&D to develop the next generation of TB treatments.

Since 2012, bedaquiline has been registered in 72 countries, 
more than any other medicine specifically developed for the 
treatment of MDR-TB, advancing availability to countries with 
the greatest need.

Tuberculosis

A scientist conducting TB research at Groote Schuur Research Centre, South Africa.

3 of 4 MDR-TB patients globally are now enrolled on all oral 
bedaquiline-containing regimens.

Collaborating to advance TB drug regimens

In 2022, new scientific data was generated to support the safety 
and efficacy of bedaquiline. The STREAM Stage 2 clinical trial is 
the world’s largest clinical trial for MDR-TB and was conducted 
by the Medical Research Council Clinical Trials Unit at University 
College London and sponsored by Vital Strategies, Inc. With nearly 
600 participants enrolled, from eight countries on three continents, 
the trial found both bedaquiline-containing regimens, a nine-month 
oral regimen and a six-month regimen with eight weeks of second-
line injectable, had superior efficacy compared with a nine-month 
injectable-containing regimen, with fewer cases of hearing loss. 
This fills an important gap in evidence on shortened regimens for 
MDR-TB.38

Additionally, a study39 of more than 5,000 patients with MDR-TB from 
14 sites in South Africa showed that treatment with a bedaquiline-
containing regimen was associated with better survival and 
effectiveness compared to non-bedaquiline-containing regimens  
in patients with MDR-TB.  

In 2022, the Project to Accelerate New Treatments for Tuberculosis 
(PAN-TB) collaboration announced the execution of a joint 
development agreement (JDA) supporting the progression of two 
investigational TB combination treatment regimens into Phase 
2 clinical development. The collaboration will evaluate whether 
the novel regimens, which combine registered products and new 
chemical entities, can effectively treat all forms of active pulmonary 
TB using substantially shorter treatment durations than existing 
drug regimens, with the goal of identifying a regimen suitable for 
Phase 3 development. 

Recognizing that no single organization produces the full range of 
drugs needed to respond to TB, the PAN-TB collaboration brings 
together philanthropic, nonprofit and private-sector organizations to 
accelerate the development of novel, shorter drug regimens to treat 
all forms of TB. Alongside Johnson & Johnson’s bedaquiline, four 
additional antimicrobial agents are to be evaluated under the new JDA.

Today, our medicine has become the backbone of  
WHO-recommended all-oral treatment regimens for 
nearly all DR-TB patients, and this PAN-TB collaboration 
will allow us to further explore our medicine’s potential 
to help transform TB treatment for patients in need while 
maintaining its long-term effectiveness in the face of 
rising antimicrobial resistance.

Ruxandra Draghia-Akli, M.D., Ph.D.
Global Head, Global Public Health R&D,  
Janssen R&D

There is still a large global gap between the estimated number 
of people who fell ill with TB and the number of people newly 
diagnosed, with 4.2 million people not diagnosed with the 
disease or not officially reported to national authorities in 2021, 
up from 3.2 million in 2019.40

In addition to PAN-TB, our membership in several research 
collaborations and consortia is ongoing. These include the 
following TB initiatives, which are all part of the Innovative 
Medicines Initiative (IMI):

•   UNITE4TB: This global consortium of 30 collaborators from  

13 countries, launched in 2021, aims to advance anti-TB science 
and enable the progression of new, safe and affordable treatment 
solutions for TB patients worldwide. During the first year of  
the project, a sponsor was chosen for the first Phase 2 clinical  
trials; innovative clinical trial designs were developed; and the  
project shortlisted the first trial sites in Africa, Asia, Europe and 
South America.

•   ERA4TB: The ERA4TB initiative integrates more than 30 

organizations from the EU and the U.S. over a six-year period 
starting from 2020 to develop at least two or more new 
combination regimens with treatment-shortening potential  
ready for Phase 2 clinical evaluation.   

37 Upon review of the data and reconciliation processes, a change was needed to correct the annual number of courses of SIRTURO (bedaquiline) shipped for years 2018 to 2021, which resulted in a 1.1% reduction in the total cumulative shipments from 593,000 to 
586,000 between 2014 and 2022. 38 Goodall RL, Meredith SK, Nunn, AJ, et al, “Evaluation of two short standardised regimens for the treatment of rifampicin-resistant tuberculosis (STREAM stage 2): an open-label, multicentre, randomised, non-inferiority trial,” 
The Lancet, https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(22)02078-5/fulltext, accessed February 2023. 39 BMC, “Bedaquiline safety, efficacy, utilization and emergence of resistance following treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis 
patients in South Africa: a retrospective cohort analysis,” https://bmcinfectdis.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12879-022-07861-x, accessed February 2023. 40 WHO, “Global Tuberculosis Report 2022 Factsheet,” https://www.who.int/publications/m/item/
global-tuberculosis-report-2022-factsheet, accessed February 2023.

34

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Tuberculosis

•   RESPIRI-TB: An international research consortium of eight 
European academic and biotechnology organizations, IMI 
RESPIRI-TB aims to develop a new, more efficient combination-
drug regimen to cure MDR-TB, with a focus on shortening 
treatment duration and minimizing the likelihood of resistance.

•   EU-PEARL: A strategic consortia between the public and private 

sectors to shape the future of clinical trials, developing the 
specific Investigational Research Platform frameworks for trials 
ready to operate in disease areas still facing high unmet need. 
Our GPH organization jointly leads the working group on TB, and, 
in 2022, the group presented a new approach to designing an 
adaptive platform trial for TB.

Engaging youth to build a TB-free future 

On World TB Day in 2022, Johnson & Johnson came together 
with the global community to progress a series of initiatives in 
high-burden countries aimed at helping to empower a generation 
of youth to end TB. The initiatives advance global efforts to help 
find the missing millions of people living with undiagnosed TB and 
are part of Johnson & Johnson’s 10-year initiative to help drive 
progress toward ending the disease by 2030, aligned with a target 
of UN SDG 3. 

Through wide collaboration, our initiatives aimed to engage 
young people to drive health-seeking behavior, build community 
awareness, improve active case finding and reduce stigma to 
enhance early diagnosis of TB, all with a goal of encouraging 
people with TB to seek the care and treatment they need. 

Some examples of our activations on World TB Day include:

•   China: In 2022, we celebrated the conclusion of a three-year 
collaboration with the Chinese government on TB, as China is 
one of 30 high-burden TB countries. Our role was to assist the 
Chinese government in addressing the TB challenge across 
the country and build evidence to support policy suggestions 
and technical solutions to the National Health Commission 
of China to further improve diagnosis rates. The project was 
carried out across a population of about 10 million in the three 
prefectures of Ganzhou, Linfen and Yulin and involved training 
healthcare providers, improving access to molecular tests for 

high-risk populations and streamlining TB case reporting and 
tracking mechanisms. Additionally, we collaborated to launch a 
youth volunteer and patient-finding initiative in the Sichuan and 
Zhejiang provinces and supported public awareness campaigns 
focused on TB, including the “I’m a Great Doctor” TB special on 
Beijing TV. 

We are proud to work with our key partners in China 
to drive impact against TB. Based on the successful 
outcome of the program, we will extend the key 
elements and integrated models achieved in the  
project to more places to continue to help enable a  
TB-free China.

Jenny Zheng
President, Xi’an Janssen

•   India: In collaboration with the National TB Elimination 

Program in India, we launched a youth-focused, digital-first 
campaign called Be the Change: Badlaav (“change” in Hindi). 
Through social media, chatbots and more, the initiative aims 
to create youth “changemakers” for TB to encourage health-
seeking behavior, increase awareness about the disease and 
build youth engagement and participation in support of the 
Indian government’s vision of a TB-free India. Additionally, 
with sponsorship from Johnson & Johnson, the MTV Staying 
Alive Foundation expanded on the success of MTV Nishedh, a 
youth-focused “edutainment” campaign in India, by launching 
a new season in November 2022. As part of this initiative, the 
Foundation developed a 10-episode drama series focused on the 
lives of young people in India and touched on TB storylines in an 
effort to raise awareness around the disease, reduce stigma and 
promote early detection of symptoms.

   Learn more about our #BeTheChangeForTB in India.

•   Southeast Asia: Johnson & Johnson launched TB Warriors, 

an initiative in collaboration with the National TB programs of 
Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam to educate youth 
about TB in a fun and entertaining way using social media, mobile 
games and more. In the Philippines, we also collaborated with the 
Philippine Tuberculosis Society, Inc. to launch a youth community 
case-finding initiative, from awareness to care.   

•   South Africa: Building on our pediatric DR-TB collaboration 

with Aquity Innovations in South Africa, the Johnson & Johnson 
Foundation Scotland and Aquity collaborated with EPCON to 
launch an initiative to improve health-seeking behavior among 
youth and conduct a new insight study to better understand 
barriers to care for children and youth.

Every individual and every organization has the potential 
to make an impact in the fight against TB. With the 
power of multisector partnerships coming together in 
numbers and uniting under one common cause, we can 
help turn the tide against this devastating disease once 
and for all.

Sarthak Ranade
Area Managing Director, South East Asia 
and India, Janssen 

Our engagement with the Ending Workplace TB initiative, 
a multisectoral collaboration that we co-launched in 
2020, continued. In 2022, the initiative grew from 24 to 48 
multinational companies pledging to address TB in their 
workforce. 

   Learn more about our progress in helping to end TB. 

35

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Ebola

Ebola

Over the past three decades, Ebola outbreaks have become larger and more frequent. In the last 
decade alone, the two deadliest outbreaks on record in West Africa and the Democratic Republic  
of the Congo further underscored the urgent need for innovation to protect communities at risk.

Ebola is a significant and growing health threat that was recently 
ranked by the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention 
among the pathogens with the highest-risk trajectory and epidemic 
potential. In 2022 alone, there were three outbreaks—one in Uganda 
was caused by the rarer Sudan ebolavirus, for which there is no 
approved vaccine or treatment. These outbreaks not only cause 
significant economic disruption, illness and loss of life, but they are 
particularly dangerous to healthcare workers and others working on 
the front lines.

The Zaire Ebola virus species has the highest mortality  
rate of 60% to 90%.41

At Johnson & Johnson, our vision is to protect people at risk 
of Ebola by preventing outbreaks before they can begin. We 
accelerated the development of our vaccine regimen in response 
to the 2014 outbreak in West Africa to help stop the spread in 
outbreak-adjacent areas. Today, Johnson & Johnson’s two-dose 
Ebola vaccine regimen comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) 
and Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA-BN-Filo) is indicated for 
active immunization of disease caused by the Ebola virus (Zaire 
ebolavirus species) in individuals ≥1 year of age. Building on 
the earlier approval from the European Commission and WHO 

Additionally, the WHO’s Strategic Advisory Group of Experts has 
recommended the proactive use of our Ebola vaccine regimen in 
non-outbreak settings to protect those most at risk, like healthcare 
workers and frontline workers. With this recommendation, 
countries have an additional tool to deploy in national pandemic 
prevention strategies and protect critical health and security 
infrastructure in countries living under the threat of this disease.

As of December 2022, more than 264,000 people worldwide 
had received a first dose of our Ebola vaccine regimen, 
including 242,000 who had been fully vaccinated. 

In 2022, additional data on the safety and immunogenicity of our 
Ebola vaccine regimen was published in The New England Journal 
of Medicine.42 The data was generated in the Phase 2 clinical trial 
of the Partnership for Research on Ebola VACcinations (PREVAC), 
which evaluated our Ebola vaccine regimen, among others, in 
2,800 participants across trial sites in Guinea, Liberia, Mali and 
Sierra Leone. These results add to a growing body of scientific 
literature that demonstrate the Johnson & Johnson Ebola vaccine 
regimen has a favorable safety profile, is well tolerated and induces 
a robust immune response against the Zaire Ebola virus species in 
adults and children (aged 1 – 17 years). 

Prequalification, our 
regimen received new 
regulatory Marketing 
Authorizations in Côte 
d’Ivoire and Ghana in 2022 
and in Rwanda, Sierra 
Leone and Uganda in early 
2023. These continued 
approvals are key to 
enabling access to our 
vaccine regimen for people 
and communities who live 
under the threat of Ebola.

We believe that through proactive use of our Ebola 
vaccine, the global health community can help 
protect vulnerable communities living under the 
threat of this disease.

Ruxandra Draghia-Akli, M.D., Ph.D.
Global Head, Global Public Health R&D,  
Janssen R&D

A scientist works in the lab on formulations 
for Ebola treatments in Leiden, Netherlands. 

Recognizing African-led pandemic preparedness

In 2019, Johnson & Johnson supported the government of Rwanda 
and other partners to advance the Unprecedented Movement 
to drive a Unified Rwandan Initiative for National EBOLA 
Immunization (UMURINZI), a large-scale vaccination effort to 
prevent Ebola along the Rwandan border with the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo. We shared insights from UMURINZI at a 
symposium at the 2nd Annual International Conference on Public 
Health in Africa in Rwanda. The UMURINZI campaign vaccinated 
more than 203,000 people with our Ebola vaccine regimen and 
provides valuable experience that can be used to help prevent and 
respond quickly to the threat of a pandemic.

Our INGABO study, which was established as part of UMURINZI 
to evaluate the vaccine in healthy pregnant women, continued 
through 2022 with enrollment of 2,000 patients completed and 
1,800 fully vaccinated by the end of the year. This is Johnson & 
Johnson’s first pregnancy vaccine trial. With positive results, it 
would offer the only Ebola prevention option for pregnant women 
as part of our vision to halt the spread of Ebola. 

In May 2021, the Johnson & Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen was 
granted a temporary use authorization in the Democratic Republic 
of the Congo to support the planned prophylactic deployment of 
our vaccine regimen to help prevent future outbreaks. Johnson 
& Johnson is collaborating with the Ministry of Health, Hygiene 
and Prevention of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, acting 
through its National Institute for Biomedical Research, to launch 
a new Ebola prevention program in Mbandaka and other parts of 
Équateur province. The program, launched in early 2023, aims to 
strengthen local capacity with expanded capabilities to prevent 
Ebola outbreaks and respond more swiftly when outbreaks occur. 
Johnson & Johnson is donating 45,000 Ebola vaccine regimens 
and working closely to support capacity development.

   Learn more about our progress in preventing the spread of Ebola. 

41 Kadanali A and Karagoz G, “An overview of Ebola virus disease,” North Clin Istanb., 2015 Apr 24;2(1):81-86, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5175058/. 42 The New England Journal of Medicine, “Randomized Trial of Vaccines for Zaire 
Ebola Virus Disease,” 2022 Dec 29;387:2411-2424, https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2200072, accessed February 2023. 

36

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Neglected Tropical Diseases

Neglected Tropical Diseases

Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) are a cause of significant illness, disability and death, especially 
among children in some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable communities.

In 2022, we renewed our commitment to fight NTDs by joining the 
global community, including governments, foundations, nonprofit 
organizations and other pharmaceutical companies, to endorse the 
Kigali Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases. Together, we are 
recommitting to our long-established efforts to control and eliminate 
NTDs, a set of debilitating diseases that put at risk the health of 1.7 
billion people43 around the world, especially the most vulnerable and 
under-resourced. We committed to the following:

•   donating up to 200 million doses annually of VERMOX 
(mebendazole), our medicine to treat intestinal worms,  
through 2025; and 

•   advancing novel R&D programs to discover new medicines 

needed to beat dengue and leprosy.

Of the 20 NTDs prioritized in the WHO roadmap 2021 – 2030, 
Johnson & Johnson research and medicines support the 
treatment and prevention of three high-prevalence NTDs: 
dengue; soil-transmitted helminthiasis (STH), also known as 
intestinal worms; and leprosy.44

Donating more than 2.2 billion doses 
of VERMOX (mebendazole): For more 
than 15 years, Johnson & Johnson has 
been at the forefront of global efforts 
to beat NTDs, donating more than 2.2 
billion doses of VERMOX (mebendazole) 
for the treatment of intestinal worms 
to field partners in more than 60 
countries. This was further bolstered 
by the development of a new chewable formulation of VERMOX 
(mebendazole) in 2019 that can be easily administered to children as 
young as 1 year of age, supporting the training of community health 
workers, enabling better data management and supporting the 
development of new diagnostics. Through tireless and collaborative 
efforts, countless children in need have been given the opportunity 
to recover, play, learn and thrive.

Since 2006, the VERMOX (mebendazole) program donated 
more than 2.2 billion doses, treating up to 100 million patients 
annually in 61 countries. More than 200 million doses of 
VERMOX Chewable were donated in 2022 alone.

Innovation to combat flavivirus 

We also invited scientists from across the APAC and Oceania 
regions to take part in our Global Health Discovery QuickFire 
Challenge: Flavivirus Infections. The challenge aimed to attract 
potentially groundbreaking ideas to treat, control or prevent 
flavivirus disease. The innovator(s) with the best potential solution 
receive grant funding from a total pool of up to $300,000; access 
to the JLABS APAC community, including a dedicated workstation 
for one year at JLABS @ Shanghai; and mentorship from  
Johnson & Johnson experts.

Treating leprosy

Preliminary data from Janssen’s Phase 2a proof-of-concept 
study show promising results for bedaquiline for the treatment of 
leprosy. We shared these results at the 21st International Leprosy 
Congress 2022, noting that our compound bedaquiline appears 
to be generally well tolerated when dosed as monotherapy over a 
period of eight weeks in a leprosy study population consisting of 
multibacillary leprosy patients, the most advanced form of leprosy, 
followed by 12 months of a WHO-recommended leprosy treatment 
regimen. The preliminary data mark an important milestone in 
Johnson & Johnson’s pledge to advance research and development 
programs and generate the evidence needed to explore innovative 
treatment options to tackle leprosy.

Progressing dengue treatment and research

Janssen’s Dengue Compound Discovery Program, which started 
in 2007 in collaboration with KU Leuven Rega Institute and the 

Centre for Drug Design and Discovery in Belgium, has developed 
a dengue-specific antiviral compound with a novel mechanism of 
action that could potentially protect against and treat all dengue 
serotypes. Dengue eradication or elimination is not feasible due 
to existing animal reservoirs and limitations of current protective 
measures against the multiple strains and serotypes circulating. 
The toolbox to combat dengue needs to grow, and antivirals could 
be a vital new tool, helping to slow down outbreaks and limit 
epidemic levels of cases.

Upon proof-of-concept in a non-human primate model, and 
following results from our first-in-human Phase 1 double-blind 
study that showed the compound is safe and well tolerated, we 
progressed in 2022 to Phase 2a clinical studies to evaluate our 
antiviral compound for prevention and treatment of dengue. One 
study is a human challenge study conducted in collaboration with 
Johns Hopkins University, University of Vermont and NIH. The other 
is being conducted in collaboration with Singapore’s Duke-NUS 
Medical School, which is also home to Johnson & Johnson’s third 
Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery in APAC, launched in 
June 2022. This Satellite Center aims to catalyze investment and 
bolster R&D infrastructure for flaviviruses and builds on Johnson & 
Johnson’s decade-long legacy and ongoing collaboration with  
Duke-NUS in public health research.

The establishment of the Satellite Center at Duke-
NUS builds upon our strong track record in flavivirus 
research and bench-to-bedside innovations and will 
facilitate antiviral drug discovery for the prevention 
and treatment of flavivirus-associated diseases that are 
affecting communities in Southeast Asia and beyond.

Professor Patrick Casey
Senior Vice Dean of Research, Duke-NUS  
Medical School

   Learn more about our progress in addressing NTDs.

43 https://unitingtocombatntds.org/en/the-kigali-declaration/the-declaration/, accessed February 2023. 44 WHO, Ending the neglect to attain Sustainable Development Goals: A road map for neglected tropical diseases, 2021–2030,” https://apps.who.int/
iris/rest/bitstreams/1326801/retrieve, accessed February 2023.

37

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Antimicrobial Resistance

Antimicrobial Resistance

Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is already a crisis, made even more concerning by the COVID-19 
pandemic. As microorganisms develop resistance to medicines that millions of people have relied upon 
for years, common diseases are becoming difficult or impossible to cure and the spread of infections 
harder to control.

Johnson & Johnson is one of the top three companies leading  
the way in addressing the complex health challenge of  
AMR, as assessed by the independent Access to Medicine 
Foundation in its third AMR Benchmark published in 2021.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, with a 
purpose to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity, 
we care deeply about reversing the development of AMR. Rising AMR 
has been ranked among the most significant health threats facing the 
world by the WHO and, left uncontrolled, could turn routine infections 
and surgical procedures into life-or-death situations.

Invasive ExPEC Disease (IED), such as sepsis, caused by the 
nine most prevalent serotypes of ExPEC, in adults aged 60 years 
and older. It is a multicenter event-driven vaccine efficacy study 
featuring a group-sequential design and includes over 18,500 
adults aged 60 years and older with one or more additional risk 
factors for invasive disease.

To help counter the AMR threat, Johnson & Johnson has committed 
to investing in and advancing critical science, as well as providing 
access to antibiotics and safeguarding their long-term effectiveness, 
to meet public health needs. As part of these efforts, Janssen is 
leading the pursuit for novel vaccines and therapeutics to tackle 
a range of drug-resistant infections, including DR-TB and E. coli. 
Specifically, our decades of investment in helping end TB is a critical 
contributor to our efforts to outpace AMR. 

WHO has declared that AMR is one of the top 10 global public health 
threats facing humanity.45 Annually, 1.2 million deaths are attributable 
to AMR, and 4.9 million deaths are associated with AMR.46

Johnson & Johnson is also a founding member of the AMR Action 
Fund and the AMR Industry Alliance, which are focused on creating 
the sustainable ecosystem of investment and innovation to tackle 
the AMR threat. In 2022, the AMR Action Fund made its first 
investments in two companies, Adaptive Phage Therapeutics and 
Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, promising to deliver innovations that 
can change the treatment landscape for drug-resistant infections 
and advance the AMR Action Fund’s goal of bringing two to 
four new antibiotics to market within a decade. Our $100 million 
commitment to the Fund is helping advance toward this goal.

Advancing our ExPEC vaccine: ExPEC is one of the leading 
pathogens in the AMR crisis. Last year, we initiated our Phase 3 
E.mbrace study to evaluate the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity 
of a single injection of our investigational vaccine to prevent

Antibiotics have been the backbone of modern medicine 
for more than a century, but increasing resistance 
threatens to render them ineffective. Our innovation in 
new antibiotic drug discovery must outpace this rising 
threat of multi- or extreme-drug resistant pathogens.

Anil Koul, Ph.D.
Vice President, Discovery and Partnerships,  
Global Public Health R&D, Janssen R&D

Dedicating resources to AMR science: In 2022, we expanded our 
J&J Centers for Global Health Discovery (J&J Centers) with the 
launch of the Johnson & Johnson Satellite Center for Global Health 
Discovery at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) 
Centre at the University of Cape Town in South Africa. This Satellite 
Center is working to drive new solutions to address the present and 
rising threat of AMR with a specific focus on multidrug-resistant 
Gram-negative bacteria (MDR-GNB). Teams from Janssen and 
H3D will leverage their combined global, institutional and regional 
strengths to bolster the early stage science, innovation and 
talent development needed to tackle AMR. Research at the new 
Satellite Center will build on Johnson & Johnson’s decades of work 
accelerating innovation—from the lab-to-last-mile of healthcare—
to outpace the threat of AMR.

We must come together to advance investment in 
African-led innovation to protect the health of our 
communities and the world. It is critical that local 
researchers have the opportunity to investigate the 
challenges that impact their communities without 
having to leave those communities. This collaboration 
will further foster the talent and provide the tools and 
opportunity needed to create innovative solutions in 
public health.

Kelly Chibale, Ph.D.
Founder and Director of H3D

Sharing data to accelerate AMR research: In 2022, we were 
pleased to commit to participating in a groundbreaking data-
sharing initiative to increase understanding of AMR, launched 
by nonprofit Vivli. The AMR Register makes it possible for 
biopharmaceutical companies to share susceptibility data on 
infection-causing pathogens for the first time ever in one online 
platform, marking a critical step in combating the growing global 
health threat of AMR. With the active participation from leading 
pharmaceutical and biotech enterprises, including Johnson & 
Johnson, researchers will be able to use the AMR Register to 
translate masses of AMR surveillance data into meaningful action 
that saves lives and preserves antibiotics for future generations.

   Learn more about our progress in outpacing AMR.

45 WHO, “Antimicrobial resistance,” https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/antimicrobial-resistance, accessed February 2023. 46 IHME, “The Lancet: An estimated 1.2 million people died in 2019 from antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections, more 
deaths than HIV/AIDS or malaria,” https://www.healthdata.org/news-release/lancet-estimated-12-million-people-died-2019-antibiotic-resistant-bacterial-infections, accessed February 2023.

38

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Healthcare Innovation

GRI J&J22-6, J&J22-9 

Innovation has been an essential part of the fabric of Johnson & Johnson for more than 135 years. Thanks to 
the incredible efforts of the tens of thousands of scientists, researchers, engineers, designers and clinicians, 
we have pioneered multiple breakthroughs to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

We advance innovation at Johnson & Johnson across many channels, 
as outlined in our Position on Innovation.

R&D Investment (Millions)

$14,714

$14,603

$12,159

$11,355

$10,775

Healthcare Innovation 

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

No company can thrive without innovation. For  
Johnson & Johnson, this is stating the obvious. With 
an R&D investment of more than $14 billion in the past 
year, we are walking the talk. This investment has a 
dual benefit: patients globally gain access to the most 
advanced treatments and Johnson & Johnson continues 
to have a leading impact in healthcare markets—currently, 
with 30 brands or platforms that generate more than $1 
billion of revenue annually, our investment in innovation 
continues to be a key element of our success.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  
Johnson & Johnson 

Chairman and CEO Joaquin Duato and Janssen R&D employees at the opening of 
the San Francisco Bay Campus. Photo by Orange Photography.

In 2022, we opened our latest state-of-the-art Janssen R&D facility, 
more than doubling our R&D presence in the San Francisco Bay 
Area. Located in one of the world’s most established global hubs 
for innovation, the campus bridges key scientific and technological 
capabilities by co-locating Janssen R&D and Johnson & Johnson 
Innovation, further integrating the Company into the Bay Area’s 
innovation ecosystem to strengthen and increase collaborations 
with innovators and accelerate growth. 

  >63.6 billion

invested in R&D over the past five years to deliver 
healthcare innovation to advance Our Purpose and 
improve lives.

Our new science facility in the Bay Area further 
strengthens our R&D capabilities and transforms how 
we discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines 
faster and more efficiently. By integrating drug discovery, 
data science and digital health, we aim to accelerate the 
growth of our best-in-class portfolio and deliver better 
health outcomes for people worldwide.

Stacy Feld
Site Head, San Francisco Bay Campus and Regional Head, 
Johnson & Johnson Innovation, West North America 

Throughout the world, we also expanded our J&J Centers for 
Global Health Discovery that advance healthcare science, targeting 
pressing challenges in global health in the regions of greatest need. 
In 2022, we launched two Satellite Centers—one in South Africa 
to address the threat of AMR and one in Singapore to focus on 
dengue and other flaviviruses.

   Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers and 
about innovation across Johnson & Johnson Innovation, as well 
as Janssen R&D.

39

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Watch video Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsPharmaceutical R&D

Pharmaceutical R&D

Our Pharmaceutical R&D organization advances our purpose to change the trajectory of health 
for humanity by pursuing breakthroughs across a wide range of therapeutic areas and biological 
pathways, applying our expertise in small molecules, monoclonal antibodies, cell and gene therapies 
and RNA therapeutics.

We delivered numerous recent achievements across several 
therapeutic areas in 2022.

I have been following the innovations led by Johnson & 
Johnson’s pharmaceutical teams over many years, and I 
am deeply honored to have recently joined the talented 
Pharmaceutical R&D team. Pharmaceutical innovation 
is a critical component of global progress in healthcare, 
and Johnson & Johnson’s significant investments will 
enable us to discover and develop transformational 
medicines that improve human health for the patients 
we serve around the world.

John Reed M.D., Ph.D.
Executive Vice President,  
Pharmaceuticals, R&D

Oncology

In line with our strategy to address unique cellular targets through 
immunotherapy treatment regimens, and our deep expertise in 
multiple myeloma, we realized breakthrough developments in 
multiple myeloma therapies in 2022, addressing high unmet  
need to profoundly impact the lives of patients living with this  
form of cancer. 

•    EU and FDA approval of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) 

was granted for the treatment of adults with relapsed or 
refractory multiple myeloma after four or more prior lines of 
therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory

   agent and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. CARVYKTI is a 
chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy that works by 
harnessing the patient’s own immune system, or T-cells, to attack 
cancer cells.

   Learn more from stories from real patients treated with 
CARVYKTI and their caregivers.

•   EU and FDA approvals of TECVAYLI (teclistamab), a novel, 

first-in-class, T-cell redirecting bispecific antibody that activates 
the body’s immune system to fight cancer, were granted for the 
treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. 
These milestones marked significant developments for heavily 
pre-treated patients who have limited treatment options today.

Given the heterogeneity of the disease, multiple 
myeloma is incredibly challenging to treat. 
Nonetheless, the dedication of those at Janssen 
working to cure this disease has enabled the 
conceptualization and execution of a rich R&D program 
that enabled a significant step forward for the entire 
multiple myeloma community.

Yusri Elsayed M.D., M.H.Sc., Ph.D.
Vice President, Hematologic Malignancies  
Disease Area Leader, Janssen R&D

•   FDA breakthrough therapy designation was granted for 

talquetamab, a first-in-class bispecific antibody for the treatment 
of heavily pretreated patients living with multiple myeloma.

Further advances in treating leukemia were also achieved in 2022, 
with two significant approvals for IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib):

•   EU marketing authorization was granted for the expanded use 
of our IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) in a fixed-duration combination 
regimen for adults with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic 
leukemia. This marks the first-ever approval of IMBRUVICA in a 
fixed-duration regimen for patients with this form of cancer.

•   FDA approval for IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) was granted as the 

first and only treatment for children under 12 with chronic graft-
versus-host disease (cGVHD), a life-threatening complication 
that can occur after a stem cell or bone marrow transplant, when 
newly transplanted donor cells attack the transplant recipient’s 
body. Transplant is sometimes used to treat children with 
hemoglobin problems such as sickle cell anemia or thalassemia 
and for children suffering from leukemia.

Additionally, Johnson & Johnson Innovation entered into new 
collaborations to advance research in specialist oncology fields:

•   Seeking new cancer treatments: Janssen Oncology and 

Hangzhou DAC Biotechnology, a discovery and clinical stage 
biotechnology company, formed a research collaboration and 
license agreement with an aim to discover and develop novel 
antibody drug conjugate candidates for up to five targets 
using DAC Biotechnology’s expertise and innovative platform 
combined with Janssen Oncology’s proprietary antibodies. This 
research collaboration will focus on prostate cancer, hematologic 
malignancies and solid tumor targeted therapy to help maximize 
the impact of early stage research to meet the significant unmet 
need in cancer-related healthcare challenges.

•   Optimizing CAR cell treatment: Janssen Biotech formed a 

research collaboration with Serotiny, a gene and cell therapy 
development company, to leverage Serotiny’s multi-protein 
domain discovery platform and Janssen’s antibody development 
and cell therapy expertise to create next-generation CAR-based 
cell therapies. This collaboration has the potential to advance 
scientific innovation to develop next-generation cellular therapies 
with improved therapeutic function and enhanced clinical benefit 
that could positively impact the lives of patients and families.

40

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Pharmaceutical R&D

Immunology

We seek to redefine the standard of care for people living with 
immune-mediated diseases by focusing on unmet patient need 
and actionable science. Two key products for the autoimmune 
community, STELARA (ustekinumab) and TREMFYA (guselkumab), 
made progress in 2022:

•   STELARA received FDA approval for treatment of pediatric 

patients aged six years and older with active psoriatic  
arthritis (PsA).

•   TREMFYA celebrated its five-year milestone of the approval 
of this treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis. In 2022, 
Janssen published a comprehensive analysis, demonstrating that 
TREMFYA ranked highest among all approved therapies for skin 
clearance in the treatment of PsA. 

We advanced critical research in immune-mediated inflammatory 
diseases (IMID) such as Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis (UC) and 
PsA. We progressed our work studying oral cytokine inhibitors as 
a new form of treatment for people living with IMIDs with a Phase 
2b trial for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. 
What’s more, our investigational novel combination therapy of 
guselkumab (IL-23) and golimumab (TNF) also showed promising 
results for the treatment of UC.

A pathway approach where you could potentially 
treat multiple diseases, rare or prevalent, with one 
mechanism is really exciting because you can bring a 
therapy to more patients, quicker and more efficiently. 
We are very excited about the potential of nipocalimab 
to bring relief to patients suffering from these 
devastating diseases.

Katie Abouzahr M.D.
Vice President, Portfolio Development Leader, 
Autoantibody, Janssen R&D

Building on our legacy of leadership in immunology innovation, 
Janssen is investigating a targeted treatment, nipocalimab, 
to address the underlying cause of antibody-driven disease. 
Nipocalimab is being investigated in maternal fetal diseases, rare 
diseases and prevalent rheumatologic diseases, where unmet need 
is high and, in some cases, no therapy is currently available.

Neuroscience   

Janssen intends to reconceptualize the diagnosis and treatment 
of nervous system disorders with the aim to reduce the burden 
and disability experienced by patients worldwide. Researchers 
at Janssen are pioneering multiple approaches in neuroscience 
to reduce the disability caused by serious neuropsychiatric, 
neurodegenerative and central nervous system autoantibody 
diseases while extending scientific advances in precision medicine: 

Alzheimer’s disease (AD): We are leading the way to revolutionize 
AD with a differentiated tau portfolio that employs the latest 
advancements in precision medicine, data science and digital 
health to use unique biomarkers to speed earlier diagnosis, drug 
development and decision making. 

Our biomarker team developed and is evaluating a blood test to 
predict central amyloid positivity and tau status—indicators of 
AD—with high accuracy. We are also developing novel digital 
biomarkers in collaboration with leading technology firms. For 
example, together with ki:elements, we are piloting speech 
biomarker technology using AI and machine learning to identify 
abnormalities in speech patterns that may be predictive of  
early disease. 

Depression: Our neuroscience team is leading the charge against 
the most serious forms of depression, a mental health condition 
that places a heavy burden on society, affecting millions of patients 
worldwide. We launched the first new mechanism in decades, 
SPRAVATO (esketamine) CIII nasal spray, for use in conjunction 
with an oral antidepressant in March 2019 for adults with treatment 
resistant depression, and in August 2020 for depressive symptoms 
in adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) with acute suicidal 
ideation or behavior. In addition, Janssen is advancing drug 
candidates with novel mechanisms of action for depression, including 
aticaprant and seltorexant. Altogether, these efforts aim to provide 
patients with more potential options for combating depression.

Myasthenia gravis (MG): This is a highly debilitating, rare 
autoantibody disease for which there currently is no cure 
and which can be difficult to diagnose. We are investigating 
nipocalimab to address a range of serious autoantibody-mediated 
diseases, including MG. Results from our Phase 2 study with 
nipocalimab in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) 
showed a rapid, robust and sustained clinical response over 
placebo. The Phase 3 trial in adults and Phase 2 study in children 
are underway.

Cardiovascular, Metabolism & Retina   

The Cardiovascular, Metabolism & Retina therapeutic area covers 
some of the most common causes of death, such as cardiovascular 
disease, and many other life-threatening conditions that 
significantly impact overall health, including chronic kidney disease 
and retinal diseases.

In 2022, we announced the results of our Phase 2 AXIOMATIC-
Secondary Stroke Prevention study of milvexian, a novel oral 
anitcoagulant, which enrolled more than 2,000 patients with a 
primary ischemic stroke. Early stroke recurrence after ischemic 
stroke remains a significant risk despite advances in secondary 
prevention. The data from the AXIOMATIC-Secondary Stroke 
Prevention study showed an approximate 30% relative risk 
reduction in recurrent symptomatic ischemic strokes and a 
favorable safety profile in three arms of the study compared to 
placebo. This suggests that milvexian has potential to improve 
outcomes for stroke patients in clinical practice. These results, 
along with findings from the AXIOMATIC-TKR study, set the stage 
for our comprehensive Phase 3 program. 

We also received encouraging results from a Phase 1/2 
study evaluating investigational gene therapy botaretigene 
sparoparvovec for the treatment of X-linked retinitis pigmentosa 
(XLRP), a rare condition that causes progressive vision loss, starting 
in childhood with night blindness and leading to legal blindness by 
middle age. Using gene therapy approaches we are also advancing 
candidate therapeutics for common ocular diseases, including 
geographic atrophy.

41

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation MedTech Innovation

For more than a century, we have harnessed the power of technology and breakthrough innovation 
to elevate new standards of care. In surgery, orthopaedics, heart rhythm disorders, eye health, 
neurovascular care and other fields, we help save and improve lives and create a future where 
healthcare solutions are smarter, less invasive, and more personalized.  

In a period of expansion and innovation, J&J MedTech delivered 
more than 30 significant product launches in the past two years, 
bringing advanced medical technologies to more people around 
the world.

J&J MedTech has nurtured the connection between 
healthcare professionals and the latest technologies 
to improve and save lives. R&D is at the forefront of 
patient care, uniquely positioned as a catalyst that can 
drive and scale progress.

MedTech Innovation

Ahmet Tezel
Company Group Chairman and Global Head  
of MedTech Innovation and R&D, Johnson & Johnson

•   DePuy Synthes specializes in orthopaedics solutions to help heal 
and restore movement for millions of patients. In China, working 
with Johnson & Johnson’s 3D Printing Group, DePuy Synthes is 
bringing to the Chinese market a highly personalized 3D-printed 
cranial implant made from a thermoplastic polymer. 3D execution 
enables the availability of these critical implants at a much lower 
cost and with shorter lead times than implants manufactured 
traditionally to help ensure that every surgery is safe, precise and 
time efficient. Production of the cranial implants is now up and 
running at the DePuy Synthes Suzhou Manufacturing Plant.

•   Ethicon continued to advance a next-generation treatment option 

for lung tumors to minimize the impact of surgery for patients 
and allow for speedier recovery. Ethicon’s solution is through 
transbronchial microwave ablation using its NEUWAVE FLEX 
Microwave Ablation System guided by its MONARCH Platform. 
Ethicon’s clinical trial for patients with lung tumors, the POWER 
study, aims to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of 
this innovative approach. In December 2022, a milestone was 
achieved with the first patient successfully treated as part of the 
POWER study.

New patient-centered innovation: Across our wide range of 
innovative surgical technologies and solutions for patients and 
HCPs, we seek continuous improvement to deliver better patient 
outcomes with safety, efficiency and reliability. Examples from 
2022 include:

•   Part of J&J MedTech’s DePuy Synthes’ VELYS Digital Surgery 
Platform, CUPTIMIZE Hip-Spine Analysis is the latest surgical 
planning feature in VELYS Hip Navigation. It is a simple, x-ray-
based digital tool that uses patient specific data to help surgeons 
assess dislocation risk and identify patients with abnormal pelvic 
tilt who may require unique cup placement or dual mobility design.

A 3D-printed cranial plate sample produced by Johnson & Johnson’s  
3D Printing Group.

•   J&J MedTech’s Ethicon franchise received FDA clearance for 

urology procedures using the MONARCH Endoscopic Robotic 
Platform. MONARCH is now the first and only multispecialty, 
flexible robotic solution for use in both bronchoscopy and urology.

Toward the close of December 2022, we completed our acquisition 
of Abiomed, Inc., a world leader in heart recovery solutions and 
the creator of the world’s first totally implantable artificial heart. 
Abiomed brings a rich history of innovation in cardiovascular care 
that complements our existing leadership in the diagnosis and 
treatment of cardiac arrhythmias through our Biosense Webster 
electrophysiology business.

Advancing treatment of stroke: We collaborate with physicians and 
academics and invest in scientific research to advance the treatment 
of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke. Stroke is a leading cause of 
death with 15 million people worldwide affected by stroke annually.47 
In 2022, Cerenovus, a J&J MedTech company, launched the 
EMBOGUARD Balloon Guide Catheter as part of the CERENOVUS 
Stroke Solutions suite of technologies. EMBOGUARD is designed to 
optimize the removal of blood clots by controlling blood flow locally 
during thrombectomy procedures. Balloon guide catheters have 
been shown to increase the ability to restore blood flow after one 
pass, reduce procedure time, and reduce the odds of clot fragments 
breaking off and causing new ischemic events.48

47 WHO, “Stroke, Cerebrovascular accident,” https://www.emro.who.int/health-topics/stroke-cerebrovascular-accident/index.html, accessed April 2023. 48 J&J MedTech, “CERENOVUS Launches EMBOGUARD™ Balloon Guide Catheter  
to Use In the Treatment of Acute Ischemic Stroke,” https://www.jnjmedtech.com/en-US/news-events/cerenovus-launches-emboguard-balloon-guide-catheter-use-treatment-acute-ischemic.

42

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Preventing and treating atrial fibrillation (AFib): We advanced 
solutions to address AFib with new products, research and 
awareness efforts to inform and help patients, including:

•   In Europe, Biosense Webster launched its first radiofrequency 
balloon ablation catheter, HELIOSTAR, to enable physicians 
in Europe to advance safe, effective and efficient treatment 
solutions for patients suffering from AFib. In Europe, catheter 
ablation is a recommended first-line treatment option.49 

•   OCTARAY Mapping Catheter was launched for mapping cardiac 

arrhythmias, including AFib, to assist physicians in capturing 
precise information for catheter ablation procedures with 
enhanced clarity and speed.

With more splines and electrodes, the increased 
surface area coverage and improved signal quality with 
the OCTARAY Mapping Catheter allows me to better 
understand the anatomy and conduction properties of 
the chamber of interest.

MedTech Innovation

Dr. Amit Thosani
Director of Cardiac Electrophysiology,  
Allegheny Health Network

AFib is the most frequent cardiac arrhythmia. It has been 
estimated that 6 to 12 million people worldwide will suffer 
with this condition in the U.S. by 2050 and 17.9 million people 
in Europe by 2060.50

•   In April 2022, Biosense Webster announced that the first patients 
were enrolled in the admIRE clinical trial in the U.S. to evaluate 
the safety and effectiveness of the company’s investigational 
Pulsed Field Ablation (PFA) platform, the principal components of 
which are the VARIPULSE catheter and the TRUPULSE generator, 
for the treatment of AFib. PFA represents a new approach to 
treating AFib, utilizing a controlled electric field—instead of 
thermal energy—to ablate and treat cardiac tissue, which could 
be an exciting advance for physicians and patients and may have 
a variety of benefits. Biosense Webster is working to bring a 
versatile portfolio of PFA solutions—complementary to our  
RF catheter portfolio—to address various ablation strategies in 
the treatment of AFib.

•   J&J MedTech company Biosense Webster, progressed research 

into AFib patient behaviors in North America to help inform 
ways to support AFib prevention and treatment by physicians 
and patients. Biosense Webster’s AFib PulseCheck Survey 
among adults diagnosed with AFib revealed that, despite fears 
and anxiety about AFib, patients delayed seeking treatment, 
and many ended up in the emergency room due to AFib. These 
insights provide clues as to how best to promote AFib behavior 
change, especially among high-risk patients. 

•   In China, Biosense Webster supported a new Starlight AFib 

Public Awareness Campaign to help popularize knowledge on the 
prevention and treatment of AFib. As the top cause of death for 
the elderly, cardiovascular diseases are becoming a major health 
threat to Chinese people.

•   Biosense Webster built the largest online patient community with 

the global Get Smart About AFib campaign. In the U.S. alone, there 
are more than 100,000 participants. This effort is dedicated to 
educating patients, caregivers and healthcare providers about AFib 
signs, symptoms and treatment options, including catheter ablation. 

Starlight Action is a long-term education project on 
cardiovascular and cerebrovascular health, which 
aims to pull strengths of all parties to popularize  
AFib-related knowledge and advocate a healthy 
lifestyle for the entire population.

Sun Zhiwei
Chairman, Beijing Bethune Charitable Foundation

49 Hindricks G, Potpara T, Dagres N, et al, “2020 ESC Guidelines for the diagnosis and management of atrial fibrillation developed in 
collaboration with the European Association for Cardio-Thoracic Surgery (EACTS),” Euro Heart J, 2021 Feb 1;42(5):373-498, https://
pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32860505, accessed February 2023. 50 Lippi G, Sanchis-Gomar S, and Cervallin G, “Global epidemiology of 
atrial fibrillation: An increasing epidemic and public health challenge,” Int J Stroke, 2021 Feb;16(2):217-221, https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.
gov/31955707, accessed February 2023.

43

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Data Science & Digital Health

At Johnson & Johnson, we view innovation in data science and digital health as a critical engine of our 
long-term business success and the foundation of our positive contribution to sustainable development 
and an equitable and inclusive society.  

clinical trials and subsequently deployed for screening patients 
across clinical sites. This marks an important advancement in 
medicine and data science, demonstrating the potential for more 
rapid, optimized care for patients in need.

Across our sectors, we combine innovative technologies with 
leading science to deliver care in groundbreaking new ways. With 
a vast and diverse portfolio of digitally powered treatments and 
solutions, we aim to keep people well at every age and stage of life.

data science projects spanning our top development portfolio assets, 
we are driving transformational innovation and impact for patients. 

We shape the future of healthcare by unlocking 
the power of people, technology and insights. Just 
as doctors use scalpels and stethoscopes, we use 
connected data, automation, AI and robotics to change 
patients’ lives. Through digital, we build more agile, 
adaptive, efficient and sustainable processes across 
our business, and we apply tech for good to further 
advance health and well-being for people around  
the world.

Jim Swanson
Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, 
Johnson & Johnson

Data science and digital health in  
Pharmaceutical R&D

The potential of data science and digital health to revolutionize 
healthcare is immense. As the largest, most diversified healthcare 
products company, Johnson & Johnson is using data science 
and digital health to reimagine the discovery and development 
of medicines and advance our mission of bringing transformative 
treatments and vaccines to patients around the world. These 
methods are fundamentally shaping the way we think, work and 
solve problems across our R&D portfolio. Through more than 100 

At Johnson & Johnson, we are continually evolving 
how we innovate to stretch the boundaries of what’s 
possible. We’re combining the latest in data science 
and digital health with our deep expertise in science 
to develop game-changing solutions that tackle some 
of the toughest health challenges—all with the goal 
of improving patient outcomes and changing the 
trajectory of healthcare.

Najat Khan, Ph.D.
Chief Data Science Officer and Global Head,  
Strategy & Operations, Janssen R&D

The application of data science and digital health in our 
pharmaceutical R&D programs is helping to transform how we 
innovate. Examples from among the many ways that AI, ML and 
other data science methods are being leveraged include:

•   Bladder cancer trial recruitment: Janssen established a 

collaboration with Paige, a global leader in clinical AI applications 
in pathology, to deploy a first-of-its-kind, AI-powered biomarker 
test, developed by Janssen, to screen for the presence of certain 
alterations in the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) genes 
in patients with advanced urothelial cancer, also known as 
bladder cancer. The goal is to provide physicians with insights 
to help tailor patients’ treatment plans and facilitate clinical trial 
recruitment. The biomarker test was validated through Janssen 

•   Early detection of pulmonary hypertension (PH): The FDA 

granted Breakthrough Device Designation for an AI-enhanced, 
Pulmonary Hypertension Early Detection Algorithm, developed 
in collaboration between Janssen; Anumana, a health technology 
company; and Mayo Clinic. The algorithm is a precise, non-
invasive screening tool that could help address the unmet need 
for earlier diagnosis of patients with PH, which may otherwise  
go unnoticed until the disease has advanced to the point of 
limiting treatment efficacy. Downloadable by a physician to a digital 
device or accessed via the cloud, the algorithm will be accessible 
for broad-scale use in early detection of PH, if approved. 

•   Engaging patients remotely to study immune-mediated 

skin conditions: We launched a remote immunodermatology 
observational study to capture more than 100,000 images from 
patients living with immune-mediated skin diseases to support 
the development of AI algorithms needed for creating objective 
measures of disease severity on diverse skin types. In our study, 
patients used their smartphone to capture photos of their skin 
over time, creating a unique data set with the volume required for 
detailed analysis. Currently, the severity of immune-mediated skin 
conditions is measured by doctors using the naked eye, which 
may lead to high variability in severity assessment. In this digitally 
enabled remote study, we are generating new ways of assessing 
immune-mediated skin conditions, enabling improved treatment 
solutions in the future. Moreover, by offering the ability to assess 
skin conditions remotely, technology is helping to reduce the 
burden on patients who otherwise would be required to take time 
from work and family to visit a doctor’s office or clinical center.  
This is one example of how Johnson & Johnson is leveraging 
digital tools to help improve clinical trial diversity by reducing the 
burden of participation in clinical studies.

44

Data Science & Digital Health

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation •   Enabling healthcare self-management: In 2022, we developed 
a disease-agnostic, digital health platform and initiated the first 
clinical study utilizing the platform in collaboration with the 
University of Nairobi (UoN) and local tech company, the Savannah 
Global Health Institute. The platform, called myCareHub, is 
being tested with young people living with HIV in Kenya and 
was integrated into the clinical sites managed by UoN under the 
Kenyan health system. It was developed to educate, empower 
and provide remote support for patients to manage their own 
health by linking their medical records into a secure digital 
vehicle, facilitating engagement with their HCP and connections 
to other patients. Janssen has made myCareHub available via a 
non-exclusive, royalty-free license to UoN. The experience  
gained will help guide further development of the platform and 
lay a foundation for potential future implementation across  
other regions.

Delivering medical technology intelligence

The future of medical technology will be smarter, less invasive, and 
more personalized. Digital technology is helping enable this future, 
delivering data intelligence for personalized patient outcomes, 
more focused precision and efficiency in the operating room and 
accelerated innovation across the industry. Advanced analytics 
and data science practices are impacting the medtech industry, 
as connected devices, robotics and software solutions generate 
valuable, connected data. In MedTech, we are embracing the 
power of data science to transform the way we help deliver more 
personalized healthcare for better patient outcomes, as well as the 
way we run our business.

•   Improving AFib treatment: Due to the complexity of AFib and 
a myriad of decentralized data, cardiac electrophysiologists 
and manufacturers struggle to generate consistent results 
across patients and operators. Biosense Webster introduced 
CARTONET, the first cloud-based data management system that 
has the potential to improve procedure efficiency and outcomes. 
Using a deep learning algorithm, CARTONET evaluates patterns, 
enabling physicians to assess their performance more easily. 
CARTONET is compatible with CARTO, Biosense Webster’s 
3D mapping system that integrates all our electrophysiology 
mapping and ablation catheters.

Healthcare has a new place on the world’s map. In 
times of crisis, our industry demonstrated that we 
can unify the world with a common purpose. We 
have brought together the best minds in science, 
engineering, supply chain, and public health to meet 
the evolving needs of patients and health systems 
around the world – and we won’t stop here. J&J 
MedTech will continue to deliver innovation and 
advance a more modern, connected, digitally-enabled 
and representative health system – with the patient at 
the center.

Ashley McEvoy
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman,  
MedTech, Johnson & Johnson

•   Improving efficiency and accuracy of knee surgery: DePuy 

Synthes uses ML to right-size total knee arthroplasty (TKA) and 
total hip arthroplasty (THA) implants. By creating and deploying 
ML-driven predictions for TKA and THA procedures using direct 
customer electronic medical records, DePuy Synthes can tailor 
the list of required components to meet the need of each specific 
surgery, rather than delivering all possible standard sizes. This 
makes surgery coordination more efficient and accurate.

•   Automating imaging for improved eye disease diagnosis: 

Using a custom-designed, ML- and AI-driven device, Johnson & 
Johnson Vision has automated the processing of meibomian gland 
(MG) imaging, leading to better understanding of a patient’s MG 
disease. MGs produce meibum, an oily substance that prevents 
evaporation of the eye’s tear film, necessary for full eye health. 
Connecting the new device to Johnson & Johnson Vision’s 
LIPISCAN imager enables consistent evaluation of a patient’s MG 
disease based on real-world outcomes, enabling better diagnosis 
and medical intervention. 

Empowering our teams for digital innovation

As a large and diverse organization, applying digital tools across 
many dimensions of our work in digital health and processes, we 
invest in sharing our work and progress internally, encouraging 
learning and reapplication of successful ideas and creating 
awareness for the latest technologies among our teams. In 2022, 
Johnson & Johnson’s Data Science Council published its internal 
Data Science Business Impact Report showcasing the most 
compelling examples of how teams from R&D, commercial, supply 
chain and Enterprise functions are working to make the promise 
and potential of data science a reality. 

We also held our annual Janssen R&D Data Science & Digital Health 
Symposium, bringing together more than 2,000 colleagues for two 
days of discussion and presentations on how Janssen R&D is using 
data science and digital health as a transformational force in medicine 
and for patients. More than 75 data science and digital health projects 
were showcased at the Symposium, and more than 200 speakers, 
including experts from across industry, startups and academia as well 
as Johnson & Johnson executives, shared their insights.

We want our employees to be fluent in the language 
of data science. We can only achieve this goal through 
personalized learning and development opportunities 
that support the upskilling of critical capabilities 
needed to be most effective in an increasingly  
digital world.

Peter Fasolo, Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Chief Human  
Resources Officer, Johnson & Johnson

45

Data Science & Digital Health

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Innovation Through Collaboration

Johnson & Johnson Innovation accelerates early stage innovation through strategic partnership. 
By connecting the best science and technology entrepreneurs to our global resources and 
expertise, we take on the world’s toughest healthcare challenges and aim to improve the health 
of everyone, everywhere. 

We connect potential collaborators to world-leading resources 
and aim to support them to advance transformation science and 
technology across the spectrum of pharmaceutical, medical 
devices and consumer healthcare. Similarly, we collaborate 
widely across many groups, partnerships, consortia and research 
agreements to accelerate progress in ways that no company can 
achieve alone.

As we prepare for the future, we at Johnson & Johnson 
feel our efforts will require new ideas, a new generation 
of entrepreneurs and the deployment of new tools for 
scientific inquiry to generate, aggregate and analyze 
data; develop insights; and test hypotheses that could 
inform the development of new ways to prevent, 
intercept and cure disease.

William N. Hait, M.D., Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation and 
Medical Officer, Johnson & Johnson

Activating health innovators and entrepreneurs through our JLABS 
QuickFire Challenges is an effective way to advance research and 
practical innovation to address a range of unmet medical needs. 
The QuickFire Challenge is a crowdsourcing platform committed to 
identifying and cultivating potential health solutions to change the 
trajectory of healthcare.

Many QuickFire Challenges champion health equity by seeking to 
identify potential solutions that serve historically under-resourced 
communities and reaching a wide range of diverse scientists, 
researchers and innovators from around the world.

In 2022, 10 new QuickFire Challenges were launched  
and four challenges from 2021 were completed. 

Our Advancing Health Equity QuickFire Challenge received 
submissions focused on enabling inclusive clinical trial design  
and equitable clinical decision making, implementing community-
based early diagnostics and education of patients and providers 
to advance health equity. Three awardees received grant funding 
from a total pool of $400,000, access to the global JLABS network 
and mentorship from experts across Johnson & Johnson. 

QuickFire Challenge awardees in 2022 included 35%  
women-led teams and 20% teams led by people of color.  
Four QuickFire Challenges launched in 2022 were specifically 
health equity focused, with grant funding from a total pool  
of $1.55 million awarded to 14 teams. 

Our 2022 Maternal-Fetal Immune Disorders QuickFire Challenge: 
Innovating for Health Equity sought to improve immune-mediated 
pregnancy outcomes in mothers and children from BIPOC 
communities. The challenge awarded a total of $500,000 in grant 
funding to two promising organizations that aim to advance health 
equity by addressing unmet medical needs in pregnancy care.

Our 2022 Vets QuickFire Challenge: Lung Cancer & Physical 
Trauma reflected our commitment to keeping veterans healthy 
and advancing healthcare innovation for the benefit of the military 
community. The Challenge sought ideas to directly address the 
unique healthcare needs of the military community, including lung 
cancer and physical trauma, and made grants totaling $500,000 
to six awardees, three focusing on lung cancer and three offering 
solutions to address physical trauma.

Seoul Innovation QuickFire Challenge: In September 2022, Seoul 
Innovation QuickFire Challenge awardees siRNAgen Therapeutics 
and Portrai were recognized at the Seoul International Biomedical 
Conference. To help advance their science, both companies received 
KRW 75,000,000 in grant funding, two years of residency at the 
Seoul Bio Hub, access to Johnson & Johnson Innovation’s APAC 
ecosystem and mentorship from experts across Johnson & Johnson.

Promoting diversity in healthcare startups: Through our  
Johnson & Johnson Innovation ecosystem, we are empowering 
healthcare startups to embrace DEI in the early stages of their 
company’s life—when they are creating their identity, research 
focus and approach, and culture. To this end, in 2022, we introduced 
the Johnson & Johnson Innovation Health Equity Assessment 
Tool (HEAT) to more than 550 Johnson & Johnson Innovation 
collaborating companies as a voluntary survey designed to help early 
stage innovators benchmark their health equity maturity and how 
they are considering health disparities in their company leadership, 
potential healthcare solutions and delivery. The self-assessment 
is paired with the Johnson & Johnson Innovation Health Equity 
e-Learning Module to raise awareness and help establish a baseline 
understanding before completion. The e-Learning Module is also 
available to the public. 

We also introduced the Johnson & Johnson Innovation Board Fellows 
program, a one-year, multifaceted education, executive coaching and 
mentorship program that will help strengthen our diverse candidacy 
for potential board leadership positions. In June 2022, the inaugural 
class of five Johnson & Johnson Innovation Board Fellows began their 
one-year program. The Board Fellows are paired with JJDC mentors 
to help them further understand developmental opportunities and 
achieve their full potential as potential Board Directors.

46

Innovation Through Collaboration 

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesDEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Diversity, Equity & Inclusion in Clinical Trials

Johnson & Johnson has made diversity, equity and inclusion in clinical trials a priority to help create 
transformational therapies that work for all patients. 

An important step on our journey to achieving health equity is 
ensuring everyone has the opportunity to participate in clinical 
research, should it be right for them.

Underrepresented populations face a variety of barriers that 
impact clinical trial enrollment, including fear and mistrust, lack of 
awareness and logistical challenges. Through structured processes 
to examine and advance DEI in clinical trials, including multiple 
partnerships for enhancing awareness and building trust among 
under-resourced and underrepresented communities, we hope to 
change the trajectory of health disparities in clinical research.

According to the FDA, 75% of clinical trial participants for 
new molecular entities and therapeutic biologics approved 
in 2020 were white, 8% were Black or African American, 6% 
were Asian and 11% were Hispanic.51

In 2022, our Janssen Diversity, Equity & Inclusion in Clinical 
Trials (DEICT) team created a template to embed diversity into 
the clinical trial process. The template is relevant for all Janssen 
therapeutic areas and covers dimensions of diversity including race, 
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation and socioeconomic factors. 
Using this template, and insights from Janssen’s Research Includes 
Me initiative, equitable representation in clinical trials can be 
strengthened.

Research Includes Me meets communities where they are with 
educational materials, connects patients to current trials and 
partners with advocacy groups to understand these communities’ 
needs and build trust in the safety of clinical trials and the healthcare 
system overall. In 2022, Research Includes Me connected more 
than 84 million people to messages on the importance of diverse 
representation in clinical research through its website, co-hosted 
and multilingual events and participation at community events with 
Mobile Health vans. 

   Learn more about Research Includes Me. 

In 2022, our DEICT team completed a clinical trial diversity plan 
across all Janssen’s therapeutic areas that includes supporting local 
markets and a metrics reporting dashboard to help guide further 
progress. This approach also aligns with anticipated FDA initiatives 
to expand action and disclosure on clinical trial diversity. Within 
Janssen, different research teams demonstrate their commitment 
in each area. For example, the Janssen Immunology DEI Working 
Group formulated its specific DEI strategy and made progress 
by hiring racially and ethnically diverse leaders for Janssen R&D, 
enhancing culturally relevant training, hosting speaker events 
on racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare and engaging in 
innovation and partnerships to promote inclusive research.

Janssen was one of the first organizations to proactively submit a 
diversity plan to the FDA for an oncology trial, well ahead of the 
regulatory body’s new guidance on initiatives to expand action 
and disclosure on clinical trial diversity. The FDA’s commitment to 
prioritizing diversity in clinical research has the potential to better 
connect regulatory approaches with the industry’s broader health 
equity goals, which will help Janssen deliver on its mission to 
create a future where disease is a thing of the past.

Improving representation in cancer clinical trials: Janssen 
Oncology supports enhancing clinical research capabilities in 
Africa through collaboration with the African Access Initiative 
(AAI), a public-private partnership driven by the BIO Ventures for 
Global Health, a nonprofit that accelerates R&D for poverty-related 
diseases in Africa and addresses the disparity in representation of 
Africans in cancer clinical trials. Janssen Oncology’s support for 
AAI began in 2022 with the initial assessment of access to cancer 
care in 10 hospitals in five African countries, patient education and 
community awareness programs, as well as training programs for 
more than 2,000 HCPs on cancer diagnosis and treatment.

Janssen Oncology provided a $5 million grant to Stand Up To 
Cancer, a nonprofit organization supporting cancer research, to 
support the development of innovative approaches to removing 
barriers to clinical trial participation for patients of all racial and 
ethnic backgrounds, as well as patients in medically under-
resourced communities.  

As one of the leading funders in cancer research, Stand 
Up To Cancer believes it is critical to ensure that the 
lack of diverse representation in cancer clinical trials is 
addressed. This is a national imperative that we cannot 
turn away from. We need fresh ideas that help to innovate 
and redesign the cancer clinical research enterprise to 
include communities that have long been left out.

Russell Chew
President and CEO, Stand Up To Cancer

Janssen Oncology provided a grant of $3 million to the American 
Cancer Society to fund its Navigating Patients Across the Care and 
Treatment Continuum program. Janssen’s contribution will support 
collaboration with 20 health systems over three years, enhancing 
the oncology patient experience and addressing barriers to 
enrollment for underrepresented or marginalized communities.    

Accelerating diversity in MedTech research: J&J MedTech is 
taking steps to improve meaningful representation in clinical 
studies leading to better products and better outcomes. In 2022, 
we developed our policy position on Diversity in Research & Clinical 
Trials (U.S.) outlining our call for policies that reduce barriers 
to participation. We also continue to support the ‘Diversifying 
Investigations Via Equitable Research Studies for Everyone 
(DIVERSE) Trials Act’, introduced in the U.S. House and Senate in 
2021, which provides expanded legal authority for companies to 
diversify their clinical trials. As a founding sponsor of MedTech 
Color, J&J MedTech helps advance the representation of persons  
of color in the medtech industry.

51 Drug Trials Snapshots Report (2020), https://www.fda.gov/media/145718/download, accessed February 2023.

47

DEI in Clinical Trials

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration Frontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceConsumer HealthAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Consumer Health

In 2021, we announced our intention to separate Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer Health business 
and to create a new publicly traded company that would take its place as a leader at the 
intersection of healthcare and consumer goods. 

The new company, named Kenvue, is committed to helping 
consumers realize the extraordinary power of everyday care. At 
Kenvue, combining the power of science with meaningful human 
insights and digital-first capabilities empowers more than one billion 
people to live healthier lives every day. Kenvue’s portfolio of iconic 
brands is built for moments that uniquely matter to consumers and 
drives positive health outcomes around the world. 

Thibaut Mongon, formerly the Worldwide Chairman, Consumer 
Health for Johnson & Johnson, serves as Chief Executive Officer 
of Kenvue. We remain on track to complete the separation in 2023, 
subject to market conditions. 

The name Kenvue is inspired by two powerful ideas: “ken,” 
meaning knowledge, and “vue,” referencing sight. With rich 
knowledge of human needs and deep consumer insights, 
Kenvue will deliver meaningful, personal health solutions.

Kenvue, the planned new Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health company, 
announces its purpose: Realize the Extraordinary Power of Everyday Care.

Alongside preparation to establish Kenvue as a standalone 
company, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health has advanced its 
mission to improve total health for all—for individuals at every age 
and stage of life, for communities and for our planet. Supported by 
an $800 million investment, our Healthy Lives Mission aims to: 

•   fight preventable diseases through impactful education and 
partnerships, starting with smoking cessation and skin cancer 
prevention; 

•   enhance product transparency to help consumers make more 

informed choices about personal health products; and 

•   improve the sustainability of our products and operations by 

using more recycled materials, making packaging easier to recycle 
or reuse and powering operations with renewable electricity.

Progress in advancing our Healthy Lives Mission in 2022 included:

Promoting skin cancer awareness: Neutrogena’s In the Sun 
in-school program brought skin cancer prevention awareness to 
more than 150,000 students across the U.S. throughout 2021 and 
2022. Following the release of Neutrogena Studios’ award-winning, 
feature-length documentary film, In the Sun, in 2021 to elevate 
awareness and understanding of sun safety and skin cancer for all 
skin types and colors, more than 2,000 schools have participated in 
the in-school education program over two years. Feedback from the 
in-school program amongst school students surveyed is that 55% of 
students said they will change their sun safety habits as a result of 
watching the film. 

Globally in 2020, more than 1.5 million cases of skin cancers 
were diagnosed and more than 120,000 skin cancer-associated 
deaths were reported.52

GRI J&J22-11

Supporting smoking cessation: NICORETTE brought the first 
nicotine replacement therapy to market more than 40 years ago 
and—backed by more than 50 years of research and innovation—
remains committed to eradicating smoking. In 2022, Johnson & 
Johnson Consumer Health continued to support smoking cessation 
by joining the launch event of the WHO Tobacco Cessation 
Consortium. The Consortium is a public-private coalition to support 
the WHO’s work on tobacco cessation worldwide. Our participation 
in this consortium builds on NICORETTE’s previous support of the 
WHO’s Access Initiative to Quit Tobacco, which delivered positive 
results in terms of smokers who quit completely. NICORETTE has 
donated more than $1.5 million worth of NICORETTE patches to 
help people quit smoking.

Only 30% of the world’s 1.3 billion tobacco users have access  
to the tools to help them to quit successfully.53

Advocating for menstrual dignity: In 2022, STAYFREE joined 
UNICEF for another year to promote education about menstrual 
hygiene and address menstrual poverty in Brazil.

More than 11 million people are directly affected by menstrual 
poverty in Brazil, and 94% of low-income women do not know 
what menstrual poverty is.54

Access to menstrual hygiene is a public health issue, as well as a 
human rights issue, according to the UN.55 Many women, especially 
those in low-income regions, live in menstrual poverty, which means 
lack of basic access to buy hygiene products and often lack of 
access to water and sanitation. In 2022, STAYFREE joined UNICEF 
for another year to address menstrual poverty in Brazil. Between 
2021 and 2022, STAYFREE donated two sanitation pads in menstrual 
hygiene kits distributed by UNICEF to 45,000 teenagers in Brazil 
and supported educational outreach widely across the country. Also, 
in India, STAYFREE continued its “It’s just a period” campaign to 
normalize the topic of menstruation in India, leveraging Daughters 
Day for a second year as an occasion to destigmatize the first period 
experience, especially in many households where menstruation 
is still considered taboo, by educating and involving other family 
members for support. 

52  WHO, “Ultraviolet radiation,” https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/ultraviolet-radiation, accessed February 2023. 53 WHO, “WHO Director-General approves tobacco cessation consortium,” https://www.who.int/news/item/05-11-2021-
tobacco-cessation-consortium, accessed February 2023. 54  According to research commissioned by STAYFREE, in partnership with the Kyra Institute and MosaicLab, 2021. 55 UN WOMEN, “Towards gender equality through sanitation access,” https://www.
unwomen.org/en/digital-library/publications/2016/3/towards-gender-equality-through-sanitation-access, accessed February 2023.

48

Consumer Health

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation  
Expanding product transparency for consumers: Johnson & 
Johnson Consumer Health expanded its product transparency 
dashboard across several of our leading Consumer Health brands, 
helping empower consumers to make informed choices about the 
personal care products they use and rely on. Our transparency 
dashboard for consumers, launched in 2021, includes product-
specific information about ingredients, science and sustainability 
to meet consumer needs. In 2022, we expanded the product 
transparency dashboard across several of our Consumer Health 
brands, tailoring information to the needs of consumers on a  
brand-by-brand basis. JOHNSON’S Baby also unveiled this 
dashboard in leading global markets outside the U.S., namely  
Brazil, Canada and the UK.

Improving packaging sustainability: We are advancing our Healthy 
Lives Mission by taking important steps to reduce the environmental 
impact of our personal care product packaging by using less virgin 
plastic and increasing our use of recycled materials while improving 
the recyclability and reusability of our packaging. These efforts 
align with our Consumer Health Packaging targets and support our 
participation as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New 
Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

In alignment with our target to eliminate 100% of polystyrene jars 
and black plastic bottles from our global portfolio, we ceased 
sourcing packaging components with this resin material in 2022.  
In addition, we improved the sustainability of several products 
and packaging, including: 

•   LISTERINE and OGX introduced innovative product formats, 
including mouthwash concentrates and shampoo bars, that 
reduce the need for packaging.

•   AVEENO, NEUTROGENA, JOHNSON’s Baby and LE PETIT 
MARSEILLAIS launched reuse and refill solutions to reduce 
plastic use compared to existing packaging.

•   o.b. introduced organic tampons made with 100% certified  

organic cotton and are 100% plastic free from top to string.     

•   CAREFREE launched Organic Cotton Topsheet Liners with  

100% certified organic cotton topsheet.

Several brands in our portfolio also increased the use of PCR  
plastic packaging materials and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®)-
certified paperboard.

Consumer Health

Consumer Health Sustainable Packaging Targets

Reduce our total 
annual use 
of virgin plastics in packaging 
weight by 25% by 2025 
compared to 2020, achieved 
through a combination of 
recycled plastic, plastic 
packaging reductions and 
more reuse models.

Eliminate 100% 
of polystyrene jars and black 
plastic bottles from our global 
portfolio by 2022.

Use 100% 
recyclable, reusable or 
compostable plastic 
packaging by 2025.

Use 100% 
certified or post-consumer 
recycled (PCR) paper and pulp-
based packaging by 2025. 

   Learn more about our progress as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur 
Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

   Learn more about Consumer Health advances in 
sustainable manufacturing and in environmental health.

Collaborating for greater impact: Johnson & Johnson Consumer 
Health collaborates with industry peers, NGOs and suppliers to 
advance our sustainability and transparency objectives. Some of our 
partnerships and collaborations in 2022 included:

•   The Animal-Free Safety Assessment (AFSA) Collaboration is a 
forum that brings the collective voice of nonprofit and industry 
leaders together in support of education and advocacy to help 
eliminate the need for animal testing for cosmetics. 

•   The EcoBeautyScore Consortium, an industry-led collaboration 
of more than 60 companies and associations to help consumers 
understand the environmental impact of cosmetic and personal 
care products through the launch of an environmental scoring 
system for cosmetic products to help inform consumer  
purchasing decisions. 

•   More than 160 companies and organizations across the packaging 
value chain, as part of the Digital Watermarks Initiative HolyGrail 
2.0, plan to assess whether a pioneering digital watermarking 
technology can enable better sorting and higher-quality recycling 
rates for packaging in the EU.

Additionally, to advance a circular economy and packaging 
sustainability, we continued our collaboration with several 
organizations, including the Consumer Goods Forum’s Plastics Waste 
Coalition of Action, the Closed Loop Infrastructure Fund and the 
A*STAR Institute of Materials Research and Engineering Circular 
Materials Lab, helping to develop new global industry design rules 
for sustainable packaging, expand the recycling infrastructure in 
North America and research circular flexible film packaging solutions 
respectively. 

49

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Global Health Equity  Learn more    Global SurgeryHIVPharmaceutical R&DMental HealthcareTuberculosisMedTech InnovationVisionEbolaData Science & Digital HealthOur Race to Health EquityNeglected Tropical DiseasesInnovation Through Collaboration DEI in Clinical TrialsFrontline Healthcare & CommunitiesAntimicrobial ResistanceAccessAdvancing Public HealthPandemics & EpidemicsHealthcare Innovation Our Employees

Employees Tiffani H. and Renee E. collaborate at our Tampa Global Services site.

5050

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Employee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-BeingEmployee Attraction & Development

Our employees at Johnson & Johnson around the world continue to be energized by Our Purpose 
to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. 
Every single one of our employees can make a difference—and with approximately 153,700 
individuals in all corners of the globe—that adds up to a huge impact.

Employee Attraction & Development

Attracting, developing, retaining and inspiring the best people 
globally is crucial to all aspects of Johnson & Johnson’s business. 
We promote a culture of respect, inclusion and excellence, 
inspired by Our Credo, so that the talent of every individual at 
Johnson & Johnson can be leveraged to ensure our Company, our 
communities and our environment, and each of us as individuals, 
can thrive and grow.

Global Workforce by Region*

51,829

31,322

By anticipating and developing critical capabilities 
across Johnson & Johnson, we can help accelerate 
business outcomes today and further future-proof our 
organization for any tomorrow. To do this effectively, 
we must create meaningful, personalized learning 
experiences that help shape highly capable leaders and 
empower our employees to chart individualized career 
paths that feed Our Purpose and theirs.

Peter Fasolo Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Chief Human  
Resources Officer, Johnson & Johnson

In 2022, our direct global workforce included approximately 
153,700 individuals. This includes approximately 25,000 new 
hires across our different regions, of whom 54% were women.

26,053

44,473

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

New Employee Hires by Region (%)**

33.2%

22.3%

25.2%

19.4%

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

* Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global Employee data, as well as 
other employee and DEI-related disclosures. ** Values have been rounded 
to the nearest tenth. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up 
precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect 
the absolute figures.

GRI 401-1, 401-2, 401-3, 404-2, 404-3, SASB HC-BP-330a.1, SASB HC-BP-330a.2 

Employee attraction 

Our recruitment efforts include outreach through a wide range 
of channels and partners to encourage a diverse representation 
of top qualified candidates. Employee referrals again generated 
a significant proportion of our hiring efforts, demonstrating 
employee confidence in Johnson & Johnson as an attractive 
workplace. Other areas of progress related to employee attraction 
and development in 2022 included:

Inspiring people to return to work after a career break: Re-Ignite  
is Johnson & Johnson’s global career reentry program that offers 
experienced professionals who have taken a break from their 
career for two or more years the opportunity to return to the 
workforce with specialized onboarding, networking and development 
activities. In addition to its ambition to support women in returning to 
STEM2D professions, Re-Ignite is a gender-inclusive program that, in 
2022, officially expanded its focus to include returning professionals 
both in and outside of STEM2D roles. 

Since its inception in 2017, Re-Ignite enabled professionals in 
13 countries across all four regions to return to the Johnson & 
Johnson workplace where they can continue their careers in 
meaningful roles.

I’m like a lot of women at the school gates; I’m highly 
skilled and educated, but I didn’t know how to break 
back into the workplace and didn’t have the self-
confidence either. In a sense, we are a hidden workforce. 
Re-Ignite provided the support structures I needed  
to help me adjust to returning to the workplace. After 
participating in the program, I found that I slotted back 
into the work environment; it was like I never left. This 
was very empowering. I felt relevant and that I hadn’t 
lost my skills.

Barbara McCarthy
Site PMO Manager, Johnson & Johnson Vision

51

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    Diversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-Being 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee Attraction & Development

Hiring military veterans: Alongside our appreciation for their valued 
service, we appreciate the unique skills and experience military 
veterans and military spouses bring to our business. We engage with 
government bodies and veteran support organizations to expand 
our hiring pathways for military veterans, and we offer veteran 
development programs to support transitioning to civilian life and 
work. In 2022, we made strong progress as an employer of choice  
for the military community:

•   Enhanced and expanded hiring and development opportunities 

through our sales and leadership programs. Johnson & Johnson’s 
Military Veteran Leadership Development program, launched in 
2017, has maintained 100% retention across all cohorts, totaling 
more than 40 veterans.    

•   Hired veterans through the Department of Defense SkillBridge 

program, which provides transitioning military service members 
with civilian work experience during their final six months in service. 
As part of this program, Johnson & Johnson offers internships to 
SkillBridge participants, and, in 2022, we completed our first full 
annual cycle of hiring, during which 90% of SkillBridge interns 
became Johnson & Johnson full-time employees. 

•   Reaffirmed our commitment to veteran and military spouse hiring 
through the Veteran Jobs Mission, a coalition that brings together 
hundreds of leading companies to actively hire veterans.  

Learning and development

We continue to invest heavily in a wide variety of learning and 
development programs that help employees realize their career 
goals while building a capable and resilient workforce for the 
future. Some examples from 2022 follow:

Delivering a new learning ecosystem: We launched J&J Learn, 
a global learning and development platform that integrates the 
curricula from our multiple learning organizations across the 
Enterprise, including leadership development programs, Human 
Performance Institute programs and more, to become the single 
source for all learning and development needs. By leveraging the 
latest technology, including AI, J&J Learn delivers a streamlined 
learning experience that is easy to access and navigate and enables 
every employee to incorporate learning into their daily practices 
while creating the career path that is right for them. J&J Learn 
includes learning programs, facilitates matching with mentors  
and holistic career review and development planning tools.

Advancing leadership development: We developed leadership 
skills at every level and career stage through on-demand content 
and innovative and personalized modules across our suite of 
leadership development programs, with many thousands of 
employees at all levels. 

We also completed our most significant people leader assessment 
of all time, with more than 7,500 people leaders receiving a report 
providing valuable feedback on their people leadership skills that 
will support their ongoing development and further empower  
them to help our organization deliver on its critical objectives.

100,000 learning 
programs 
J&J Learn hosts 
approximately 100,000 
learning programs 
available to employees.

27 hours 
Johnson & Johnson 
employees spent an 
average of 27 hours on 
training in 2022.

By embracing a learning mindset—both for ourselves 
and for our teams—we will be better able to anticipate 
and develop the critical capabilities needed to 
accelerate business outcomes and future-proof our 
organization while also providing rewarding career 
opportunities that allow employees to realize and  
pursue their unique purpose and aspirations.

Sandra Humbles
Chief Learning Officer, Johnson & Johnson

   Learn more about all our people development resources  
in our Position on Employee Development.

Learning and Development in 2022  
by the Numbers*

  $112 million 
total spend on employee 
learning and development

  1,832 

new leaders participated 
in our Enterprise Leader 
Development Program

  46% 

of Managers and above 
moved across functions, 
country or business 
segment lines, building 
diversity of experiences*

       1,185 
employees in the U.S. and 
Puerto Rico participated in 
the tuition reimbursement 
program

  100%

of employees completed
year-end performance 
reviews

  9%

voluntary turnover rate

* Career progression movement 
includes upward promotion and 
lateral transfer and excludes 
employees in the R&D organizations.

52

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    Diversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-Being 
Employee Attraction & Development

Building digital capabilities: To support the ever-expanding use 
of digital technologies and data science in almost every aspect of 
our work in every function of the business, we are heavily investing 
in building broad digital capabilities for our workforce. To focus 
our efforts and provide a common learning experience across 
Johnson & Johnson, we launched our Digital Upskilling Channel 
supported by “digital missions,” which are learning activations 
comprising various learning formats such as synchronous and 
asynchronous learning, quizzes and articles around one specific 
digital capability,  that provide teams with an effective, experiential 
learning opportunity. We supported this innovative approach with 
a playbook for local activation of digital missions. Additionally, 
Johnson & Johnson employees continued to access our iTalk 
Digital Education Series, developed by our Technology Division to 
teach digital topics with 130 iTalk videos available to all employees. 

Digital acumen continues to be a critical capability for 
Johnson & Johnson, enabling teams to reimagine and 
transform our business models to accelerate outcomes 
and future-proof our organization.

Michael Ehret, Ph.D.
Head of Global Talent Development,  
Johnson & Johnson 

Compensation and benefits

Our compensation framework, which is consistent worldwide, 
includes a set of core principles that guide all compensation 
decisions, recognizing the important contributions of our 
employees to deliver our mission in ways that align with our 
values. We are committed to pay equity, including gender and 
ethnic/racial group pay equity. 

Periodically, we analyze our pay across functions to assess 
market competitiveness and to eliminate unconscious bias 
or other barriers to full pay equity across the Enterprise. In 
2022, we invested significantly in targeted salary increases in 
several countries to enhance our competitive pay position; this 
was also influenced by inflationary pressures, and part of our 
analysis this year used a new framework to monitor inflation and 
highlight areas for further alignment. In addition, we increased 
our investment in employees across our Total Health portfolio 
to address rising rates of mental health concerns and ongoing 
uncertainties or consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. We 
believe that our investment in employees across the spectrum of 
compensation and benefits helps make Johnson & Johnson both 
more attractive as an employer and more resilient as a business. 

Additionally, we completed our annual living wage assessment 
with the aim of ensuring all employees globally receive pay that 
is competitive in their local markets and sufficient to support a 
sustainable standard of living for them and their families  
(see section: Human Rights).

Enhancing hybrid working: We continued to implement our 
hybrid working model, J&J Flex, globally, capturing the energy of 
in-person interactions and remote flexibility. In the supply chain, 
flexibility offerings for on-site employees were established that 
combine locally relevant practices with a globally consistent hybrid 
working framework at each site. This new approach was used, for 
example, to remotely onboard thousands of supply chain team 
members, who also completed a portion of their total required 
training assignments online.

53

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Diversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-BeingDiversity, Equity & Inclusion

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

GRI 405-1 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion advances our culture of belonging where open hearts and minds combine 
to unleash the potential of the brilliant mix of people working everywhere at Johnson & Johnson today, 
as well as those who will join us in the future.

We take a strategic approach to driving DEI at Johnson & Johnson, 
based on our mission and vision and DEI strategy that is designed 
to do the following:

DEI is fundamentally embedded in our human resources strategies 
and our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals:

See also our section on Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) for ways in 
which we are helping eradicate racial and social injustice as a public 
health threat by eliminating health inequities for people of color in 
the U.S.

Build a workforce that reflects the diversity of  
our communities.

Accelerate our global culture of inclusion where  
every individual belongs.

Transform talent and business processes to achieve 
equitable access and outcomes for all.

Drive innovation and growth within our business  
to serve diverse markets around the world.

Our DEI Mission 
Be yourself,  
change the world.

Our DEI Vision 
Make Diversity, Equity  
& Inclusion how we  
work every day.

We cannot overstate the positive impact that diverse 
voices bring to our organizational culture, our 
community and society at large. But challenges remain. 
We must continue to create an inclusive environment 
where employees embrace individual and cultural 
differences to drive innovation.

Wanda Hope
Chief Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Officer, 
Johnson & Johnson

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Women in Management
•       49% of management positions globally are held by women.

Progress in Ethnic/Racial Diversity  
in Management
•       36% of management positions in the U.S. are held by ethnic/

racially diverse employees.

Progress in Black/African Americans 
in Management
•       Achieved a growth of 40.5% in Black and African management 

positions from 2020, with Black and African American employees 
representing 6.6% of management positions in the U.S.

Our fourth annual DEI Impact Review shares insights about the 
evolution of our DEI strategy and a wide range of stories of our 
progress throughout 2022 to advance DEI across the four pillars 
of our strategy within our three business segments. 

DEI in 2022 by the Numbers

  41% 

of our Vice Presidents 
globally are women 

  55% 
of our employees in  
Latin America are women, 
the highest rate of women 
across our four regions

  20% 
of our workforce is  
over the age of 50

  36%
of our Directors and 
Managers in the U.S. 
identify as ethnic or  
racially diverse

  36%

of our U.S. workforce 
identifies as ethnic or 
racially diverse

  26,609
employees engaged in 
Employee Resource  
Groups (ERGs)

54

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    View ScorecardEmployee Attraction & DevelopmentEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-BeingDiversity, Equity & Inclusion

Among our areas of progress in advancing  
DEI in 2022:

Diverse workforce

•   Strengthened development of 130 next-

generation Johnson & Johnson leaders through 
our RISE & ASCEND development programs. 

•   Accelerated veterans hiring with our first  
full cycle in the Department of Defense 
SkillBridge program, with 90% of SkillBridge 
interns becoming Johnson & Johnson  
full-time employees.  

•   Removed barriers to access through expanding 
diverse slates, broadening hiring criteria and 
removing bias from job postings. 

Culture of inclusion

•   Delivered Conscious Inclusion training  
to Vice Presidents and Directors across  
Johnson & Johnson.  

•    Empowered our 12 ERGs, engaging nearly 
27,000 colleagues around the world in 
harnessing the passions of employees  
to educate, connect and create space  
for belonging. 

•   Expanded “Exploring Our Diversity,” a  

global and immersive educational series 
to build greater cultural knowledge and 
understanding among our employees. 

•    Delivered an interactive DEI Glossary, an 
evolving resource of commonly used DEI 
terms, to ensure we understand and use 
language that is representative and inclusive 
of all Johnson & Johnson employees, patients, 
consumers and communities. 

Equitable access and outcomes

•   Partnered in multiple initiatives with ORTHE  

teams and business leaders to address mental  
health inequities in diverse communities.

•   Supported efforts to advance inclusive R&D 
and diversity in clinical trials, and provided 
opportunities for HCPs including women 
orthopaedic surgeons and surgical residents  
of color.  

•   Facilitated a robust, dual-language campaign 

for the Janssen Research Includes Me initiative 
during Hispanic Heritage Month to better 
communicate the importance of participating in 
clinical trials to the Hispanic/Latino community. 

Innovation and growth

•   Advanced supplier diversity though 

procurement teams, helping achieve a 
significant increase in diverse supplier spend. 

•   Supported our brand teams to deliver brand 

innovation and awareness campaigns to 
address the needs of diverse communities 
across skin care, eye care, oral health and 
smoking cessation brands.  

•   Partnered with diverse communities through 
multiple innovation QuickFire Challenges led  
by JLABS. 

•   Expanded our Care With Pride initiative 
globally with products in Brazil, Canada, 
Germany, Japan and the UK. 

Our most recently filed U.S. Federal Employer 
Information Report EEO-1 is publicly available. 
Note that federal reporting requirements require 
specific employee categorization that differs 
from the way we measure our diversity progress, 
as reflected in our Health for Humanity Report, 
and is, therefore, not directly comparable.

In 2022, women’s representation on our Executive Committee increased from one to five 
women following a leadership restructure, testifying to our strong pipeline of women at 
senior levels in our Company and our commitment to realizing opportunities for women in 
key roles. We also appointed our first female General Counsel in the Company’s history.

Gender Representation (%)

47% 48% 49%

46% 48% 49%

53% 54% 54%

39%

14% 14%

Women full-time  
employees

Women in  
management positions

Women in  
executive positions

Women  
new hires

2020

2021

2022

Ethnic/Racial Diversity in the U.S. (%)*

2.3%

1.7%

9.8%

7.5%

16.2%

White

Asian

Black/African American

62.4%

Hispanic/Latino

Other

Declined to answer

* Values have been rounded to the nearest tenth. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely  
to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

55

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    Employee Attraction & DevelopmentEmployee EngagementEmployee Health, Safety & Well-BeingEmployee Engagement

Employee Engagement

Across Johnson & Johnson, employees find inspiration in Our Purpose to change the trajectory  
of health. We provide platforms, tools and resources across the Enterprise to help everyone 
contribute effectively. 

We encourage open and inclusive communications so that 
everyone feels welcome to offer ideas and suggestions about 
how we can improve outcomes for patients and consumers and 
demonstrate care for our communities and our planet.

Connecting to our employees: One of the platforms we use to 
track employee sentiment and feeling of being connected to our 
colleagues and our values is our biennial Our Credo Survey, which 
was administered in 2022 in 77 countries and made available in 
36 languages. Over the past two years, people around the globe 
have faced and overcome many social and economic challenges, 
including those relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. In the face of 
these challenges, employees have maintained their confidence in 
Our Credo values, demonstrating stronger support and recognition 
for the way we uphold our values and positively impact society.

Following an analysis of the detailed results, which were 
communicated to all employees, we developed plans to address 
the main areas of opportunity identified by our employees’ 
feedback, both at the Enterprise level and within individual teams.

In alternate years, we conduct a global Our Voice Survey, which 
serves as an indicator of employee satisfaction and measures 
important aspects of our culture such as employee engagement, 
inclusion, development, health and wellness, collaboration, 
execution, innovation, and compliance and risk.

Recognizing employees: In addition to several awards and honors 
programs that recognize the contributions of our employees 
across different functions and regions, we maintain our global 
peer recognition platform, Inspire, which reaches all of our global 
workforce in 77 countries. In 2022, hundreds of thousands of 
recognition moments celebrated meaningful contributions and 
purpose-led behaviors among our employees.

2022 
Our Credo Survey  
Key Results  

 92%

participation rate among 
all eligible employees

 87%

favorability rate, which 
reflects how we are 
fulfilling Our Credo 
commitments to 
employees 

 92%
agreed with the 
statement, “Acts 
responsibly to the 
communities in which 
we live and work and 
the world community 
as well.”

 92%
agreed with the 
statement, “Ensures our 
first responsibility is to 
the patients, doctors 
and nurses, mothers and 
fathers, and all others 
who use our products  
and services.”

 86%
agreed with the 
statement, “Provides 
an inclusive work 
environment where each 
employee is considered 
as an individual.”

GRI 413-1 

Women in STEM

We aim to encourage girls to consider science, technology, 
engineering, mathematics, manufacturing and design (STEM²D) 
studies and career opportunities in the knowledge that advancing 
gender equality in technical professions will both strengthen 
society and also build a stronger pipeline of diverse talent 
in under-resourced STEM2D-related professions, critical to 
advancing innovation in healthcare.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Women in STEM2D
•         Engaged 170,000 girls in 2022 through 230 

events and 190 STEM2D.org activities for a total 
of 501,000 girls engaged.

Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, which include a 
specific target to reach 2 million girls through STEM²D activities 
led by Johnson & Johnson employees in partnership with 
nonprofit organizations, we encourage our employees to play  
an active role in engaging to advance women in science.

In 2022, more than 1,500 Johnson & Johnson employee 
volunteers directly engaged in STEM2D activities with 
approximately 170,000 girls.

Our Women in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, 
Manufacturing and Design (WiSTEM²D) initiative supports youth, 
undergraduates, scholars and professionals and has been active 
since 2015. Through our WiSTEM²D Youth Pillar, we seek to spark 
enchantment with STEM²D in young women and girls all around 
the globe through creative problem-solving and play.

56

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  View ScorecardEmployee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee Health, Safety & Well-BeingEmployee Engagement

In our WiSTEM²D Undergraduate program, we collaborated with 
nearly 70 universities, delivering more than 140 events and reaching 
more than 23,000 university students via a variety of activities and 
social media campaigns. We also launched a WiSTEM2D Camp, a 
weeklong pilot program in Europe, to give students an opportunity 
to explore post-secondary options in STEM2D fields, an initiative 
we plan to extend to 2023. Further, we expanded our WiSTEM2D 
program in our APAC and Latin America regions. 

In our WiSTEM²D Scholars program, we again selected six 
outstanding female researchers to receive support to drive their 
important research. This program has been active since 2017, 
selecting early to mid-career women faculty researchers, who 
have completed their post-doctoral studies and are making key 
STEM²D discoveries, to each receive a grant of $150,000 and 
three years of mentorship. In 2022, we received more than 500 
applications from highly qualified nominees from around the 
world, with more than 75% of applicants coming from outside 
the U.S. The selected WiSTEM²D 2022 scholars are advancing 
pivotal global innovations across diverse fields with an aim to 
significantly improve healthcare outcomes. 

Between 2018 and 2022, Johnson & Johnson’s WiSTEM²D 
Scholars program has provided 30 outstanding female 
researchers with $5.4 million in grant funding to advance 
pivotal healthcare innovations.

Dr. Ange Therese Akono, 
a 2022 awardee, is 
working in bone tissue 
regenerative engineering, 
with a focus on discovering 
nanostructured bone 
scaffolds to help restore 
the quality of life of patients 
who require maxillofacial 
bone repairs.

Engaging employees for healthy communities

Johnson & Johnson’s GCI organization drives our Talent for 
Good strategy to inspire our employees to help create healthy 
communities across the globe. Talent for Good offers a wide 
variety of engagement opportunities for employees, inviting each 
to take part at their preferred level of participation in a focus area 
of their interest. Talent for Good programs include skills-based 
volunteering opportunities conducted in partnership with nonprofit 
community partners. These programs, which range from short-term 
volunteering in local communities and medium-term programs that 
connect employees with nonprofits wherever they are in capacity-
building activities to fully immersive engagements over several 
months, support nonprofit skills and competencies. 

Our quarterly giving initiatives engage employees to support  
local communities, and we also encourage employees to 
volunteer in our communities through our Company-wide days  
of caring. 

The Talent for Healthy Communities Program  
allowed me to use my professional skill set to help  
the community. Within the project, I also learned  
how to effectively manage a project and work with 
multiple groups of people. It was quite challenging,  
yet very rewarding.

Denivea Williams
Senior Manager, Acquisitions & Divestitures Value 
Excellence & Service Lead, Johnson & Johnson

Many of our Talent for Good programs build on longstanding 
collaborations that Johnson & Johnson has maintained for 
several years with organizations that have a wide reach within 
our communities and help create meaningful volunteering 
opportunities for Johnson & Johnson employees to maximize 
our impact and deliver tangible social benefit. In 2022, these 
collaborations included:  

Bridge to Employment engages employees as mentors to help 
secondary school students improve academic performance and 
elevate their career aspirations. The extension program, Pathway 
to Success, helps students succeed and thrive in higher education, 
providing additional support and full-time paid summer internships 
at Johnson & Johnson (14 internships in 2022). 

One Young World engages employees to support frontline health 
leaders on various projects and provide guidance and mentorship, 
building young leadership capacity across the globe to change 
the trajectory of health.

Talent for Healthy Communities creates greater engagement 
and awareness between employees and partners in the same 
local community through a hybrid pro bono program, addressing 
critical capacity-building needs in that community. 

WiSTEM2D engages employees globally to inspire young girls  
and women to enter STEM2D fields.

Global Pro Bono engages employees in pairs with selected 
partner organizations working on the front lines of health to 
support them and build organizational capacity.  

Global Secondment Program enables and empowers selected 
Johnson & Johnson employees to support partner organizations 
on the front lines of health to raise public health standards in 
communities around the globe by sharing their knowledge, skills 
and passions over a four- to six-month time frame.   

Pro Bono for Health Equity utilizes the skills and talents of  
Johnson & Johnson employees to build the capacity of U.S.-based 
Community Health Centers supporting communities of color.  
This program is part of Our Race to Health Equity commitment 
(see section: Our Race to Health Equity). 

57

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    Learn more    Employee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee Health, Safety & Well-Being 
Employee Engagement

Talent for Good Engagement in 2022 by 
the Numbers*

Bridge to Employment

410 
employees volunteered  
more than
4,600 
hours mentoring with
776 
students worldwide

One Young World

>150 
employees  
collaborated with
12 
external scholars on 
projects addressing the 
front lines of healthcare  
and mentoring students

Global Pro Bono

63 
employees from all  
regions volunteered with
14 
NGO partners

Talent for Healthy  
Communities

194 
employees from
12 
countries volunteered  
with
30 
community partners

Global Secondment 
Program

26 
employees  
volunteered with
20 
NGO partners

Pro Bono for  
Health Equity

22 
employees  
volunteered with
4 
NGO partners

* See section: Women in STEM for details of WISTEM2D activity in 2022.

Engaging employees for a healthy planet

Johnson & Johnson employees are passionate about environmental 
sustainability and seek to make an impact. We engage, inspire 
and provide opportunities for employees to learn and collaborate 
through dedicated environmental sustainability programs 
and learning and idea-sharing platforms such as WeSustain, 
HealthyPlanet and environmental sustainability training.

Water nourishes a better world, by 
Simon S., 10 years old, China. One 
of several winning original pieces 
in our Annual Worldwide Children’s 
Energy Coloring & Art Contest. The 
contest, in its 39th year, is open to all 
young relatives of Johnson & Johnson 
employees and is an opportunity to 
engage with the future generation on 
how we each play a role in reducing 
carbon emissions.

WeSustain: Our environmental sustainability employee 
engagement program, WeSustain, mobilizes passionate employees 
to improve environmental health in locations where we live, 
work and sell our products. In 2022, we brought the WeSustain 
community together for the first Global WeSustain Summit. 
Employees globally joined a virtual live event to hear from internal 
and external speakers, connect with each other and share ideas  
for a more sustainable future.

HealthyPlanet: In 2022, through our HealthyPlanet platform 
launched in 2020, we challenged employees to calculate their 
environmental sustainability impact by offering a personal carbon 
calculator and ideas to reduce their footprint. Throughout the year, 
employees completed more than 40,000 actions on topics ranging 
from reducing energy, lessening food waste and eliminating 
single-use plastics. Incentives, like charitable donations, drove 
employees to take over double the actions taken in the previous 
year. Impact metrics from HealthyPlanet illustrated employee-led 
savings, including reduced paper use, reduced trash, lower energy 
consumption and lower water use.

Employee Engagement for a Healthy Planet  
in 2022 by the Numbers

78 
active WeSustain teams 
in 31 countries

>40,000 
actions completed by 
HealthyPlanet users to  
protect the environment

Employee training in environmental sustainability: In 2022, we 
built an online self-paced training module, called “Sustainability & 
My Job,” to demonstrate how every Johnson & Johnson employee 
can contribute to sustainability solutions at work. This follows 
the broader foundational sustainability training module launched 
in 2021. The new training depicts real employee examples and 
guides employees to build their own action plan based on their 
role and function. Interest in both optional sustainability training 
modules has been strong from employees around the world.

We are continuously providing opportunities for 
our employees to learn and build their personal and 
professional sustainability capabilities so that decisions 
made today will help protect the environment and the 
health of future generations.

Deb Gorhan
Director, Sustainability Culture & Engagement,  
Johnson & Johnson

58

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Employee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee Health, Safety & Well-Being 
Employee Health, Safety & Well-Being

GRI 403, 403-6, 403-9, 403-10 

At Johnson & Johnson, we take an uncompromising approach to safety in everything we do. We also invest 
extensively in the health and well-being of our employees; we believe that advancing health for humanity starts 
with protecting and enhancing the total health—physical, mental, emotional and financial—of our workforce. 

We aim to ensure that all our employees around the world, as well as temporary contractors and visitors 
to our sites, can work safely. Our workplace health and safety programs include adherence to our robust 
global safety standards, risk assessments, extensive training and communications. We continuously 
expand health and well-being benefits throughout Johnson & Johnson globally, incorporating new 
thinking and technologies to help employees achieve their personal mind and body health goals.

To reinforce best safety practices, in 2022, we commenced a yearlong global refresher program of our 
Six Safety Habits framework for all employees in our R&D spaces and supply chain facilities—and those 
working on construction projects—to reacquaint them with the workplace habits that ensure safety 
continues to be an essential part of our culture.

Employee Health, Safety & Well-Being

Global Employee Safety (%)*

0.05 0.05 0.06

Lost Workday  
Case Rate

0.03

0.02

0.03

Serious Injury and 
Illness Case Rate

2020

2021

2022

0.27

0.24

0.23

Total Recordable  
Injury Rate

* See the Employee Safety table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Global 
Employee Safety data.

Ensuring people can work safely is foundational to their well-being. In fact, nothing 
is more important. However, we must continue to remain vigilant. With so many 
facilities and operations around the world, presenting potential safety risks every 
minute of every day, we rely on our approximately 153,700 people, as well as 
contractors and visitors to our sites, to practice safe working in every single one  
of those minutes.

Johan Geerinck
Worldwide Vice President, Environmental Health  
& Safety, Johnson & Johnson

Our Six Safety Habits

Learning 
We learn from both our successes and  
our failures.

Responsible
Everyone is personally responsible for their  
safety and the safety of others.

Caring 
We demonstrate caring and inspire a 
strong value of safety from the heart.

Transparent
Everyone feels safe to make suggestions and/or 
share complaints with those who need to know.

Proactive 
Everyone anticipates and actively 
engages in controlling safety hazards.

Inclusive
We seek diverse perspectives and share safety 
knowledge within and beyond our four walls.

We constantly reinforce 
our uncompromising 
approach to safety 
through communications 
to all employees around 
the world. 

59

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Employee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee EngagementAdvancing road safety: Road safety is a key element of our safe 
working programs, and we continuously seek to improve the 
safety of our vehicles and, even more importantly, the awareness, 
vigilance and safe practices of our drivers. In 2022, we took several 
actions to further improve our driver and fleet safety globally:

•   expanded predictive analytics for the majority of our global  

fleet drivers; 

•    digitized both global road safety data with online at-a-glance 
dashboards for effective safety controls and management and 
also our road safety assurance and audit process;

•    standardized our global road safety training on our internal 
online training platform, accessible to all fleet drivers; and

•   distributed a highly reflective inflatable airbag vest to all riders of  

two-wheeled power vehicles in India to reduce risk of potential injury.  

Employee Health, Safety & Well-Being

Since 2012, Johnson & Johnson has donated more than 
75,000 lifesaving helmets to children in Vietnam. 

of potential injury.

Beyond safety, we aspire to have the healthiest workforce, inspiring 
us to continually examine and expand our total health benefits, 
programs and offerings to support the total well-being of all 
employees and embed a culture of health throughout Johnson & 
Johnson. Our healthiest workforce ambition is tracked in our Health 
for Humanity 2025 Goals annual Healthiest Workforce Score.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Healthiest Workforce Score
•         66% of Johnson & Johnson leaders and 

their managers achieved an ≥80% Healthiest 
Workforce Score.

The comprehensive well-being portfolio available to Johnson & 
Johnson employees and their families is reflected in the positive 
employee perception of organizational support for their total health. 
In 2022, most global employees believed senior leaders support their 
health and well-being, as exemplified by the Our Credo  
Survey results. 

In 2022, we again improved our health benefits and programs to 
support employee health and well-being and rolled out several  
new initiatives to enhance our robust portfolio of well-being 
offerings, including:

•    Implemented expanded paid parental leave benefits for employees 
around the world, with 12 weeks of paid leave covering maternal, 
paternal, adoptive, surrogacy-assisted and foster parents.

•   Enhanced the Employee Assistance Programs and CARE 

(Confidential. Accessible. Responsible. Engaged.) services 
in select countries, with the intent to introduce additional 
countries in 2023. The enhanced services connect employees to 
professional assistance on a broad range of topics. From mental 
health support to professional life coaching and work-life services 
(i.e., elder/adult care, travel, childcare, education, pet care, 
household services and parenting), employees can now easily 
navigate to the support they need. 

•   Introduced new virtual mental health resources in the U.S. to 
support employees and their families, including behavioral 
support for children, teens and families. Along with other leading 
companies across industries, we joined Thrive and the Society 
for Human Resources Management in pledging our continued 
commitment to prioritizing employee well-being and mental 
health. 

•   Expanded travel benefits for U.S. employees and their families, 
providing reimbursement for travel to receive medical services 
(inclusive of, but not limited to, reproductive healthcare) not 
available from any other in- or out-of-network provider within  
100 miles of the patient’s home.

Global Activity Challenge: In 2022, we held our seventh 30-day 
Global Activity Challenge, encouraging our employees to join 
teams to boost their health by getting moving. Employees were 
able to select walking, running, dancing, cycling, gardening, 
practicing yoga or other preferred physical activity, competing 
against other global teams. The 2022 Challenge engaged more 
than 33,000 participants in 73 countries, recording more than 7.5 
billion steps throughout the Challenge. At the end of the Challenge, 
Johnson & Johnson donated $50,000 each to Operation Smile and 
UNICEF.

Energy management: Our enterprise-wide ENERGY FOR 
PERFORMANCE program helps employees manage their energy 
capacity so that they can be their best at work and in life. We have 
consistently expanded the use of this program and introduced 
virtual courses to continue to deliver this important training during 
the pandemic. In 2022, 8,872 employees completed ENERGY FOR 
PERFORMANCE courses.

60

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Our Employees  Learn more    View ScorecardEmployee Attraction & DevelopmentDiversity, Equity & InclusionEmployee Engagement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Environmental
Health

A LEED Gold-certified Janssen facility completed the second phase of a photovoltaic (PV) panel installation in 2022. 

6161

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Climate ActionWater & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging SustainabilityClimate Action

Climate Action

GRI 201-2, 302-1, 302-3, 302-4, 302-5, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-5

At Johnson & Johnson, we understand that human health and environmental health are 
fundamentally linked—healthy people need a healthy planet. For more than two decades, we have 
set and achieved carbon reduction goals. We have taken sustained, long-term action to reduce our 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and we are encouraging our suppliers to do the same.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, 
we recognize our opportunity to drive positive change on issues 
that affect the health of the people we serve. We continually 
strive to improve the environmental footprint of our operations, 
our products and our value chain while also working with others 
to accelerate and scale solutions. And together with like-minded 
partners, we are working to tackle today’s global challenges at the 
intersection of human and environmental health, including climate 
change and health equity.

According to the WHO, climate change is the single biggest health 
threat facing humanity, and climate-sensitive health risks are 
disproportionately felt by the most vulnerable and disadvantaged.56

Johnson & Johnson has set three public goals to reduce GHG 
emissions across our value chain. Our near-term goal to reduce 
Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG emissions by 60% from 2016 levels, is 
validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as being 
consistent with the reductions required to keep global warming  
to 1.5°C.

Johnson & Johnson was recognized 
with a CDP A List rating in 2022 for 
our leadership in climate action for 
the fifth consecutive year, one of 
just 297 companies to be named to 
the Climate A List in 2022.

We take an intentional approach to climate action in 
order to benefit the health of our planet, the health 
of our company, and the health of people, including 
those who are disproportionately impacted by the 
effects of rising temperatures, extreme weather 
events and climate-sensitive health risks. In addition 
to progress towards our climate goals, we are working 
with partners to strengthen the climate resilience of 
the healthcare workforce and healthcare systems that 
serve those most vulnerable to the health impacts of a 
changing climate.

Since 2016, our absolute Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG emissions have 
reduced by 41% (absolute reduction), from 1,166,456 MT CO2e in 
2016 to 683,188 MT CO2e in 2022.

Scope 1 + 2  GHG Emissions (MT CO2e)*

1,166,456

1,085,385 1,058,659

968,830

742,895

753,270

683,188

Paulette Frank
Chief Sustainability Officer,  
Johnson & Johnson

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

* See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data 
section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG 
emissions data.

Progress in Renewable Electricity
•       67% of electricity is produced or procured from renewable 

energy sources. 

•       In 2022, Johnson & Johnson signed additional renewable  
Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) in Brazil and India. 
Previously signed renewable electricity agreements in  
Europe and the U.S. went into effect in 2022.  

Progress in Carbon Neutrality for  
Our Operations (by 2030)
•       41% (absolute reduction) in Scope 1 + 2 carbon emissions vs. 

2016 baseline. 44% reduction including carbon credits.

•       Five Johnson & Johnson sites were newly certified 

CarbonNeutral® by the external organization Climate 
Impact Partners, bringing the total number of our certified 
CarbonNeutral sites to six.

Progress in Scope 3 Emissions 
Reductions (by 2030)
•       11% increase in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions – Scope 3 

(upstream) vs. 2016 baseline. 

•       Our Scope 3 emissions increased by 11% from 2016, driven 
primarily by Purchased Goods and Services and Upstream 
Transportation and Distribution. The calculation of emissions 
from both categories is based on spend data and category-
specific economic input/output emission factors (versus 
activity-based emissions). Fuel price increases and inflation 
further exacerbated costs used in the calculation of emissions. 

•       Progress in 2022 includes becoming a founding member of 
the Pharmaceutical Industry’s program Activate, supporting 
API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts. We also piloted 
a Joint Climate Action planning process with high emitting 
suppliers to identify areas of opportunity for collaboration to 
reduce Scope 3 emissions.

56 WHO, “Climate change and health,” https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/climate-change-and-health, accessed February 2023.

62

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  View ScorecardWater & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging SustainabilityClimate Action

Accelerating our use of renewable electricity

We are making meaningful progress in deploying renewable 
electricity across a greater portion of our operations around the 
world, with 67% of our global electricity use powered by renewables 
at the end of 2022.

Johnson & Johnson  
maintains more than 50 
on-site renewable energy 
systems in 20 countries 
and has executed more  
than 15 contracts for  
off-site renewable  
electricity procurement. 

Our global expansion of the use of renewable electricity and 
execution of virtual PPAs and green tariffs has been a significant 
factor in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, in line with 
our goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our operations by 2030.

In 2022, we completed several initiatives to procure renewable 
electricity globally, propelling Johnson & Johnson toward our 
100% renewable electricity goal at the global level by 2025. These 
initiatives included:

•   Brazil: A direct PPA was signed for 100% renewable electricity from 
a wind farm in northern Brazil for all Johnson & Johnson operations 
in the country starting in 2023. This is the largest deal we’ve made 
in South America to date.

•   India: A direct PPA was signed in Mulund, India, that will enable 

the Mulund Consumer Health plant to source some of its electricity 
from wind power in 2023.  

•   Australia, China and South America: Multiple Utility Green Tariffs 

were completed for renewable electricity across several sites.

•   Mexico: A direct PPA from a wind farm in Mexico helps deliver part of 
Ethicon’s Juarez site with renewable electricity, as of September 2022.

•   Malaysia, South Africa and Spain: Expansion of on-site solar 

power generation was completed at three Consumer Health sites.

Renewable Electricity Across
Operations (as of the end of 2022)57 

84% 
North America

100% 
Europe

67% 
All Global Operations

This data is the percentage of electricity used by 
Johnson & Johnson that is generated from renewable 
sources, including on-site and off-site renewable 
systems, like direct PPAs, virtual PPAs and Utility Green 
Tariffs. In Europe, three virtual PPAs that were finalized 
in 2021 brought us to the equivalent of 100% renewable 
electricity in Europe due to renewable electricity 
certificates (RECs) contracted for 2022.

Minimizing GHG emissions through our  
operations and products

In addition to accelerating our use of renewable energy, we continue 
to invest in energy-efficient processes and equipment, green 
construction and lower-carbon renovations at our sites.

Since 2005, energy efficiency programs at our most energy-intensive 
manufacturing and R&D sites are allocated up to $40 million per year 
in capital relief through our CO2 Capital Relief Program, for energy 
projects that demonstrate potential CO2 savings and a financial return 
of at least 15%.

For example, Janssen’s Xi’an facility in China completed the second 
phase of photovoltaic (PV) panel installation as part of the CO2 Capital 
Relief Program, integrating it into its existing system.

On-Site Clean/Renewable Energy Capacity by Type (MW)*

1.6

17

15

30

Solar PV

Co-generation

Wind

Geothermal

Biomass

16

The Xi’an site team after completing the second phase of photovoltaic (PV)  
panel installation.

* See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data 
section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG 
emissions data.

In 2022, Johnson & Johnson Vision Care achieved 100% renewable 
electricity across its global manufacturing operations using Utility 
Green Tariffs and on-site solar in the U.S. and both on-site wind 
power and off-site wind power from a direct PPA in Ireland.

57 Europe includes Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. North America includes the U.S. and Canada only. 

63

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Water & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging Sustainability 
CO2 Capital Relief Program Overview 
(2005 – 2022)58

Since 2016, our total absolute energy consumption across all 
Johnson & Johnson sites has reduced by 8%, from 12,811 TJ in 
2016 to 11,800 TJ in 2022. This represents 30% energy reduction 
on an intensity basis, per $ billion in sales.

$89 million
annual energy 
cost savings

274
projects  
completed

2,589
TJ annual 
energy savings

Total Energy Use Since 2016 (TJ)*

Scroll over chart for more information

Green buildings: We continue to pursue Leadership in Energy  
& Environmental Design (LEED) certification or equivalents (such 
as Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment 
Methodology [BREEAM]). In 2022, we added one LEED 
certification across our facilities, bringing our total at the end 
of 2022 to 68 LEED-certified and BREEAM-certified Johnson & 
Johnson sites. 

$478 million
total spent on 
completed projects

320,362 MT CO2
annual GHG  
emissions avoided

12,811

11,800

Approximately 9.4 million square feet  
of Johnson & Johnson workspace is LEED-certified.  

Climate Action

In 2022, five Johnson & Johnson sites in France (Sézanne), Germany 
(Wuppertal), Italy (Pomezia), Switzerland (Neuchâtel) and the 
U.S. (Lititz, Pennsylvania) were newly certified CarbonNeutral® 
by the external organization Climate Impact Partners, bringing 
our total number of certified CarbonNeutral sites to six, including 
Helsingborg, Sweden, originally certified in 2017. Carbon emissions 
reductions were achieved through energy efficiency initiatives, such 
as HVAC optimization and chiller system replacements, waste-to-
energy projects and renewable electricity use. Carbon credits and 
carbon offsets were utilized for remaining emissions. 

Reducing energy consumption: Overall, between 2016 (our base 
year for the Health for Humanity 2025 Environmental Goals) and 
2022, we reduced our total energy consumption by 8%, while our 
business grew by 32% in the same period. In other words, our energy 
intensity, expressed as TJ per $ billion in sales to customers, reduced 
by 30%, strongly demonstrating the cumulative effect of continuous 
improvement and deliberate energy efficiency initiatives, year after 
year, across our global operations.

2016

2022

From non-renewable sources

From renewable sources

Energy Intensity Since 2016 (TJ/$ Billion)*

178

124

2016

2022

* See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section  
of this Report for footnote considerations.

Green labs: In 2022, our J&J MedTech DePuy Synthes R&D  
lab in Leeds, UK, and our Janssen Immunology lab in California, 
both achieved “My Green Lab®” certification for implementing 
sustainability best practices. My Green Lab certification is 
recognized by the UN Race to Zero campaign as a key measure  
of progress toward a zero-carbon future and is considered the 
gold standard for laboratory sustainability best practices  
around the world. We intend to seek certification for more 
Johnson & Johnson labs in the coming year.

58 Results from completed projects. Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations. Avoidance of energy consumption and GHG emissions were calculated by comparing energy consumption 
before project implementation and expected consumption after implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process. 

64

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Water & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging Sustainability 
Driving carbon reductions across our value chain

Engaging with our key suppliers across our global supply base 
is critical to reducing our absolute upstream Scope 3 GHG 
emissions in line with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of 20% 
reduction by 2030 (from 2016 levels).

Upstream Scope 3 GHG Emissions (MT CO2e) by Source*

Scroll over chart for more information

Climate Action

6,974,849

233,285

101,720
433,946

1,905,485

Purchased goods  
and services

Capital goods

Upstream transportation  
and distribution

Fuel- and energy-related  
activities

Business travel

Upstream leased assets

Employee commuting

Waste generated in operations

* See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section  
of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 3 GHG emissions data. 

To make progress in this area, our procurement and logistics teams 
worked closely to identify and realize opportunities to improve our 
Scope 3 data and drive emissions reductions. We introduced a new 
Upstream Scope 3 strategy that encompasses:

•   Improving data quality: We are piloting a collection of more detailed 
sources of emissions data for our supply base, as well as using our 
data science capabilities to visualize CDP Supply Chain data that 
shows the maturity level of our largest-emitting suppliers, including 
their goals, emissions footprint and reductions.

We continued to engage in partnerships and coalitions to help 
make a positive impact on the health of our climate beyond our 
value chain:

•   In early 2022, the National Academy of Medicine’s (NAM’s) 

Action Collaborative on Decarbonizing the U.S. Health Sector, 
a public-private partnership of leaders from across the health 
system, began engagement after forming in 2021. The Climate 
Collaborative is a forum to align around collective goals and 
actions for decarbonization, based on evidence, shared solutions 
and a commitment to improve health equity. One of the current 
work streams of this group focuses on developing and sharing 
resources to help healthcare supply chain companies start or 
accelerate their sustainability journeys.

•   In 2022, we were foundational funders of the Beyond the 

Megawatt Initiative from the Clean Energy Buyers Institute 
(CEBA), charged with creating a resilient, equitable and 
environmentally sustainable energy system for the benefit of all 
by leveraging energy customer demands for clean energy.

We also work with partners to advance environmental health 
equity. This includes supporting programs to empower healthcare 
workers and to strengthen the resilience of healthcare facilities in 
areas where it’s needed most. 

•   Building capability: We are helping to educate suppliers on 

emissions measurement and disclosure, as well as renewable energy 
adoption. We have also trained our procurement teams to support 
high-quality data submission by suppliers to CDP.

•   Driving reductions: We are piloting a Joint Climate Action Planning 
process with high-emitting suppliers across various industries to 
help us understand their climate goals and efforts needed to achieve 
them. Through Joint Climate Action Planning, we are able to identify 
the biggest opportunities to collaborate with suppliers to drive 
reductions in our Scope 3 emissions.

Regarding logistics, we continued to work with suppliers to reduce 
shipping-related emissions. For example, in Europe, Johnson & 
Johnson introduced a “rolling highway” project that transports fully 
loaded trucks by rail between Italy and Belgium, significantly reducing 
emissions from road travel. This program will be expanded to include 
more shipments in 2023. 

Partnering for climate action

In 2022, we also engaged with two initiatives to support collective 
efforts in driving down GHG emissions in pharmaceutical supply 
chains. These were:

•   The Energize Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration 
platform with an aim to increase access to renewable electricity 
within pharmaceutical supply chains and to educate suppliers 
about renewable energy adoption and contracting. More than 
160 Johnson & Johnson suppliers have registered to the platform. 
In 2022, the Energize program supported its first renewable 
electricity buyers cohort—a group of companies that came 
together to contract for renewable electricity at scale via a PPA. 

•   The Activate Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration, 

launched in 2022, bringing together five pharmaceutical 
companies, including Johnson & Johnson, as founding members 
to support active API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts 
through measurement of their GHG emissions and provision of 
practical decarbonization tools. 

65

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Learn more    Learn more    Learn more    Water & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging SustainabilityWater & Waste Management

Water & Waste Management 

GRI 303-1, 303-2, 303-3, 303-4, 303-5, 306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5, SASB CG-HP-140a.1, CG-HP-140a.2  

We continue to advance initiatives across our facilities and throughout our supply chain to minimize 
our impacts on the planet through responsible use of water, avoidance of waste and reduction of waste 
sent to a landfill.

Water stewardship: As part of our efforts to continuously improve 
our management of water resources and our water stewardship, we 
are pursuing Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) certifications 
across elected facilities in our network. In 2022, Johnson & Johnson 
Consumer Health Thailand and Janssen’s Xi’an, China, facility both 
achieved AWS certification. The international AWS certification 
addresses sustainable water management and is confirmation of 
having met the global benchmark for responsible water stewardship. 
We are pursuing additional site certifications in the coming years.

Water-saving projects in Helsingborg, Sweden: At our Consumer 
Health site in Helsingborg, Sweden, three new water-saving projects 
were completed in 2022. A newly installed chiller with a closed-loop 
water cooling system has reduced coolant water needs by more 
than half while requiring less energy to operate than the old model. 
Production equipment cleaning processes were also optimized and 
shortened to save purified water annually. Finally, an adjustment in 
the reverse osmosis processes and equipment service methodology 
was completed, saving additional water on-site.  

Over the past five years, our water withdrawal in million m3 per  
$ billion sales across Johnson & Johnson globally has reduced by 
5%, demonstrating efficiencies in water management alongside 
business growth in sales of 16% between 2018 and 2022.

Total Water Withdrawn (million m3)

11.64

11.71

11.09

11.04

11.11

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Johnson & Johnson was recognized with a CDP A- rating  
in 2022 for our leadership in water security.

Waste management: We continually advance initiatives across 
all our facilities and throughout our supply chain to systematically 
avoid waste, reduce waste to landfill and increase sustainable 
management of waste. The waste streams generated directly by 
our operations include hazardous and non-hazardous waste from 
research laboratories, manufacturing processes, warehouses 
and offices. Waste management initiatives progressed in 2022 
included:

•   Reducing hazardous waste: Our aim is to reduce hazardous 

waste from material-intensive API processes by implementing 
green chemistry and engineering principles to improve chemical 
conversion yields and increasing reuse and recycling of raw 
materials. For example, in 2022, Janssen continued a program to 
reduce hazardous waste from our small molecule API production 
at four Johnson & Johnson sites.

•   Working toward zero waste: In Brazil, our teams at the São 

José dos Campos site, which houses manufacturing for all three 
business segments of Johnson & Johnson, have been working 
toward improving their waste management program. Since 2020, 
several initiatives have been put in place to advance recycling 
across non-hazardous waste streams, and in 2022, the site 
achieved its highest recycling level since the start of the program, 

on track to achieve its goal of being a certified TRUE Zero Waste 
facility. Green Business Certification Inc.’s TRUE Zero Waste 
certification is a program that rates how well facilities perform 
in minimizing their non-hazardous, solid wastes and maximizing 
their efficiency in the use of resources. Several new on-site waste 
management processes, including a waste inventory management 
system and internal packaging reuse systems, combined with 
outreach to suppliers for take-back of packaging items for reuse 
or recycling, have contributed to a reduction in non-hazardous 
waste sent to landfill from this facility.

Total Waste Generated (MT)

Scroll over chart for more information

183,558

194,836

185,491

2020

2021

2022

Hazardous waste

Non-hazardous waste

66

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Climate ActionProduct & Packaging SustainabilityProduct & Packaging Sustainability

Product & Packaging Sustainability

GRI J&J22-7, SASB HC-MS-410a.1, SASB HC-MS-410a.2, SASB CG-HP-410a.1, SASB CG-HP-410a.2  

We are committed to developing more sustainable products to support the health of people and our 
planet. We focus on the product categories, platforms and lifecycle areas with the highest potential 
impact and prioritize improvements that can be implemented across multiple products.

Product end-of-life and circularity

We recognize that the products we create may continue to have 
environmental impacts after use, and we are working to offer more 
end-of-life circular solutions. A selection of initiatives in 2022 include:

Expanding surgical device recycling: We expanded our hospital 
surgical device recycling program, which was piloted in Germany 
in 2021, to include eight countries in Europe. The program allows 
hospitals to recycle specific metal and plastic components from 
Ethicon and Biosense Webster’s single-use instruments while 
digitally capturing and communicating the environmental impact of 
salvaging materials such as steel, titanium, aluminum, copper and 
chrome steel, as well as specific plastics.59

Components from more than 25,000 single-use products  
were recycled in 2021 and 2022 through our Hospital  
Recycling Program.

The program is also expanding to recover Ethicon’s absorbable  
suture aluminum-based packaging in countries such as Germany  
and Switzerland.

Expanding pharmaceutical device take-back: We expanded our 
U.S. SAFE RETURNS program for home-administered Janssen 
immunology products to Switzerland. SAFE RETURNS allows 
patients to return their self-injectable devices using paper 
envelopes instead of plastic containers once used. A feature of the 
program is the removal of the hazardous material classification due 
to the needle-safe authorization, thereby eliminating the need for 
patients to prepare special paperwork for handling by mainstream 
postal services. The program is expected to expand to several 
additional European countries in 2023.

Addressing digital health device waste: Janssen launched and 
coordinated a new multiyear collaborative initiative, with co-
funding through the EU Horizon Europe program, to address the 
issue of increasing digital health device waste. The initiative, called 
Digital Health in a Circular Economy (DiCE), brings together 20 
organizations in the fields of manufacturing, research, refurbishing, 
remanufacturing, recycling, social science and policy from nine 
countries across Europe with an aim to examine the lifecycle of 
digital health devices from design to end of life, to help extend 
their lifetime and/or to responsibly manage them at the end of their 
useful life. Use of digital health devices is predicted to increase 
rapidly, so a collaborative solution is timely.    

Reprocessing and recycling of medical devices: To reduce the 
end-of-life impact of medical device parts in the environment,  
J&J MedTech reprocessed, single-use devices manufactured  
by Johnson & Johnson company, Sterilmed, and also offers 
reprocessed products from other original manufacturers, in line 
with local laws.  

In 2022, J&J MedTech in the U.S. and Canada:

Collected 
0.78 million 
medical devices

Reprocessed 
0.32 million 
medical devices

Additionally, J&J MedTech’s Biosense Webster, in collaboration 
with Sterilmed, expanded its on-site support to collect 
reprocessable ultrasound catheters, diagnostic catheters and 
electrophysiology cables to maximize the reprocessing programs 
in Canada and the U.S. and help health systems support their 
environmental sustainability objectives.

Reducing medical e-waste: J&J MedTech’s Biosense Webster in 
Brazil implemented an initiative to help hospital staff understand 
how to change the practice of discarding single-use connector 
cables used in surgical ablation procedures by safely preparing 
them for reuse. Biosense Webster cables were designed with 
exclusive materials to perform in sterile conditions and, when 
properly sterilized, can be safely reused up to 10 times. By investing 
in educating hospital staff in sterilization procedures, tons of cables 
that are discarded annually in Brazil can now be avoided, both 
reducing waste and equipment expenses for hospitals.

The SOUNDSTAR Catheter shown here with the reusable eco-cable connection. 

59 Recycling varies by country.

67

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Climate ActionWater & Waste ManagementProduct & Packaging Sustainability

Sustainable packaging

Across our diverse portfolio of products, we are working on multiple 
opportunities to improve the sustainability of our product packaging. 
A selection of initiatives in 2022 include:

Investing in new circular technologies: At Johnson & Johnson, we 
aim to work with suppliers attempting to find solutions to help divert 
waste from landfills and to develop technologies that turn diverted 
waste into new materials. This is why in 2022, Ethicon entered into 
an agreement with Eastman to purchase Eastman’s Eastar™ Renew 
6763 copolyester for its medical device trays. Eastman is a global 
specialty materials company that produces a broad range of advanced 
materials, chemicals and fibers found in items people use every day. 

By purchasing Eastman’s Eastar Renew 6763 copolyester, Ethicon is 
able to attribute a portion of the weight of each tray to materials that 
Eastman collects for recycling. With each tray, Ethicon helps divert 
waste from landfills and advances new technology solutions such as 
Eastman’s molecular recycling technology. We know that a collective 
approach is essential to tackle today’s greatest environmental 
challenges. This is an important first step toward advancing the 
circularity of our healthcare packaging.

Using recycled packaging for medical devices: J&J MedTech 
company DePuy Synthes launched more than 250 product items 
in the SYNFIX Evolution brand in post-consumer recycled (PCR) 
paperboard material (93%). This PCR packaging replaced white 
boxes made with 100% virgin paperboard. The new packaging went 
through extensive testing to confirm that it stands up to our stringent 
standards for sterility and structural integrity.

Reducing and recycling contact lens waste: As part of a 
commitment to reduce its environmental footprint, Johnson & 
Johnson Vision removed the plastic pouches on the outside of 
delivery boxes for all ACUVUE contact lenses in Europe. This change, 
involving placing delivery notes inside orders without external 
packaging, will save tons of plastic across Europe every year. 

In the UK, Johnson & Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE Contact Lens 
Recycle Scheme, launched in 2019, has collected over 8.7 million 
lenses and recently expanded to increase capacity of lenses, blister 
packs and foils to be recycled each year. ACUVUE offers the only 
contact lens recycling program in the UK, and its expansion was 
achieved through an agreement with TerraCycle, with Johnson & 
Johnson Vision funding 3,500 Zero Waste Boxes in 2022 alone. 

Zero Waste Boxes are distributed to partnering opticians’ stores to 
provide nationwide access to contact lens recycling for consumers, 
providing a simple, accessible solution for storing, shipping and 
recycling contact lens waste, including the lenses themselves, along 
with the original foil covers and blister packaging. 

Between 2019 and 2022, Johnson & Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE 
Contact Lens Recycle Scheme recycled more than 8 million 
pairs of contact lenses, blister packs and foils.

Collaborations on sustainable product and packaging: We 
are members of several organizations that promote sustainable 
packaging and circularity in our industry, including: The Healthcare 
Plastics Recycling Council, advancing plastics recyclability in 
healthcare; The Sustainable Healthcare Coalition, a healthcare 
sector-led group that inspires sustainable practices in healthcare; 
and The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and 
Associations (EFPIA), which advances the transition to a circular 
economy across the pharma value chain as a key pillar of its activity.

   Learn more about sustainable packaging solutions in  
Consumer Health.

Green chemistry and technology

Our R&D teams continue to integrate principles of green chemistry 
and engineering to develop our medicines. In 2022, progress included:

•   Janssen obtained FDA approval for our inline conditioning process 
installed at Janssen’s Ireland facility. This process, already approved 
by the Ireland Health Products Regulatory Authority, was developed 
by the Janssen R&D team as part of a new manufacturing installation 
to support a plant expansion. Inline conditioning applies a unique 
approach to preparing, supplying and releasing solutions in real time 
to the manufacturing process, without the need for large-scale storage 
capacity. The traditional, manual batch approach to making buffers 
involves dissolving buffer components in large tanks filled with water 
and then, in some cases, transferring the solution into bags that are 
transported to the point of use. Inline conditioning both saves time and 
reduces material, waste and energy use throughout the process. 

•   Janssen improved the efficiency of the manufacturing process of 
an oligonucleotide API. The API manufacturing process is highly 
complex and can involve more than 100 linear chemical steps, 
consuming high quantities of solvents and reagents. Expanded 
process development and deep understanding of each chemical 

transformation and its engineering parameters upon scale-up 
reduced the manufacturing process mass intensity, which resulted 
in halving the API manufacturing cycle time, as well as lowering 
manufacturing costs. Without these significant process and yield 
improvements, patient access to this innovative medicine would 
have been restrictive both in terms of affordability, as well as annual 
manufacturing capacity. 

•   Upstream and downstream process improvements in the manufacturing 

of REMICADE (infliximab) enabled a significant increase in batch 
yield, thereby improving the product’s environmental profile. The new 
REMICADE manufacturing process enables a significant reduction 
in required batches to deliver the final product, thereby lowering the 
quantities of raw materials to deliver the same output.

Pharmaceuticals in the environment (PIE)

We play an important role in supporting initiatives to reduce the 
potential impact of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in the 
environment. We have a mature and robust program for managing PIE 
and our position can be found here. 

Progress in 2022 included:

•   We continued our active participation in the industry-led Eco-

Pharmaco-Stewardship program, which released the Responsible 
Manufacturing Effluent Technical Guidance document, used by 
the industry and Johnson & Johnson to inform how we control the 
concentrations of APIs that may enter the environment from our 
manufacturing plants and those of our suppliers. 

•   As a member of the Antimicrobial Resistance Industry Alliance 

(AMRIA), we contributed to the publication of the AMRIA Antibiotic 
Manufacturing Standard: “Minimizing risk of developing antibiotic 
resistance and aquatic ecotoxicity in the environment resulting from 
the manufacturing of human antibiotics.”

•   We also joined the Innovative Medicines Initiative’s Prioritization 
and Risk Evaluation of Medicines in the Environment (PREMIER) 
project consortium, which brings together public and private sector 
organizations to proactively manage the potential environmental  
impact of medicines. The initiative aims to design a novel information 
and assessment system for identifying and addressing environmental 
risks of medicines to support a new European standard for 
environmental protection.

68

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub Environmental Health  Learn more    Learn more    Climate ActionWater & Waste ManagementAccountability
& Innovation

Manufacturing Operator Isabelle V. demonstrates manual intervention on the Seidenader automatic inspection line where syringes are inspected.  
Photo by Dries Luyten.

6969

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseSupplier EngagementSupplier DiversityCorporate GovernanceTax ResponsibilityEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsProduct QualityMedical SafetyCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeInformation Security & Data PrivacySupply Chain Innovation

Supply Chain Innovation

Innovation is a critical engine of our long-term business success and a driver of our positive contribution 
to sustainable development. 

Across Johnson & Johnson, we deliver innovation in multiple ways. 
In our Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health business 
segments, we combine innovative technologies with leading 
science to generate transformational solutions across the spectrum 
of healthcare (see section: Healthcare Innovation). Throughout 
our global operations and supply chain, we deploy the most 
advanced technologies, including digital, to support our diverse 
healthcare portfolio, focusing on quality, reliability and efficiency in 
bringing our products and treatments to patients to enable better 
health outcomes. Equally, we advance sustainability through our 
many technology-driven innovations that support environmental 
efficiencies in our global supply chain. Examples from 2022 include:

Embracing advanced technologies: We are early adopters of 
the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) across our organization. 
4IR means deploying digital technologies to make bigger and 
faster leaps forward in productivity, efficiency, sustainability and 
enhanced customer service. This approach is recognized by the 
World Economic Forum (WEF) Global Lighthouse Network that 
identifies leadership in 4IR technology deployment to transform 
factories, value chains and business models. Of the 145 Global 
Lighthouse designations granted by the WEF, Johnson & Johnson 
is privileged to have 11 Lighthouse designations—more than any 
other company in the world.

4IR represents a new era of innovation in technology. 
Building on the digital revolution that preceded it, 4IR 
is marked by a shift from innovation made possible 
by artificial intelligence, robotics, autonomous 
vehicles, 3D printing, the Internet of Things and other 
breakthrough digital technologies to innovation 
based on a fusion of these technologies.

Gary Hartnett
Vice President, Partnership & External Supply, 
Janssen Supply Chain

Johnson & Johnson Lighthouse Designations  
(as of March 2023)

Janssen

Cork, Ireland  
(2 designations)*

Latina, Italy

Vision

Jacksonville,  
Florida, U.S. 

London, UK

DePuy Synthes

Consumer Health

Cork, Ireland

Suzhou, China

Bridgewater,  
New Jersey, U.S.**

Helsingborg, Sweden

Bangkok, Thailand

Mulund, India

* Janssen’s Cork site in Ireland was designated twice: first, in 2020, for incorporating 
4IR technologies into daily manufacturing and supply chain operations, and 
again in 2022, for using 4IR to advance its sustainability efforts. ** Advance Case 
Management end-to-end business model recognized. Johnson & Johnson partners 
with customers to manage inventory at the point of consumption in an effort to 
ensure the right orthopaedic implants for the right patient at the right time. 

The four most recent Johnson & Johnson sites to receive WEF 
Lighthouse designations for adopting 4IR technologies are as follows:

•   Janssen, Cork, Ireland: Received a Sustainability designation for 
the use of adaptive process controls to automatically adjust the 
chiller system for faultless operation and built a digital twin chiller 
loop that connects the plant with its energy provider, allowing 
it to share and monitor a single source of data to dramatically 
reduce the site’s carbon footprint.   

•   Janssen, Latina, Italy: Deployed a streamlined continuous 
manufacturing line, which is fully automated and digitally 
connected to a similar “mirror line” located in the Janssen R&D 
plant in Beerse, Belgium. The twin lines—connected by sensors, 
big data and digital analytics—enable the quick and seamless 
transfer of products from R&D to manufacturing, greatly 
accelerating time to market, as well as improving product  
process time and efficiency.

•   Consumer Health, Bangkok, Thailand: Adopted AI in quality 
inspections on LISTERINE filling lines, replacing a manual 
inspection process. New AI modules on all filling lines learn 
the visual differences in bottle quality, enabling automatic 
identification of defective bottles to speed up the production 
process and reduce waste. Our site can now ship LISTERINE 
directly from the packing line, more than halving lead times  
for customers.

•   Consumer Health, Mulund, India: Deployed 4IR solutions such 
as demand sensing, smart logistics, robotics and 3D printing to 
improve reliability, accelerate new product introductions by 33% 
and enhance cost-effectiveness for customers.

Improving customer service with machine learning: We 
established the Janssen Track & Trace Platform to drive proactive 
risk management and enhance the customer experience. By using 
Internet of Things sensors with machine learning, we developed 
an industry-leading Estimated Arrival Time capability that provides 
customers with a 10-minute delivery window, an unprecedented 
level of accuracy in predicting and informing customers when 
shipments will arrive. This new capability is now live on the 
Johnson & Johnson Customer Connect website and will be a game 
changer for personalized medicine and time-sensitive products 
such as CAR-T technology-based cell therapies (see section: 
Pharmaceutical R&D), hospital trauma kits and gene therapies.

70

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman Rights  
Supply Chain Innovation

Revolutionizing our transportation network using real-time 
tools: Our implementation of a new Johnson & Johnson Global 
Transportation Control Tower, covering contracted inter-regional 
air and ocean transport and selected road transportation in our 
three business segments, has revolutionized transport planning 
efficiency, shipment visibility in transit and customer confidence 
in shipment status through real-time communications. The 
Control Tower, supported by our logistics partner, integrated 
hundreds of shipping sites, thousands of transportation lanes 
and dozens of ERP systems to form a single transport planning 
hub that offers several benefits, including end-to-end visibility of 
supply chain movements; standardized procedures for shipment 
booking and management; near-real time performance reporting; 
spend visibility and freight audit capabilities; and continuous 
improvements through freight optimization, improved lead times 
and improved response times.

The Global Transportation Control Tower is an 
important step in our journey to become an agile, 
digital and unified transportation team across the 
globe. It accelerates our reach to key markets, 
reduces our total spend and helps us monitor 
deliveries in real time to proactively resolve issues 
before they impact our customers.

Nico Sacco
Worldwide Vice President, Planning, Customer 
Management and Deliver, Janssen Supply Chain

Optimizing surgical inventories using real-time data: Advance 
Case Management (ACM), our digitally enabled system to increase 
perioperative efficiency—a priority for surgery centers and 
hospitals—was further scaled in 2022 after two years of operation. 
ACM digitally integrates electronic medical records, surgical 
schedules and patient health information to inform a proprietary 
AI-driven algorithm that can accurately predict patient-specific 
implant and surgical instrument needs based on patient joint sizing, 
biometrics and surgeon preference. Using ACM, patient- and 
procedure-specific equipment is supplied to surgery centers and 
hospitals, enabling them to reduce overall J&J MedTech inventory, 
minimize operating room setup time and achieve other efficiencies 
leading to higher equipment availability alongside cost savings. ACM 
doubled its volume in 2022, supporting surgeons in more than 150 
health systems around the U.S. and improving overall patient care. 

Creating a smart Hot Room in China: At our J&J MedTech 
Ethicon Suzhou Plant in China, the new smart Hot Room improves 
production efficiency, optimizes the production environment and 
reduces safety risks. Ethicon employees operate the Hot Room 
using intelligent automation (IA) to complete hot degassing, an 
important process for suture production. Employees have no need 
to enter the room at any stage, and by using Radio Frequency 
Identification (RFID) tagging, they can track products end to end in 
real time, enabling a touchless and accurate supply chain to meet 
China’s growing demand for surgical sutures. 

Automating new product development and launches: At J&J 
MedTech, IA is used to create a tailored, robotic document-drafting 
solution that accelerates new product launch timelines. Previously, 
J&J MedTech teams submitted thousands of pages of documents 
to regulators detailing device data and clinical study results 
when applying for new product authorization and, in many cases, 
different regulatory bodies require different data. This meant that 
J&J MedTech technical writers spent weeks reviewing extensive 
documentation to identify and collate the relevant content for 
regulatory submissions. With the new tool, machine learning and 

natural language processing are used to deconstruct documents 
into structured data sets that automatically populate new 
documents for submission, requiring only minor manual additions. 
This process increased efficiency, and has resulted in more concise 
documents—an additional advantage that reduces turnaround time 
for the multiple language translations required for each document.

Because we launch products across several 
jurisdictions, everything isn’t always called the same 
thing or in the same order in required regulatory 
documentation. We needed to create a solution that 
could use and gain knowledge to determine what 
data is being requested.

Joshua Samuels
Director, Clinical Evaluations,  
J&J MedTech

71

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsResponsible Supply Base

Responsible Supply Base

GRI 204-1, 304-3, 308, 414, SASB HC-MS-430a.3

A critically important link in our value chain, Johnson & Johnson’s supplier network underpins our 
business continuity and enables us to manufacture and deliver essential products and services to  
our patients, consumers and customers.

>46,000 
suppliers globally

$40.1 billion
total supplier spend*

Guided by Our Credo values, we aim to maintain collaborative 
supplier relationships and encourage a broad diversity of suppliers 
to work with us. Our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers, our 
Supplier Sustainability Program (SSP) and our Global Supplier 
Diversity & Inclusion Program are core frameworks that underscore 
our interactions with suppliers, what we expect of them and 
how we support them. Through our Partnerships for Good, we 
encourage our suppliers to join us in developing sustainable 
solutions to social and environmental challenges. 

The vital role of a strong supply network is evident to 
all of us at Johnson & Johnson. The saying “it takes 
a village” could have been written for our supply 
chain—although in our case, with tens of thousands of 
suppliers and Johnson & Johnson employees across the 
globe, we are talking about a very large village! But the 
point is clear: We could not achieve our goals without 
the dedication, collaboration, responsiveness and 
responsible conduct of all those who are engaged day-in 
day-out in helping us meet our commitments to our 
patients through the supply of products, goods,  
services and technologies to our organization.

Kathryn E. Wengel
Executive Vice President, Chief Technical  
Operations & Risk Officer, Johnson & Johnson

Our responsible supply base ambitions are reflected in three  
Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

Supplier Spend* Contracted by Region (%)

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

10%

Progress in Supplier 
Sustainability Program
•       42,800 suppliers are included in one of the three Tiers, 
representing 93% of Johnson & Johnson’s supply base.

Progress in Global Supplier  
Diversity and Inclusion
•       Achieved and exceeded target in two consecutive  

years 2021 and 2022.

Partnerships for Good
Established six total partnerships, including three partnerships 
in 2022 focused on women’s empowerment, packaging 
sustainability and fair chance employment.

1.   Co-developed a Women’s Empowerment program  

focused on ensuring women have equal professional  
access and growth opportunities.

2.  Deployed recyclable e-commerce-ready pumps into  

the Johnson & Johnson packaging portfolio.

3.  Implemented hiring practices to remove common barriers 
experienced by justice-impacted communities to build an 
equitable workforce.

56%

32%

3%

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Supplier Spend* Contracted by Business Segment (%)

13%

34%

23%

30%

Pharmaceutical

MedTech

Consumer Health

Corporate

* Represents spend we have control over/addressable spend, defined as products and services that procurement teams can negotiate with suppliers to meet business goals.

72

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  View ScorecardSupplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsSupplier Engagement

GRI 308-1, 308-2, 414-1, 414-2

Our supply base is an extension of our business and an important link to our customers around the world. In a large 
and diverse organization such as Johnson & Johnson, setting clear expectations of suppliers across all aspects of 
their interactions with us enables the best outcomes for our Company, our suppliers and all those we serve. 

Supplier Engagement

Suppliers are critical to our mission of changing the 
trajectory of health for humanity, and we recognize 
the broad-based impact these external partners have 
on our communities. That is why we are committed 
to working with suppliers who not only provide the 
highest-quality products and services, but who also 
share our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion; 
sustainability; and respecting human rights. By working 
with suppliers who embrace these imperatives, we can 
drive even greater benefits for society.

Shashi Mandapaty
Chief Procurement Officer,  
Johnson & Johnson

To help us deliver on the high standards embodied in Our Credo, 
we seek relationships with suppliers who uphold the principles 
reflected in our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers. These 
Standards outline our expectations on a number of important 
topics and are integral to our supplier-selection process, helping  
us build a supply base that shares our commitment to strong ethics, 
quality and global citizenship. The Standards are periodically 
updated to align with current best practices and our own internal 
advances. In 2022, we updated our Responsibility Standards for 
Suppliers, including new sections covering:

•   Supplier Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: Suppliers are expected 
to foster a culture of DEI within their own organizations and 
throughout their own supply bases.

•   Information Security: Suppliers are expected to rigorously 

manage their business activities, employ appropriate information 
security practices to safeguard data and systems and maintain 
business continuity.

•   Environmental Responsibility: Suppliers are expected to align 
with expanded requirements covering GHG reductions and the 
willingness to measure and publicly disclose data; increased 
focus on energy efficiencies; and integration of biodiversity 
considerations, recyclability and recycled material use.

We communicated the new Standards to our suppliers, supported 
by training and ongoing engagement.

We aim to work respectfully and collaboratively with all suppliers 
who engage with Johnson & Johnson. Our Supplier Sustainability 
Program (SSP) is a key tool to engage selected suppliers, requiring 
them to conform to our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers 
and regularly complete an assessment by EcoVadis, a recognized 
provider of business sustainability ratings for global supply chains. 
We also encourage transparency among our largest suppliers, 
encouraging them to publicly disclose their environmental 
performance, including GHG emissions and water use to CDP.

Johnson & Johnson was named to the 2022 CDP 
Supply Chain Leaderboard for the sixth consecutive 
year as a result of the strong participation of our 
suppliers in disclosure to CDP programs:

 85%

of invited suppliers participated 
in the CDP Supply Chain  
Climate Program

 74%

of invited suppliers participated 
in the CDP Supply Chain  
Water Program

Assessing and engaging suppliers on social risks: We continued 
to strengthen our processes and tools to assess, verify and address 
risks in our supply base as part of our compliance with laws and 
regulations and to check conformance to the Human and Labor 
Rights section of our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers. Our 
human rights in the supply base work included targeted due 
diligence of existing and potential suppliers, including the use of 
on-site SMETA (Pillar 4) audits and fuller investigations of potential 
high-risk commodities and supply chains. We also deployed two 
tech-enabled risk assessment tools: (i) using AI to gain upstream 
supply chain visibility of potential high-risk commodities, and (ii) 
embedding third-party modern slavery metrics in our SSP to  
assess potential supplier risks.

73

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Tax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsSupplier Engagement

In particular, we maintain multiple multiyear forest partnerships 
to enable the protection of tropical rainforests that are critical for 
climate mitigation, wildlife conservation and long-term community 
well-being. We focus on palm oil, working with the Earthworm 
Foundation and BSR’s Action for Sustainable Derivatives initiative, 
and wood-fiber products, working with the Rainforest Alliance, 
to build transparency in our sourcing and supply and engage our 
suppliers in responsible practices. Examples of forest initiatives 
we continue to support include an initiative of the World Wildlife 
Fund to restore forests and protect more than 38,000 hectares of 
rainforest in Sumatra, Indonesia, and an initiative with the Forest 
Conservation Fund in Loreto, Peru, to prevent the deforestation of 
10,000 hectares of pristine Amazon rainforest.

Conflict minerals: As members of the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative and in line with regulatory requirements, we remain 
committed to taking steps to determine the use, country of origin 
and source of tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold in our global product 
portfolio. 

In 2022, we held the first dedicated human rights training session as 
part of our Onward Sustainability Training Program—launched in 2021 
and part of our SSP—for suppliers, providing guidance on developing 
human rights policy commitments (see section: Human Rights).

Building supplier capabilities: In 2022 as part of Onward, 
Johnson & Johnson Procurement and Sustainability managers, 
in collaboration with the British Standards Institute, introduced 
new content to more than 1,000 suppliers in 45 countries. These 
sessions were designed to focus on specific practical areas for 
development such as measuring and reporting GHG emissions, 
starting a supplier diversity program and establishing health and 
safety policies for employees. Our intention is not only to support 
our own suppliers so that they can help Johnson & Johnson 
achieve our goals, but also to help suppliers drive responsible 
conduct through their own supply chains, resulting in greater 
efficiency, resilience and sustainable practice for a wide supply 
network. Since launch, the Onward sessions have had more than 
1,300 attendees from our global supply base.

Engaging suppliers in innovation: Johnson & Johnson’s Supplier-
Enabled Innovation Program allows us to generate innovative 
solutions through engagement with our supply base using an 
innovation technology platform. In 2022, Johnson & Johnson’s 
Procurement organization held its second annual Supplier-Enabled 
Innovation Awards event, recognizing the top innovations from 
these programs in 2021. Among the award winners were:

•   Manufacturing design improvement: Working with a supplier, 

J&J MedTech was able to improve the performance of Ethicon’s 
flagship stapler by creating a new manufacturing process to 
deliver an enhanced design.

•   Enhancing precision marketing capabilities: Our OTC team in 
China worked with a supplier to generate unique data insights 
from consumer behavior data to help engage consumers and 
meet their needs more effectively. 

•   Improving product sustainability: Johnson & Johnson Consumer 

Health in Brazil partnered with several suppliers to develop a 
sanitary napkin under our SEMPRE LIVRE brand that uses 50% 
less plastic and includes a pouch component that is made of 
100% recyclable paper. 

Partnerships for Good: We executed three new Partnerships 
for Good in 2022, advancing our progress toward our Health 
for Humanity 2025 Goal to collaborate with suppliers to create 
10 solutions that drive environmental, social and economic 
improvements, bringing our total to six Partnerships for Good to 
date. The three new initiatives in 2022 were:

•   Fair chance employment: This partnership with Kelly Services 
is designed to remove barriers to employment for contingent 
worker job candidates who may have been previously overlooked. 
In this program, Kelly Services works with Johnson & Johnson to 
evaluate existing policies on a job-category basis and to craft and 
introduce new policies that eliminate unnecessary barriers and 
develop new contingent assignment postings with more inclusive 
language.

•   Recyclable pumps: This partnership with supplier Aptar enabled 

Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health to launch a recyclable 
pump for our AVEENO brand in European markets with potential 
for expansion internationally. With more than 100 million pumps 
used annually by AVEENO, this innovation has the potential to 
prevent huge volumes of plastic from entering our waste streams.  

•   Women’s Empowerment Initiative: Working with supplier 

Sodexo, this partnership focuses on women’s empowerment in 
EMEA and APAC, aiming to promote equal access for women 
to growth and opportunities in our workplaces. A program of 
initiatives, delivered jointly by Sodexo and Johnson & Johnson, 
includes mentoring, coaching, job-shadowing for women facing 
barriers to work, skilled volunteering opportunities and more.

Responsible sourcing

Throughout our business, we source commodities and raw 
materials, some of which require heightened procurement focus 
due to critical environmental or biodiversity concerns or elevated 
human rights risks in the supply chain. We work to understand the 
potential risks and impacts of our procurement activities in these 
areas and define appropriate standards and controls in responsible 
sourcing of commodities and raw materials of concern.

74

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Tax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman Rights 
Supplier Diversity

Supplier Diversity

Our Global Supplier Diversity & Inclusion program provides a platform for proactive outreach to diverse and small 
suppliers, collaboration with partners advancing supplier diversity and guidance to suppliers on how to engage 
with Johnson & Johnson. Now in the third decade of this program, we continue to realize the value that an inclusive 
supply base brings to our business, our people and our communities. We have expanded our global footprint 
driving social and economic impact in 20 markets, including the U.S.

A key measure of our progress to advance supplier diversity is our 
Global Impact Spend, representing addressable spend with small 
and diverse suppliers globally and small businesses in the U.S. Global 
Impact Spend was also one of our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals 
and was exceeded in 2021. This Goal, while concluded, is confirmed 
as having been exceeded again in 2022.

Global Impact Spend in 2022 by the Numbers

$5.88 billion 
Total Global Impact 
Spend, a 13% increase 
compared to 2021

$2,927 million 
with small businesses  
in the U.S.

$537 million 
with Tier 1 diverse 
suppliers in international  
markets

$3.21 billion 
in Tier 1 diverse spend  
and $650 million  
in Tier 2 diverse spend

9% increase 
in spend with U.S. 
Tier 1 women-owned 
businesses compared  
to 2021

10% increase 
in spend with U.S. Tier 
1 Black- and Hispanic-
owned businesses 
compared to 2021

For the 12th consecutive year, Johnson & Johnson  
maintained membership in the Billion Dollar Roundtable, a 
group of companies that advance best practices for supplier 
diversity and that spend at least $1 billion annually with 
diverse-owned suppliers.    

We are really proud to partner with Johnson & 
Johnson, recognizing them in 2022 at the very 
highest platinum level in our annual Global 
Champions of Supplier Diversity and Inclusion 
awards. Johnson & Johnson are amongst the best of 
the best globally in regards of inclusive spend. Our 
partnership, now in its 11th year, continues to grow 
as we seek to jointly drive action to break down the 
barriers that prevent women business owners from 
accessing new market opportunities.

Elizabeth A. Vazquez
CEO and Co-Founder, WEConnect International

In 2022, the Global Supplier Diversity & Inclusion team put  
additional focus on partnering with external advocacy partners to 
expand capability and capacity for diverse businesses. Following 
are a few highlights:

Broadening diverse supplier capabilities to compete in a global 
market: Johnson & Johnson sponsored the National Minority  
Supplier Development Council’s (NMSDC) Certificate of Excellence 
program, designed to broaden the capabilities of minority-owned 
businesses to compete in a global environment. During the  
nine-month program, launched in 2022, more than 80 select  
NMSDC-certified Women and Minority Business Enterprises 
benefited from coaching relationships with corporate leaders and 
mentors, as well as instructional seminars delivered by Rutgers  
Business School, subject matter experts from Johnson & Johnson 
and multiple industry partners.

Johnson & Johnson’s substantial support of diverse 
suppliers is an important indicator of their values. As a 
sponsor of a cohort of the NMSDC Center of Excellence 
Certificate Program, Johnson & Johnson is making 
a difference by investing in the growth of Minority 
Business Enterprises and Women Business Enterprises. 
That impacts communities and our economy. We are 
proud to partner with a company that has a long history 
of community engagement and corporate citizenship.

Jeffrey A. Robinson, Ph.D.
Academic Director, The Center for Urban Entrepreneurship  
& Economic Development, Rutgers Business School

75

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetyCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsSupplier Diversity

Expanded mentoring in manufacturing and logistics:  
Johnson & Johnson also became a founding sponsor of the  
Diverse Manufacturing Supply Chain Alliance (DMSCA) 
Foundation. This sponsorship enabled the organization to  
expand its training to incorporate digitalization modules and 
assessments to build the capabilities of suppliers. We have  
been a corporate partner of DMSCA, a development program  
for diverse manufacturers and logistics suppliers, since 2009.

Building capacity for women of color-owned businesses: 
Johnson & Johnson sponsored two cohorts totaling close to 50 
women in the Women’s Business Enterprise Council Metro NY  
and Greater DMV (District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia) Amplify 
program. Amplify is a program uniquely designed to engage and 
support women of color in maximizing opportunities to scale  
their businesses.

I entered this program hoping to build on the foundational 
understanding of running a business as a solopreneur, 
and I received so much more. I was able to expand my 
network and grow my business ... up 75% in revenue.

Bianca Ellis
CEO, ProjACCT Workflow

Supporting the development of advocacy bodies around the world: 
We support the development of advocacy bodies who help us to 
discover and certify diverse suppliers; these are critical enablers to 
our program but also advance the adoption of supplier diversity and 
inclusion practices for other companies to drive even greater impact.

Developing minority-owned supplier advocacy in Europe: 
Johnson & Johnson became a founding member of the European 
Supplier Diversity Project (ESDP), an initiative led by Minority 
Supplier Development UK to support ethnic minority and migrant-
owned businesses. ESDP aims to enable these businesses to certify 
and access opportunities in corporate supply chains. The initiative 
was supported by research sponsored by Johnson & Johnson that 
documents why an increasingly diverse Europe needs equality in 
procurement for ethnic minority entrepreneurs, who frequently 
suffer discrimination on the basis of their race or ethnicity. 

In 2022, we also sponsored the Buy Social Europe initiative to 
support our strategy to procure from Social Enterprises, as well 
as a new relationship with Out Britain to support our procurement 
from businesses owned by members of the LGBTQ+ community.  

Europe is increasingly diverse. Minority businesses help local 
economies thrive, create jobs and wealth, innovate and export, 
not to mention paying taxes. But minority entrepreneurs are 
often at an economic and social disadvantage.60

Engaging with customers and suppliers to extend end-to-end 
impact: We expanded our impact across our value chain through 
reporting and engagements with customers in the U.S. We 
introduced a customer engagement program in partnership with 
internal groups, connecting with more than 50 major customers 
across healthcare systems to share best practices and support their 
efforts to address social determinants of health. In addition, we 
grew our supplier Tier 2 spend reporting by 28% in 2022 through 
engagements with Johnson & Johnson prime suppliers.

60 Legrain P. and Fitzgerald M., “EQUIP Europe: Why an increasingly diverse Europe needs EQUality In Procurement for ethnic minority entrepreneurs,” MSDUK, https://www.
msduk.org.uk/static/EQUIP-Europe-Report.pdf, accessed February 2023.

76

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetyCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsCorporate Governance

GRI 2-9 

Corporate Governance

Our Board of Directors oversees our Company in accordance with Our Credo values, enabling us to 
put the patients we serve first and create value for society while maintaining a thriving business. 

Our governance structure, policies and processes are designed 
to serve the needs of our business, our shareholders and other 
stakeholders and to promote a culture of accountability across the 
Enterprise. For details of our corporate governance principles and 
approach, our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework, 
governance structures, Board Charters, organizational documents 
and all SEC filings, please see our Position on Corporate 
Governance and the Corporate Governance section on  
Johnson & Johnson’s website.

For more than 13 decades, Johnson & Johnson has 
shown that robust corporate practices, disciplined 
leadership and a values-driven culture is a winning 
mix, underpinning long-term value creation for our 
shareholders, patients, customers, partners and our 
employees around the world. As we move into the next 
era of our Company’s history with the separation of 
our Consumer Health business, this reliable legacy of 
doing the right things in the right way positions us well 
to continue to deliver on Our Purpose of profoundly 
changing the future of health for humanity.

Liz Forminard
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, 
Johnson & Johnson

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing execution of 
risk management duties and for assessing Johnson & Johnson’s 
approach to risk management. The Board reviews and discusses 
strategic, operational, financial and reporting risks, as well as 
non-financial, or ESG, risks, including compliance, environmental, 
social (e.g., human capital management) and cybersecurity risks, 
leveraging the ERM Framework. For more information, see section: 
ESG Governance).

Changes to our governance structure in 2022 included:

•   We announced the appointment of Joaquin Duato as the 10th 
Chairman of the Johnson & Johnson Board of Directors, in 
addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer, effective January 
2023. We also announced that Alex Gorsky would be stepping 
down from his role as Executive Chairman. 

•   During the annual review of how the Board evaluates and 

mitigates risk, we concluded that our Regulatory Compliance 
& Sustainability Committee was best positioned to oversee 
certain ESG matters alongside other complementary compliance 
matters. In turn, the Science & Technology Committee now 
oversees medical safety and devotes even greater attention to 
the Company’s product pipeline and evaluation of innovative 
technologies. This restructuring helps ensure that our governance 
structure reflects the most important issues and opportunities 
facing Johnson & Johnson.

•   The collaboration between the Compensation & Benefits 

Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board was formalized 
to ensure that incentives and compensation are appropriately 
aligned with financial performance and Our Credo.

Our Board of 
Directors as of  
April 2023:

 92%
independent

 50%

women

 25%

ethnically/racially diverse

77

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsTax Responsibility61

GRI 207-1, 207-2, 207-3, 207-4

First published in 1943, Our Credo stipulates that paying taxes is our responsibility to the communities 
in which we live and work. Johnson & Johnson is committed to paying our fair share of taxes. 

Our tax footprint evolves over time and reflects our healthcare 
activities and investments, including in research and development 
and manufacturing. What has not changed or wavered is our 
commitment to good corporate citizenship, which we demonstrate 
through sustainable values and behaviors relating to tax 
governance, compliance, planning, risk management, relationship 
with governmental authorities and transparency, which are more 
fully described in our Johnson & Johnson Tax Policy. This Tax Policy 
was updated in 2022 to provide greater transparency regarding our 
tax governance, compliance, tax planning and incentives.  

In 2022, Johnson & Johnson contributed approximately $13.7 
billion in taxes and fees to governments and economies around the 
world. This Total Tax Contribution is made up of two components: 
Total Taxes Borne by the Company and Total Taxes Collected. 
Taxes Borne are a direct cost to the Company, whereas Taxes 
Collected are collected from customers and employees on behalf 
of governments and ultimately remitted to them.

Our intent is to provide a comprehensive view of total taxes paid 
around the world. Corporate Income Tax represents payments 
in all markets in which we operate and is the amount reported 
as Income Taxes Paid in the 2022 Annual Report. Other taxes 
shown aggregate the Company’s data from 22 major markets that 
represent the vast majority of our revenues. We aspire to include all 
markets in future years. 

2022 Tax Contribution (Billions)

Taxes  
Borne

Taxes 
Collected

Corporate income tax

$5.2‡

—

Payroll & social insurance taxes 

$1.6‡

$4.9‡

Sales/use & other taxes 

$0.9‡

$1.1‡

Total 

$7.7‡

$6.0‡

Total tax contribution

$13.7‡

‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion.

Total Taxes Borne: In 2022, Johnson & Johnson bore $7.7 billion in 
taxes around the world. The taxes include corporate income taxes, 
the Company’s share of payroll and social insurance taxes and the 
Company’s share of sales and other taxes. Sales taxes include sales, 
use and non-recoverable value-added tax. Other taxes are primarily 
comprised of customs and other duties such as local taxes and 
special fees related to the pharmaceutical industry. 

Tax Responsibility

Total Taxes Collected: Additionally, in 2022 Johnson & Johnson 
collected $6.0 billion related to the commerce the Company 
generates. These collections were in the form of payroll and social 
insurance taxes from approximately 153,700 employees across the 
world, sales and use taxes and value-added taxes. These taxes are 
collected on behalf of governments from employees, customers 
and other business partners. Taxes Collected are an important part 
of the measure of the contribution made by Johnson & Johnson 
through job creation and business activities in the many countries 
in which we operate.

61 The tax information contained in this section is intended to provide the reader with an overview of all taxes contributed by Johnson & Johnson, and not just income taxes. It 
should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly 
Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings. 

78

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Supplier EngagementMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsEthics & Compliance

Ethics & Compliance

GRI 2-27, 205-2, 206-1, 417-1, 417-2, 417-3, J&J22-3, J&J22-4 

The values that guide our decision-making are spelled out in Our Credo, which guides us to act 
ethically and within the laws that govern our businesses everywhere and at all times. Supported by 
comprehensive policies, procedures and training programs, everyone at Johnson & Johnson knows  
the value of doing the right thing. 

Corporate Heroes Interactive Games strengthened our 
culture of accountability during Compliance Week 2022.

We embed Our Credo values throughout our Company to ensure 
all employees and contingent workers know their responsibilities 
to act in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and industry 
codes, as well as the Company’s internal standards and expectations 
for ethical and compliant conduct. We use our biennial Our Credo 
Survey to assess how our values come to life across the Enterprise, 
which is supplemented in alternate years by the Our Voice Survey, 
which monitors employee sentiment related to many topics, including 
ethical business conduct. 

Building on Our Credo values, Our Code of Business Conduct (CBC) 
and Health Care Compliance (HCC) policies list comprehensive 
ethical standards for decisions and actions in every market where 
we operate. Mandatory CBC training is conducted every two years, 
and HCC training is conducted each year. All new employees are 
assigned and required to complete CBC, HCC and other relevant 
required training. 

Aspects of ethics and compliance we advanced in 2022 included:

Updating our compliance framework: We revised our HCC 
Framework to provide updated practical guidance on compliance 
with HCC guidelines based on the “Ten Hallmarks of an Effective 
Compliance Program” of the U.S. Department of Justice and to 
highlight specific focus on the role of our business leaders in setting 
a strong message at the top and continuing to drive a culture of 
accountability throughout our organization.

Annual compliance training: Our Enterprise HCC Annual Training 
encompasses the foundations of compliance using role-based 
topics and scenarios to drive training effectiveness. We design 
our training with the objective of ensuring learning is achieved, 
incorporating interactive challenges and a final assessment. We 
evaluate learning transfer using our proprietary methodology, and 
in 2022, our evaluation showed that learning transfer proved to be 

statistically reliable for a third year in a row. This indicates that critical 
thinking was required to answer the Enterprise HCC Annual Training 
assessment questions correctly and that passing the assessment  
was not simply the result of guesswork.

105,000
employees completed 
HCC training.

97%
of sales and marketing 
employees completed 
HCC training.

In 2022, the Johnson & Johnson 
Enterprise HCC Annual Training 
Measuring Effectiveness 
methodology was awarded the 
prestigious Brandon Hall Gold 
Award for “Best Advance in 
Compliance Training,” along with 
a Silver Award for “Best Advance 
in Learning Measurement.”

Reinforcing our culture of accountability: Throughout 2022, our 
communication and training efforts focused on strengthening 
the culture of accountability with several initiatives, including 
communications from leadership; ethical leadership workshops using 
situational cases; and training to assist in preventing, detecting and 
correcting non-compliant behavior, as well as the Compliance Week 
2022 Initiative containing interactive games, contests, and appealing 
communication materials to support culture-building initiatives under 
the tagline “People Follow People.”

Compliance-Related 
Investigations and Responsible 
Marketing Indicators 

2022

2021

2020

Number of compliance-related  
allegations investigated

749‡

661

559

Percentage of compliance-related allegations  
investigated by category   

Healthcare compliance

55%‡

48%

41%

Financial

Other 

36%‡

43%

51%

9%‡

9%

8%

Number of warning letters or 
untitled letters issued by OPDP or 
APLB in the U.S.*

0

0

0

‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and 
PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
* OPDP: Office of Prescription Drug Promotion; APLB: Advertising and Promotional 
Labeling Branch of the FDA Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research.

79

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyHuman Rights 
Ethics & Compliance

Inquiries and Complaints 
as Recorded With  
Our Credo Integrity  
Line by Category*

Human Resources-related

Business integrity-related

Other (privacy, information 
security, general security, 
EH&S, etc.)

General information 
questions

Financial-related

Human rights-related

Product quality- and 
patient safety-related

2022

2021

2020

71%‡

11%‡

6%‡

3%‡

4%‡

1%‡

3%‡

55%

14%

9%

8%

7%

5%

2%

51%

12%

11%

10%

14%

Not 
reported

2%

‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and 
PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
* Johnson & Johnson Triage Committee and case investigators have the ability to 
change the issue type of the cases upon receipt in Our Credo Integrity Line. This 
occurred for no more than 16% of cases in 2022.

The Our Credo Integrity Line provides a channel for all employees, 
contractors, customers, third-party agencies and other partners to 
report potential violations of the CBC, other Company policies or  
the applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation.  
The 2022 increase in Human Resources inquiries and complaints 
to Our Credo Integrity Line is a result of a period of significant 
organizational change.

Continuous improvement in anti-corruption controls: We aim to 
achieve continuous improvement vigilance, governance, controls and 
processes to prevent corruption in any part of our business. Following 
our completion of the Transparency International UK (TI-UK) Corporate 
Anti-Corruption Benchmark in 2022, a comprehensive self-assessment 
tool that measures and compares the performance of anti-corruption 
programs across companies, we continued to engage in quarterly 
meetings with TI-UK and other companies participating in the 
benchmark to share insights and discuss best practices. 

   Learn more about our anti-corruption disclosures (NBIM)  
in our 2022 ESG Disclosure Index.

Johnson & Johnson was named in 2022 for the fifth consecutive 
year to the CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure 
and Accountability with Trendsetter status.

Independent assessment of external research proposals:  
Since 2014, we have been working with the Yale University Open 
Data Access (YODA) Project to enable a consistent approach for  
the independent assessment of external research proposals 
requesting the use of clinical trial data generated by Johnson & 
Johnson companies. As of 2022, 301 research proposals have been 
reviewed and 85 articles published using data shared through the 
YODA Project, enabling researchers to create new insights that 
advance science and medicine and lead to improvements in public 
health. Johnson & Johnson continues to demonstrate its support  
of expanding the reach of clinical trial data and, in 2022, joined  
the Vivli Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Data Register  
(see section: Antimicrobial Resistance).

We collaborate with NYU School of Medicine to support 
Janssen decision making for investigational medicine 
requests, also known as “compassionate use” or “pre-
approval access.” The Compassionate Use Advisory 
Committee (CompAC), comprising ethicists, physicians 
and patient representatives independently selected by 
NYU, provides recommendations to Janssen on pre-
approval access plans and individual requests received 
at Janssen. CompAC affirms Johnson & Johnson’s 
commitment to ensuring a transparent, ethical and 
objective approach to reviewing compassionate use 
requests. Since 2015, Janssen has provided access to 
almost 8,000 patients globally through its Pre-Approval 
Access (PAA) Program. In 2022, we further advanced 
transparency by providing, for the first time, a list of 
potential treatment options available per country or 
territory on Janssen.com.

Keeping bioethics on the agenda: Our Office of the Chief Medical 
Officer (OCMO) sponsors the Johnson & Johnson Bioethics 
Committee (JJBC), which advises our global teams on ethical issues, 
in alignment with our Ethical Code of Conduct for R&D. In 2022, the 
JJBC continued to advise many Johnson & Johnson teams on ethical 
questions related to research, access to investigational medicines 

and data transparency; conducted workshops on bioethics 
principles; and launched a bioethics-related mentoring program for 
employees. JJBC members undertook professional ethics training 
with Fellowships at Auschwitz for the Study of Professional Ethics 
(FASPE). In addition, OCMO sponsored the Harvard Multi-Regional 
Clinical Trials Bioethics Collaborative; a bioethics colloquium 
convened by NYU and the New York Academy of Sciences; and  
co-founded and co-chairs the Bioethics Community within DIA,  
a global organization advancing life sciences networks. 

Promoting animal welfare: Research involving animals has led 
to major medical advances and will continue to be an important 
part of further discoveries until viable non-animal alternatives are 
developed and accepted. Year after year, we utilize non-animal 
alternatives whenever possible and work with regulatory bodies to 
gain acceptance of appropriate non-animal alternatives. Johnson & 
Johnson is committed to the 3Rs principles for the ethical treatment 
of animals involved in biomedical research—replacing, reducing 
and refining their use whenever possible. Our Global Animal 
Welfare Officer is responsible for ensuring adherence to and 
monitoring our animal welfare standards, supported by many R&D 
professionals who are certified in different aspects of veterinary 
medicine and animal welfare. 

As part of our commitment to the ethical and humane treatment of 
laboratory animals under our care, we hold an annual 3Rs awards 
program to recognize our teams’ outstanding achievements in 
replacing, reducing and refining the use of animals in the fields of 
biomedical research, education or training. In 2022, the winning 
innovation advanced the use of donated human cadavers to avoid 
animal use in HCP training on medical devices.

We are transparent about our animal welfare practice and engage 
widely to inform, share and work toward improving public policy 
on animal testing. For example, in 2022, Janssen’s Beerse site 
in Belgium welcomed the Animal Welfare Committee from the 
Flemish Parliament and a number of other stakeholders from the 
life sciences ecosystem. Visitors toured the animal facilities and 
engaged in discussions around Janssen’s animal welfare policy  
and alternatives that could reduce animal testing.

100% of facilities with animals have veterinary oversight. 100% 
of sites with animals are accredited by AAALAC International.

80

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Learn more    Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyHuman RightsHuman Rights

GRI 402-1, 406, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 412-2 

Guided by Our Credo values, we respect and promote human rights across our operations, through 
our business relationships and in the communities in which we operate.

Focus Areas: In line with the UNGPs, we focus our efforts in areas 
where the potential and actual risk of adverse human rights impacts 
linked to our business is most significant. In 2022, we established a 
four-pillar framework to guide our human rights priority focus areas 
and related action plans.

The Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee (RCSC) of 
the Board of Directors provides oversight of management’s approach 
to respecting human rights. In 2022, the RCSC received an update 
outlining the continued evolution of the Company’s approach to 
human rights and external regulatory and stakeholder developments.

Human Rights

Fair Working Conditions
Ensuring fair working conditions for Johnson & Johnson 
employees and engaging our suppliers to do the same 
across our supply base

Access to Healthcare 
Advancing sustainable and equitable access to medicines 
and medical solutions that save and improve lives, cure 
patients and prevent disease for those in need

Safe, Effective Products 
Providing patients, consumers and healthcare providers 
with products that are as effective and safe as possible 
at every stage of product development, manufacturing, 
supply chain and commercialization

Sustainable Environment
Improving the environmental footprint of our operations,  
our products and value chain, while also integrating  
human rights considerations into our environmental  
policies and programs

Governance: Johnson & Johnson’s Enterprise Human Rights 
Governance Council (EHRGC), established in 2019, is comprised of a 
cross-functional group of senior leaders representing key functions 
and oversees the Company’s approach to human rights, including 
setting priority focus areas and implementing action plans on an 
annual basis. The EHRGC is supported with direction and guidance 
from our Chief Sustainability Officer and our Worldwide Vice 
President of Legal Strategy Operations and Risk Management. 

Improving human rights due diligence: We continually evolve and 
strengthen our broad-based human rights due diligence process. 
In 2022, we worked with ERM, an independent sustainability 
consultancy, to develop a risk identification tool to better identify 
geographies and sites at a potentially higher risk of adverse human 
rights impacts within Johnson & Johnson’s own operations and 
facilities. The tool will be deployed in 2023 to prioritize targeted 
due diligence reviews. In our supply base, we continued to assess 
human rights risks in our supply chain through the use of tools such 
as EcoVadis self-assessments from suppliers in our SSP and supplier 
audits. We also updated our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers 
(RSS), which strengthened guidance on how suppliers should 
establish policies and management systems to identify and address 
human rights impacts, and we provided training for suppliers on the 
RSS updates (see section: Supplier Engagement).

We prohibit the use of any forced or bonded labor in the manufacture 
of any product, or any component of a product, as outlined in our 
Anti-Human Trafficking Policy and Employment of Young Persons 
Policy. In 2022, we established an Anti-Modern Slavery work stream 
to advance our due diligence efforts in this area. We worked with 
Impactt—a consulting firm specializing in ethical trade and human 
rights—to support us in developing a suite of modern slavery due 
diligence materials such as training materials, a supplier assessment 
questionnaire and investigation guidelines. We also integrated Verisk 
Maplecroft risk indicators on Modern Slavery into our Supplier Risk 
Management system to identify potentially higher-risk suppliers. This 
work will inform further due diligence in 2023.

The risk of modern slavery in supply chains is critical 
for companies to consider in their approach to 
respecting human rights. We have been working 
in collaboration with Johnson & Johnson on its 
due diligence approach to identify and respond to 
potential modern slavery risks in the supply base.

Rosey Hurst
Founder and Commercial Director, Impactt

Maintaining a living wage: In line with our commitment to fair 
working conditions, we continued in 2022 to implement an annual 
living wage assessment in collaboration with Business for Social 
Responsibility (BSR) to ensure employees in all the countries in which 
we operate receive pay that is both market competitive and sufficient 
to attain a sustainable standard of living. As in previous years, we 
made a small number of wage adjustments in countries to ensure our 
living wage standards were met.  

Capability building: All Johnson & Johnson employees and certain 
categories of contingent workers are assigned and required to 
complete the Code of Business Conduct training, available in 27 
languages, every two years. This training includes guidance related 
to human rights. Furthermore, our Foundational Human Rights 
Learning and Education course is available to all employees globally. 
At the end of 2022, more than 3,400 employees and contingent 
workers key to our human rights program had completed the module.

In 2022, 93% of Johnson & Johnson Procurement employees 
completed mandatory human rights training. 

Collaborating to advance human rights: We continue to 
participate in various external platforms to share insights and 
good practices across industry, including Shift’s Business 
Learning Program, BSR’s Human Rights Working Group and the 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative Human Rights and Labor 
Working Group.

   Learn more about our approach and frameworks to respecting human rights in our Position on Human Rights, our Responsibility Standards  
for Suppliers and related ESG Policies & Positions. For our grievance mechanism, see section Ethics & Compliance.

81

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & Compliance 
Product Quality

GRI 416-2, J&J 22-8, SASB HC-BP-250a.3, HC-BP-250a.5, HC-MS-250a.1, HC-MS-250a.4 

Johnson & Johnson reaches patients and consumers across the world with our medicines, medical 
technologies and consumer health products. Their safety when using our products is a critical priority for 
Johnson & Johnson: We insist on quality and safety at every stage of product development, manufacturing, 
supply chain and commercialization.

We have a bold ambition to be at the leading edge in 
our industry with a quality and compliance organization 
enabled by a fully connected digital ecosystem and 
highly competent people who are skilled in managing 
and addressing all aspects of the quality spectrum. The 
future of healthcare will increasingly rely upon digital 
solutions, and we have been continually evolving our 
systems and our teams to embrace digital technology 
that support consistent quality, compliance and positive 
experiences with our products for patients, consumers 
and customers.

Carol Montandon
Global Vice President, Chief Quality Officer, 
Johnson & Johnson

Reinforcing our commitment to quality, all employees 
are required to take our interactive e-Learning Quality 
Management Framework course. The course informs 
employees about our quality management systems and 
provides examples of roles and responsibilities that help 
maintain quality across Johnson & Johnson and how 
everyone, in every role, should play a part.

Quality management 

Our commitment to quality, safety and reliability is the basis for 
everything we do. Our Quality Policies and Quality Standards cover 
the lifecycle of our products from R&D to the patient and consumer 
experience. They provide a framework and common foundation of 
quality expectations and help ensure a reliable supply of high-quality 
products across all our business segments in the markets we serve. 

In 2022, our Quality & Compliance organization led several 
improvements in our quality and compliance practices, including:

Transforming quality processes with digital solutions: Many tasks in 
Quality & Compliance are transactional, and to date, much employee 
time has been spent on manual processes. Automating manual tasks 
by applying intelligent analytical tools allows employees to tackle 
higher-value tasks such as data-driven proactive decision making 
and assessing larger data sets to further advance preventive quality 
management and create valuable product and patient insights. 
We continued to progress the digital transformation of our quality 
process and management systems in several ways, including:

•   Installed a new data portal to increase access to Quality & 

Compliance data sources and improve agility through quality 
insights, analytical data tools and dashboards across all business 
segments.

•   Achieved considerable efficiencies through the automation of 
manual processes, enabled by IA applications, in combination 
with data insights and natural language processing solutions. 

•   Developed new digital tools to assist in simplifying and improving 
the quality of literature, document and report reviews; capturing 
product insights from complaints; improving product release 
cycle time through transparency planning and managing sample 
and process flows.

Product Quality 
Indicators

2022

2021

2020

Number of FDA warning 
letters issued

0

0

0

Product recall rate* by business segment

Pharmaceutical

0.003%‡

0%

0%

MedTech

0.005%‡

0.059%

0.034%

Consumer Health Self-
Care OTC**

0%‡

0%

0%

‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and 
PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.
* Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from market per total 
globally manufactured, based on field action removals where it has been determined 
internally by a Quality Review Board, and aligned by Johnson & Johnson Enterprise 
Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause 
temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and, in certain cases, 
will cause serious adverse health consequences. ** The Pharmaceutical and MedTech 
recall rates consider all products in each business segment. The Consumer Health 
product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self-Care 
over-the-counter (OTC) business segment.

82

Product Quality

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsProduct Quality

Refreshing our Quality & Compliance Competency Model: 
This model prioritizes upskilling our people to prepare them for 
proactive and capable quality management in a digitally enabled 
future. It encourages employees to actively participate in their 
individual career journey and promotes a culture of continuous  
and innovative learning.

Johnson & Johnson’s Quality & Compliance 
Competency Model has two core categories,  
nine core competencies and four proficiency levels 
per competency. 

Employees around Johnson & Johnson engaged with our Quality 
Month in multiple in-person and virtual events across all our 
communication channels.

Employees from Janssen India engaged in Quality Month. From left to right:  
Mahadev Desai, Shivani Ganesh Nalavade and Saurabh Dole.

Introducing a new quality model for better customer experience: 
Customer Experience Engineering (CxE) is a new proactive 
quality model and capability that supports the involvement of our 
Quality & Compliance organization in technical improvements for 
products and services. CxE focuses entirely on the experiences 
of our customers and is led by internal Quality experts who can 
make a practical contribution to solving product challenges. With 
several projects in the pipeline, CxE promises to help transform the 
experience of patients, physicians and surgeons by enhancing our 
product and delivery quality with tangible customer outcomes. For 
example, in 2022, the Quality & Compliance CxE team engaged 
with the J&J MedTech DePuy Synthes team to solve a challenge 
relating to its PUREVUE Visualization System, which is used for 
arthroscopic procedures. When the system’s camera lens began 
to fog up during procedures, temporarily clouding the visualization 
of the operating area, the CxE team visited surgeons to witness 
the issue in real time in operating rooms and contributed to a 
new design solution that significantly improved the temporary 
visualization issue.

Reimagining Quality Month: Our theme for 2022 Quality Month 
was “Digitally Enabled End-to-End Quality,” which was supported 
by weekly topics that encouraged our global sites to focus on 
critical Quality & Compliance initiatives:  

•   Digital transformation: Using digital to enable our employees, 

customers and patients.

•   Strategy: Leading the way in end-to-end patient, consumer  

and customer experiences enabled by a fully integrated  
digital ecosystem.  

•   Innovation: Innovating through the use of digital tools to  

enhance customer success.

•   Learning: Driving learning and engagement beyond Quality 
Month to build a digitally enabled workforce for the future.

The Quality & Compliance Capability Framework, including the 
Competency Model, developed with wide collaboration across 
Johnson & Johnson, is aligned with our Enterprise approach to 
learning and development and provides an advanced platform to 
ensure our employees are developing within the critical capabilities 
needed most to deliver on our Quality & Compliance strategic goals, 
including strengthening the Quality & Compliance talent pipeline.

Judith Boateng and Katherine Buitrago participate 
in Quality Month from our Raritan, New Jersey site.

83

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsMedical Safety

At Johnson & Johnson, we recognize our fundamental responsibility is to provide patients, consumers 
and healthcare providers with products that are as effective and safe as possible. We take an evidence- 
and science-based, ethics- and values-driven approach to medical safety, putting patient and 
consumer well-being first and foremost in our decision making and actions.

The Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO) is a global, 
functionally independent group of medical and scientific 
professionals working across Johnson & Johnson to guide 
excellence in product safety and development across our three 
business segments. We apply our expertise in safety science, 
epidemiology and bioethics to inform evidence- and science-based 
product decisions that put people first. OCMO also chairs the 
Pharmaceutical Development Committee, which reviews product 
development plans to ensure that our products address unmet 
needs and benefit the people who will ultimately use them.

Our Healthcare for Women 2025 Goal reflects the growing 
importance of RWD in improving health outcomes.

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

Progress in Healthcare for Women
Achieved publication in nine original publications of insights 
based on real-world data points representing more than 27 
million women, with a research focus in two main areas: 

1.   Maternal health racial equity. 

2. Sex as a biologic variable, as women have traditionally been 
underrepresented in medical research.

Primary contributing publications include the following studies: 
New Jersey maternal mortality dashboard: an Interactive social-
determinants-of-health tool (27 million+ data points representing 
female residents) and Sex differences in sequelae from COVID-19 
Infection and in long COVID Syndrome: a review (600,000+ 
female participants).

At Johnson & Johnson, leading OCMO provides me 
and our entire team with the opportunity to make a 
far-reaching and lasting contribution to improving 
patients’ lives by delivering the most advanced 
methods to assure product safety in our Company 
and across our industry.

William N. Hait, M.D., Ph.D.
Executive Vice President, Chief External Innovation 
and Medical Officer, Johnson & Johnson

OCMO, in collaboration with many internal and external groups, 
advanced multiple initiatives to improve medical safety, including 
innovative RWD methods to generate reliable real-world evidence 
about patient health outcomes across numerous initiatives 
spanning pharmaceutical products, vaccines, medical devices and 
Consumer Health products. Highlights of this work in 2022 include:

Improving access to critical medical devices using RWD: We 
conducted RWD studies to inform clinical and regulatory safety 
decision making in two key areas: evaluating the safety of our 
TFN-ADVANCED Proximal Femoral Nailing System compared 
to other nail implants to treat hip fractures and evaluating the 
potential risk of cancer and reproductive issues associated with 
cobalt-containing devices. Our work in both areas generated 
extensive evidence of comparative safety of both TFN-ADVANCED 
and cobalt-containing products being confirmed as safe to use in 
patients, which we supported with the publication of six papers 
in peer-reviewed journals to drive transparency among patients, 

GRI 416-1

surgeons and regulators. These studies are important to provide 
information on the safety and effectiveness of these devices,  
which provide life-changing healthcare for thousands of patients  
in different parts of the world.

Janssen participated, along with industry experts and 
regulators, in the International Council for Harmonisation of 
Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use 
(ICH) Expert Working Group on development of the ICH E19 
Guideline that aims to support large-scale efficacy and safety 
clinical trials.

Advancing the safety of children: The safety of children has 
always been a priority for Johnson & Johnson in R&D and across 
our OTC medicines. Achievements in 2022 include:

•   Treatment for children suffering from active psoriatic arthritis 
(PsA): OCMO’s Child Health Innovation Leadership Department 
(CHILD) supported Janssen’s clinical development team in the 
design and execution of a pediatric safety study to evaluate the 
safety of a new treatment option for pediatric patients with active 
PsA. The generated data, now in our label, supported a much-
needed treatment option to enable children suffering from PsA  
to live a fuller life.

•   Spearheading medication safety and education: Health 

education programs can help families protect small children 
from accidental unsupervised ingestion of medicines, a frequent 
occurrence that often requires emergency treatment. In 2022, 
OCMO collaborated with Young Minds Inspired to develop 
educational resources to teach youth about OTC medicine safety, 
worked with the nonprofit Safe Kids Worldwide to implement 
a medication safety program with tools and tips for parents 
about safe storage and dosing of medicine and continued to 
advance safe pill storage innovation in collaboration with the 
CDC PROTECT Initiative and QuickFire Challenge Awardee 
Gatekeeper Innovation Inc. The winning QuickFire Challenge 
concept, which reinvented the traditional pill minder for improved 
safety, functionality and patient adherence, is anticipated for 
commercialization in 2023.

84

Medical Safety

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  View ScorecardSupplier EngagementTax ResponsibilitySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsTalc safety: We continue to address allegations that JOHNSON’S 
Baby Powder can cause adverse health effects. We sympathize 
deeply with patients and their families and appreciate that they are 
seeking answers. However, the science and the facts show that 
their illnesses were not caused by their use of our talcum-based 
products. For more information, please see factsabouttalc.com.

Talc transition: In 2022, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health 
made the commercial decision to transition to an all cornstarch-
based baby powder portfolio as part of a larger portfolio 
assessment. As a result of this transition, talc-based JOHNSON’S 
Baby Powder will be discontinued globally in 2023.

Promoting maternal health: OCMO supported the advancement 
of maternal health and maternal health equity in the U.S. through 
continued guidance to clinical teams in conducting evidence-
generation activities that include women, as well as pregnant and 
lactating women, and collective action to close the Black maternal 
health equity gap. Through this work, we are accelerating sex-
disaggregated data, uncovering insights that can improve care 
and outcomes for women and offering evidence so that pregnant 
people and their providers can make informed decisions about the 
safe use of Johnson & Johnson products. Recent examples include: 

•   Accelerating women-centric science by further shifting from 
sex-biased to more sex-inclusive science and data to provide 
treatment and innovation that is specifically tailored for women. 
OCMO collaborated with different groups within Johnson & 
Johnson to provide sex-differentiated analyses on immunologic, 
neurologic and other conditions to understand the experiences 
that men and women have and how altering the approach to 
treatment might enhance the health of both sexes. Through 
our Healthcare for Women Health for Humanity 2025 Goal, 
we delivered nine publications that provide sex-differentiated 
analyses for long COVID, psoriasis and other conditions. 

•   Advancing pregnancy and lactation science through the 

Johnson & Johnson Pregnancy and Lactation Advisory Group 
(JJ-PAL), composed of experts across 14 functions to support 
the planning of evidence-generation activities in pregnant 
and lactating people. JJ-PAL progressed in several areas in 
2022, including nine internal consultations to product teams 
to help improve designing and interpreting evidence related 
to safe use of medication during pregnancy or lactation; 
delivering a searchable inventory of global RWD sources for 
studying medication use during pregnancy and lactation; co-
chairing a National Academy of Science, Engineering, and 
Medicine Workshop to facilitate inclusion of pregnant and 
lactating people in clinical research; and initiating a survey of 
pregnant, postpartum and lactating persons in the U.S. to better 
understand opportunities for increased inclusion of pregnant  
and lactating people in clinical trials.   

•   Improving maternal health outcomes for Black women through 

several activities that included initiating an effort to design a 
care model that reimagines the role of the front office staff as 
patient connectors, advocates and critical members of the care 
team; initiating an effort to elevate representation of Black people 
in medical illustrations; and continuing to advance multiple 
pilot projects to investigate the creation of digital tools to help 
advance maternal healthcare services for Black women and 
birthing people.

Enhancing the patient voice in clinical studies: We are co-leading 
the Innovative Medicines Initiative PREFER project, a five-year 
project to establish recommendations for industry regulatory 
authorities and Health Technology Assessment bodies on how and 
when to use patient preferences on benefits and risks of medicinal 
products in decision making. Johnson & Johnson serves on the 
PREFER steering committee, and in 2022, we closely supported 
two achievements: 

•   PREFER released a detailed framework and recommendations for 
industry, regulators and health technology assessment bodies on 
the assessment and use of patient preferences in medical product 
decision making.

•   The PREFER framework received formal qualification from 
the EMA and the European Network for Health Technology 
Assessment (EUnetHTA).

The EMA qualification of the PREFER framework is significant 
because it will enable a more explicit pathway for stakeholders to 
engage with the EMA on conducting patient-focused, structured 
benefit-risk assessments. It will also help to grow the acceptability 
of such studies as part of clinical and regulatory decisions around 
the world.

In 2022, we co-authored a new report from the Council for 
International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) with 
recommendations to involve patients throughout the lifecycle  
of medicines. 

Medical Safety

85

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilitySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsCounterfeiting & Illicit Trade

GRI J&J22-5, SASB HC-BP-260a.1, SASB HC-MS-430a.2 

For Johnson & Johnson, trade in counterfeit products is enormously concerning. Counterfeit healthcare 
products place people—the very people we aim to help—at risk of adverse events, serious health problems 
and potentially death. Fake medical products undermine confidence in product quality, safety and reliability, 
which, at Johnson & Johnson, are at the center of everything we do. 

Ongoing, we continue to deploy holistic brand protection 
programs to enhance our value chain integrity and to disrupt 
the illicit supply chain. We partner internally across functions 
and also engage widely in an array of national and international 
trade groups, industry alliances, organizations, law enforcement 
agencies, educational coalitions and other groups that share our 
determination to eliminate counterfeiting globally. 

Counterfeiting & Illicit Trade

We constantly strive to adopt new ways of monitoring and detecting 
illicit trade through enhanced product security and analytics. 
Advanced technologies are critical in addressing the growing 
sophistication of illicit trade, especially in online marketplaces. Our 
24/7 online monitoring includes more than 780 global marketplaces, 
108 dark web locations, 24 social media sites and more than 
294,000 unique domains. We investigate bad actors and seek to 
stop the flow of illicit trade by sharing relevant information with law 
enforcement to assist in tracking down and prosecuting those who 
are endangering patients through illicit trading activities. 

Fake medicines kill almost 500,000 sub-Saharan Africans a year.62

Guided by Our Credo, we aim to safeguard patients and 
our brand reputation against the risks posed by illicit 
trade, which includes product counterfeiting, tampering 
and illegal diversion. Protecting patients and consumers 
against counterfeit versions of our products is essential 
in promoting worldwide access to beneficial healthcare 
and our genuine Johnson & Johnson products.

Taira Bell
Vice President, Global Brand Protection,  
Johnson & Johnson

We continue to record our trademarks with customs and border 
protection agencies to help eliminate illicit versions of our products 
from crossing borders around the world. We conduct specialized 
training for various national and international law enforcement 
agencies across the globe. 

In 2022, we conducted 104 training sessions that led to 24 
related seizures of illicit trade shipments in various regions.

During 2022, we continued to reinforce our programs and engage 
widely across our markets, including with regulatory bodies, to 
protect our patients by combating fake products and illicit trade. 
For example, throughout the first half of 2022, Johnson & Johnson 
was actively involved in an investigation into a counterfeit HIV 
medication ring and filed suit against a number of distributors 
and pharmacies who were involved with this scheme. On June 17, 
the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) announced the arrest and 
indictments of two individuals for allegedly distributing more than 
$230 million in adulterated HIV drugs to unsuspecting patients 
across the U.S. We continue to engage with the DoJ and law 
enforcement in ongoing investigations. 

J&J MedTech’s Ethicon created a compelling educational 
campaign targeting healthcare facilities to raise awareness about 
risks of counterfeit medical devices to patients and how to prevent 
their introduction into the supply chain. Informational materials 
were distributed and promoted by Ethicon’s sales force using 
various channels; for example, Ethicon presented information 
about how the illegal gray market is a conduit to counterfeit 
products to 1,300 attendees at the American Society for Healthcare 
Risk Management (ASHRM) 2022 Annual Conference. This was 
the first time this topic had ever been presented at ASHRM to an 
influential audience of healthcare risk professionals, and we hope 
this will lead to further engagement and collaboration to combat 
illicit trade. 

62 United Nations News, “Fake medicines kill almost 500,000 sub-Saharan Africans a year: UNODC report,” https://news.un.org/en/story/2023/02/1133062, accessed February 2023.

86

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Learn more    Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversitySupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityInformation Security & Data PrivacyEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsInformation Security & Data Privacy

We believe in maintaining a proactive information security strategy to protect information assets 
against deliberate or inadvertent threats to safeguard our business.

Ensuring availability of critical systems and preventing 
unintended or unauthorized access to business and 
personal information is foundational to our business 
continuity and the people who rely on Johnson & Johnson 
each day.

Gary Harbison
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), 
Johnson & Johnson

Similarly, Johnson & Johnson is committed to data privacy and 
ensuring that protecting personal information is integral to our core 
way of operating. In addition to our Code of Business Conduct and 
compliance with the laws that apply to our operating companies’ 
handling of personal information, we maintain robust data privacy 
controls to protect the personal information of our employees, 
customers, partners and all those who entrust their information to us.

The complex patchwork of compliance obligations and 
active regulatory enforcement in many international 
markets imposes greater demands on data protection and 
cyber professionals to design the right type of governance 
models and solutions to ensure that Johnson & Johnson 
can compliantly pursue its data-related initiatives across 
the globe.

Winston Khoo
Chief Privacy Officer, Johnson & Johnson

We improved the robustness of our information security and 
privacy programs in 2022 in the following ways:

Enhancing protection against cyber risk in critical 
pharmaceutical research: We improved the cyber posture of 
multiple Pharmaceutical R&D sites, deploying additional cyber 
capabilities to protect both systems and data. These actions 
improved the protection of Company IP and the resilience of 
our R&D environments in meeting the needs of our healthcare 
partners and patients, reduced the potential for R&D to 
be negatively affected by a cyber event and increased the 
protection of Company IP. New capabilities included technology 
implementations in research and laboratory environments to 
provide increased visibility to the security posture of R&D systems 
and detection of potential cyber threats.

Expanding cyber capabilities: Through both investments in new 
capabilities and strategic partnerships, we improved the security 
of company products, data and systems. Our initiatives included 
a strategic investment in technology from an industry-leading 
security provider to enhance the security of our medical device 
product suite, the deployment of new capabilities supporting 
continued adoption of zero trust principles for increased 
cyber protection of both the Company and our customers and 
deployment of advanced AI-supported tools to better detect and 
block security threats.

Protecting personal information: We continued our commitment 
to protecting personal information of our consumers, clinical 
research participants and employees, expanding our efforts 
to ensure compliance with growing legal and regulatory data 
protection requirements that broaden the protection of individual 
data subject rights. At the same time, we continued to participate 
in industry associations and external forums to help shape new 
regulations under review on cross-border data flows, data 
localization and other healthcare initiatives in the privacy and 
cybersecurity space. Focus areas in 2022 included establishing 
compliance programs for new and expanded U.S. state privacy 

GRI 418-1  

laws and multiple privacy and data security legal regulations in 
China. We also supported data science and digital initiatives, 
including defining standards for anonymization, pseudonymization 
and de-identification, to increase our ability to compliantly leverage 
data insights and promote digital health solutions in our sectors. 
We made progress on various key privacy processes designed to 
consistently support the rights of consumers and patients for the 
management of their personal data and delivered privacy support 
to ensure successful completion of major deals.

Reinforcing our cybersecurity and privacy frameworks: To ensure 
continuous evaluation and enhancement of the Johnson & Johnson 
cybersecurity program, we periodically undertake program 
maturity assessments and pursue security certifications. By way 
of example, in 2022, we engaged an independent third party to 
conduct a maturity assessment against the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework, providing a current view of program maturity and 
areas for continued improvement. We also obtained ISO 27001 
certification for the environment supporting the Johnson & 
Johnson CAR-T immunotherapy offering in EMEA, extending the 
number of certifications we hold for a range of Company products. 
In parallel, we monitor the introduction of new standards such as 
ISO 31700 covering Privacy by Design, which was released in early 
2023, to evaluate the requirements and technical controls needed 
for the certification process.

Enhancing cyber awareness: Through 2022, we offered our 
employees around the globe various opportunities to improve their 
cyber awareness and learn more about smart cyber practices in 
innovative ways. One example is our CyberEscape online escape 
rooms, which attracted hundreds of employees who worked in teams 
to solve a series of basic cyber challenges and puzzles in different 
escape room scenarios, raising their cybersecurity knowledge. 

Additionally, alongside our ongoing information security and privacy 
training for all employees, in 2022, we expanded our Johnson & 
Johnson PhishSmarts phishing simulation program. This program 
provides quarterly simulated phishing emails and follow-up to help 
employees better detect real phishing attempts and defend against 
phishing email threats, which pose a potential risk to our organization.

87

Information Security & Data Privacy

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Reporting Hub Accountability & Innovation  Supplier EngagementTax ResponsibilityMedical SafetySupplier DiversityCounterfeiting & Illicit TradeSupply Chain InnovationResponsible Supply BaseCorporate GovernanceProduct QualityEthics & ComplianceHuman RightsReporting 
Hub

The Reporting Hub contains the  
following information:

The following downloads supplement  
the 2022 Health for Humanity Report:

•   Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)

•   Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)

•   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

•   Norges Bank Investment Management (NBIM)

•   UN Global Compact (UNGC); see our annual  

Communication on Progress. 

Three generations of women in STEM share their knowledge and experiences on how to inspire more girls to pursue careers 
in science and technology, reduce existing barriers and increase the number of female role models in these industries.

8888

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  2022 ESG Summary2022 ESG Disclosure Index detailing our performance against the following ESG standards and frameworks:Health for Humanity 2025 Goals ScorecardCDP Climate Change 2022CDP Water Security 2022GlossaryIndependent Assurance StatementsESG Performance Data ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationIndependent Assurance StatementsGlossaryESG Performance Data

Financial Results

Global Health Equity

1 Approximately $0.4 billion in both the fiscal 2021 and 2020, of certain international OTC products, primarily in China, 
were reclassified from the Pharmaceutical segment to the Consumer Health segment based on operational changes. 
2 Includes dividend declared in April 2023. 

List of products on the WHO List of     
Prequalified Medicinal Products as part of its   
Prequalification of Medicines Programme 

ESG Performance Data

Financial Results

Financial Results (Millions)

Total sales

Net earnings

Market price per share (year-end close)

R&D investment

Sales by business segment1

Pharmaceutical

MedTech

Consumer Health

Number of consecutive years of dividend increases2

2022

$94,943

$17,941

$176.65

$14,603

$52,563

$27,427

$14,953

61

$93,775

$82,584

$20,878

$171.07

$14,714

$14,714

$157.38

$12,159

$51,680

$45,175

$27,060

$22,959

$15,035

$14,450

60

59

Global Health Equity

VERMOX Donations

Number of VERMOX (mebendazole) doses donated

Annual total (millions)

Cumulative doses donated since the start of the initiative through the WHO  
and private donations (billions)

Number of countries where VERMOX (mebendazole) doses were donated

2022

200.72◊

2.2

61

Access to Tuberculosis Treatment1, 2

2022

2021

2020

Annual number of patients receiving access to  
bedaquiline molecule (branded and generic) 

133,636◊

135,493

133,565

2021

2020

Access to Medicine

2022

2021

2020

Number of products on the WHO List of   
Prequalified Medicinal Products as part of its  
Prequalification of Medicines Programme

Number of products on the WHO List of      
Prequalified Vaccines as part of its  
Prequalification of Vaccine Programme

6

2

6

2

6

0

Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 75mg 
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 150mg 
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 600mg 
Etravirine, Tablet, 
Film-coated 100mg 
Etravirine, Tablet 
25mg 
Mebendazole, 
Tablets, 
Chewable 500mg

Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 75mg
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 150mg
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 600mg
Etravirine, Tablet, 
Film-coated 100mg
Etravirine, Tablet 
25mg
Mebendazole, 
Tablets, Chewable 
500mg

Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 75mg
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 150mg
Darunavir 
(ethanolate), Tablet, 
Film-coated 600mg
Etravirine, Tablet, 
Film-coated 100mg
Etravirine, Tablet 
25mg
Mebendazole, 
Tablets, Chewable 
500mg

List of products on the WHO List of   
Prequalified Vaccines as part of its  
Prequalification of Vaccine Programme

Mvabea 
(MVA-BN-Filo
[recombinant]);
Zabdeno
(Ad26.ZEBOV-GP
[recombinant])
Ebola vaccine

Mvabea 
(MVA-BN-Filo 
[recombinant]); 
Zabdeno 
(Ad26.ZEBOV-GP 
[recombinant]) 
Ebola vaccine

0

 % change in average net price across U.S.  
product portfolio  vs. prior year3

(3.5)%

(2.8)% 

(5.7)%

89

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  Independent Assurance StatementsOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryOur Giving (Millions)

Total products and cash contributed

Products contributed

Cash contributed

2022

$4,292‡

$3,925‡

$367‡

2021

$2,738

$2,303

$435

2020

$2,567

$2,043

$524

Disaster Relief (Millions)4

2022

2021

2020

Total allocated in support for immediate, mid- and long-term 
response, as well as readiness, to natural disasters around  
the world

$ worth of Johnson & Johnson product provided to communities
impacted by natural disasters around the world

$10.35

$0.29

$0.57

$23.20

$6.69

$1.86

Global Community Impact

2022

2021

2020

Number of patients reached5 by Johnson & Johnson 
Impact Ventures (JJIV) portfolio companies & funds since  
date of investment

Number of HCPs supported by JJIV portfolio companies since  
date of investment

2,817,991◊

1,813,860 Not reported

61,794◊

Not reported Not reported

◊ Metric has been assured by ERM CVS. See Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Assurance. 
‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in 
previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
1 An average of 10 people infected per one non-treated drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB) patient, based on the WHO Tuberculosis 
fact sheet and cure rate of 87.8% for patients treated with bedaquiline containing regimens, based on The Lancet Respiratory 
Medicine, Volume 392, September 2018, pp. 821 – 34. 
2 Upon review of the data and reconciliation processes, a change was needed to correct the number of courses of SIRTURO 
(bedaquiline) shipped in 2021, which resulted in a reduction of 2,400 for 2021. The 2021-2022 cumulative number reflects this update. 
3 Represents the year-over-year change in the average net price, which is list price less rebates, discounts and fees. 
4 Product donations include only what has been confirmed in Johnson & Johnson’s internal tracking system to have been distributed 
within the calendar year. This number does not always reflect donations by regional Johnson & Johnson operating companies to 
local partners. 
5 "Patients reached" is defined as additional individual patients, customers, or users of the healthcare products and services provided 
by the companies and funds in JJIV’s investment portfolio.

Global Health Equity

90

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryOur Employees

Our Employees

Global Employees

Total number of employees1

Women

Men

Declined to answer

Region

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Gender Representation1

Employement type

Full-time employees

Part-time employees

Fixed-term employees2

Region

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa3

Latin America3

North America

Job category4

Vice Presidents

Directors and Managers3

Professionals

Management and executive positions4

Women in management positions

Women in executive positions

2022

2021

2020

153,677‡

144,315

136,360

76,874‡

76,653‡

150‡

31,322‡

44,473‡

26,053‡

51,829‡

70,774

73,462

79

29,517

42,429

23,441

48,928

65,526

70,750

84

27,939

41,201

20,320

46,900

Women

73,826‡

3,048‡

2,784‡

49.4%‡

50.7%‡

54.6%‡

47.5%‡

41.2%‡

49.2%‡

51.5%‡

49.0%‡

38.5%‡

2022

Men

76,054‡

599‡

2,209‡

50.6%‡

49.3%‡

45.5%‡

52.2%‡

58.0%‡

50.6%‡

48.4%‡

Declined to 
Answer

Women

150‡

0‡

9‡

0%‡

0%‡

0%‡

0.3%‡

0.8%‡

0%‡

0.1%‡

67,719

3,055

3,290

47.4%

50.3%

53.3%

46.9%

38.9%

48.3%

50.5%

48.0%

14.3%

2021

Men

72,857

605

2,326

52.6%

49.7%

46.7%

52.9%

60.9%

51.7%

49.4%

Declined to 
Answer

Women

79

0

12

0%

0%

0%

0.2%

0.2%

0.1%

0%

62,276

3,250

2,901

46.2%

49.8%

51.1%

46.3%

35.3%

46.8%

49.8%

46.4%

14.3%

2020

Men

70,078

672

2,135

53.8%

50.2%

48.9%

53.6%

64.7%

53.2%

50.2%

Declined to 
Answer

84

0

1

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

91

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryDiversity in the Board Composition5

Women

Ethnic/racial diversity

Global Age Diversity 

Under 30

30 – 50

51+

Declined to answer

2022

50.0%‡

25.0%‡

2022

17.0%‡

62.7%‡

20.3%‡

0%‡

2021

35.7%

21.4%

2021

16.2%

60.7%

22.7%

0.4%

2020

35.7%

21.4%

2020

14.8%

61.9%

22.8%

0.5%

Age Diversity by Job Category6

2022

2021

2020

Vice Presidents

Under 30

30 – 50

51+

Our Employees

Directors and Managers3

Under 30

30 – 50

51+

Professionals

Under 30

30 – 50

51+

Ethnic/Racial Diversity in the U.S.3

White

Asian

Black/African American

Hispanic/Latino

Other7

Declined to answer

0%‡

45.3%‡

54.7%‡

1.6%‡

72.0%‡

26.4%‡

23.9%‡

59.1%‡

17.0%‡

2022

62.4%‡

16.2%‡

7.5%‡

9.8%‡

2.3%‡

1.7%‡

0%

43.5%

56.5%

1.5%

72.2%

26.3%

22.7%

60.0%

17.3%

2021

64.4%

15.3%

7.2%

9.2%

2.3%

1.6%

0%

44.2%

55.8%

1.3%

72.4%

26.4%

20.7%

61.7%

17.5%

2020

66.3%

14.5%

6.7%

9.0%

2.1%

1.4%

Ethnic/Racial Diversity in the U.S. by Job Category4

2022

2021

2020

Vice Presidents

White

Asian

Black/African American

Hispanic/Latino

Other7

Declined to answer

Directors and Managers3

White

Asian

Black/African American

Hispanic/Latino

Other7

Declined to answer

Professionals

White

Asian

Black/African American

Hispanic/Latino

Other7

Declined to answer

68.0%‡

13.7%‡

7.3%‡

8.5%‡

1.9%‡

0.6%‡

63.1%‡

19.6%‡

6.6%‡

8.0%‡

2.0%‡

0.8%‡

61.7%‡

13.8%‡

8.3%‡

11.2%‡

2.6%‡

2.4%‡

70.7%

72.7%

11.7%

7.3%

8.3%

1.9%

0.1%

64.5%

18.3%

6.3%

7.7%

1.9%

1.4%

64.2%

13.4%

7.7%

10.4%

2.5%

1.8%

11.2%

6.6%

8.4%

0.9%

0.1%

67.7%

17.2%

5.4%

7.3%

1.3%

1.1%

66.4%

12.9%

7.5%

10.2%

2.2%

0.9%

92

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryNew Employee Hires

Total number of new hires

Region4

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Gender representation

Women

Men

Declined to answer

Age6

Under 30

30 – 50

51+

Our Employees

Employee Retention and Turnover

Managers8 and above moved across functions, country 
or business segment lines

Overall voluntary turnover

Voluntary turnover of high performers

2022

24,940‡

2021

22,543

2020

13,594

Year-End Performance Reviews Completed by 
Job Category

Vice Presidents

Directors and Managers

Professionals

Other9

Overall for all employees

Global Employee Activity

Number of Global Activity Challenge participants 

25.2%‡

19.4%‡

22.3%‡

33.2%‡

53.8%‡

45.8%‡

0.3%‡

42.8%‡

51.3%‡

5.9%‡

2022

46.2%‡

8.8%‡

4.2%‡

25.6%

16.7%

29.2%

28.4%

54.0%

45.8%

0.2%

47.5%

47.6%

4.9%

28.4%

22.7%

22.4%

26.4%

52.5%

47.5%

0%

46.5%

48.5%

4.9%

2021

2020

45.8%

44.6%

8.4%

4.4%

5.0%

3.0%

Number of Global Activity Challenge countries

73

76

Number of employees who completed ENERGY FOR 
PERFORMANCE courses 

8,872

9,816

Training & Development

Number of leaders trained in our Enterprise Leader Development
Program (cumulative)10

Number of U.S. and Puerto Rico employees who participated in 
the tuition reimbursement program

2022

14,759

2021

12,927

2020

11,202

1,185

1,189

1,178

Spend on Employee Learning and Development (Millions)

2022

2021

2020

2022

96%

100%

100%

100%

100%

2022

33,159

2021

2020

87%

94%

95%

87%

94%

83%

93%

93%

88%

93%

2021

2020

29,013

Not 
Reported

Not 
Reported

Not 
Reported

Parental Leave

2022

2021

2020

Compliance and other professional skills

Leadership training and executive coaching

Gender composition of U.S. employees who took parental leave

Women

Men

47%

53%

43%

57%

Gender composition of U.S. employees who returned to work after parental leave ended

Women

Men

93%

95%

93%

89%

45%

55%

97%

97%

Tuition and external certifications

Operations, administration and e-learning

Total11

$58

$41

$6

$7

$112

$64

$65

$11

$10

$18

$58

$16

$17

$150

$108

93

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryEmployee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Number of employees engaged in ERGs

Number of U.S. ERG chapters

Number of non-U.S. ERG chapters

Number of WeSustain teams 

Number of countries with WeSustain teams

Number of actions taken via the HealthyPlanet platform 

Number of employees completing Sustainability Training

2022

26,609

303

193

78

31

40,495

6,276

2021

28,135

270

208

2020

24,304

260

183

78 Not reported

32 Not reported

24,609 Not reported

11,780 Not reported

Average Employee Training Hours12

Overall average hours of enterprise wide training per employee

Average training hours of enterprise wide training per employee by gender 

   Women

   Men

   Declined to answer

Average hours of enterprise-wide training per employee by job category

   Vice Presidents

   Directors and Managers

   Professionals

2022 Our Credo Survey Results

Number of languages Our Credo Survey is made available in

Number of countries Our Credo Survey is administered in

Response rate (among all active employees) 

Our Employees

   Increase in participation compared to 2020 (among all eligible employees)

Favorability rate

   Increase in favorability compared to 2020 on like-to-like questions

Percentage agreed with the statement:

   Ensures our first responsibility is to the patients, doctors and nurses, mothers and  
   fathers, and all others who use our products and services.

   Provides an inclusive work environment where each employee is considered as an individual. 

   Acts responsibly to the communities in which we live and work and the world community 
   as well.

2022

27.0

29.0

25.9

29.1

20.5

29.3

27.3

2022

36‡

77‡

92%‡

(1)%

87%‡

(2)%

92%‡

86%‡

92%‡

94

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryOur Employees

Employee Safety13

Employee Safety,14 global   

Lost Workday Case rate15

Lost Workday Work-related Injury Case rate

Lost Workday Work-related Illness Case rate

Total Recordable Injury Rate

Recordable Injury Rate

Recordable Illness Rate

Serious Injury and Illness Case rate

2022

2021

2020

0.06‡

0.05

0.01

0.23‡

0.21

0.02

0.03‡

0.05

0.05

Not reported Not reported

Not reported Not reported

0.27

0.24

Not reported Not reported

Not reported Not reported

0.02

0.03

Serious/Severe Work-related Injury Case rate

0.027

Not reported Not reported

Serious/Severe Work-related Illness Case rate

0.003

Not reported Not reported

Number of fatalities

Employee Safety,14 by region 

Lost Workday Case rate15

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Total Recordable Injury Rate

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Serious Injury and Illness Case rate

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Road Safety16

Crashes per Million Miles (CPMM) rate

Injuries per Million Miles (IPMM) rate

0‡

0

0

0.08‡

0.05‡

0.01‡

0.06‡

0.15‡

0.20‡

0.21‡

0.29‡

0.030‡

0.020‡

0.017‡

0.039‡

2022

5.61

0.05

0.04

0.05

0.05

0.06

0.13

0.27

0.25

0.35

0.01

0.02

0.02

0.04

2021

4.83

0.07

0.02

0.04

0.10

0.07

0.09

0.20

0.24

0.34

0.02

0.02

0.02

0.04

2020

4.86

0.05

‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in 
previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
1 “Employee” is defined as an individual working full time or part time, excluding fixed-term employees, interns and co-op employees. 
Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies, and individuals on long-term disability are 
excluded. Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded. Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global 
Employee data, as well as other employee and DEI-related disclosures. 
2 Fixed-term employees (employee with a contract for a limited period that ends when the specific time period expires, or when 
the specific task or event that has an attached time estimate is completed) are excluded from other employee and DEI-related 
disclosures. Fixed-term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on fixed-term contracts. 
3 Values have been rounded to the nearest tenth. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals 
provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
4 Professional positions are defined as pay grades 20–26; management positions are defined as pay grades 30 and above; executives 
are defined as employees reporting directly to the CEO.  
5 2022 figures are as of April 2023. 2021 figures are as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 figures are as of December 31, 2020. 
6 As of October 2020, new categories were added to allow employees to actively decline self-identification or remain unidentified. 
Where the value for "Declined to answer" rounded to zero, we excluded from the reported table. 
7 Gender and ethnic/racial diversity are reported in accordance with the gender, ethnicity, and race as self-reported by the employee 
and recorded in the Human Resources Information System (HRIS) as of December 31, 2022. "Other" is defined as employees who 
self-reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races. 
8 Career progression movement includes upward promotion and lateral transfer, and excludes employees in the R&D organizations. 
9 Category includes employees who don’t have a merit plan as part of their compensation package. 
10 2021 numbers were restated.  
11 In 2022, Johnson & Johnson invested significantly in our internal J&J Learn platform, and identified areas of efficiency with our 
Learning and Development vendors, resulting in a decrease in our external spend. Due to overlapping spend between categories, 
Johnson & Johnson returned to a consolidated reporting approach for learning and development. 
12 Average hours of enterprise-wide training data represents available data from three of Johnson & Johnson’s primary learning 
management systems. We are working to include training data from additional sources available in future. Where training durations 
were not included, we applied estimates based on training type. 
13 Reported Injury/Illness Rates are excluding COVID cases.  
14 LWDC rate, TRIR, SIIC rate, and fatalities are calculated for Johnson & Johnson employees and contingent workers. Contingent 
workers (i.e., workers supplied by third-party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record) are intended to supplement or 
temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson & Johnson employee. 
15 “Lost days” are calendar days counted beginning the day after an incident has taken place. 
16 CPMM and IPMM rates are based on Safe Fleet data. Rate calculation methodology uses both actual and estimated data on miles 
driven. We collect Safe Fleet data on employees who drive Company-owned or -leased and personally owned vehicles for Company 
business. Employees in the latter category are those who: 1) drive for Company business as a “regular part“ of their job duties, and 
2) receive a car allowance to purchase their own vehicle and/or are reimbursed for vehicle expenses such as fuel, maintenance, 
insurance and other miscellaneous charges associated with vehicle upkeep.

95

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossary 
Environmental Health

Environmental Health

Energy Use1

Total energy use (TJ)

From renewable sources

From non-renewable sources

Energy intensity (TJ/billion $)2

Percentage change in energy intensity compared to 2016 baseline 
(TJ/billion $)

Percent renewable electricity by region3

North America

Europe

Global

Purchased energy use by type (TJ)1

Electricity

Natural gas

Diesel

Direct heating/cooling

Propane

Biogas

Fuel oil

2022

11,800

4,225

7,574

124

(30)%

84%◊ 

100%◊ 

67%◊ 

5,928

4,300

542

292

58

33

13

2021

11,947

3,355

8,593

127

(29)%

67%

79%

52%

5,885

4,480

507

312

44

31

9

2020

11,954

3,483

8,471

145

(19)%

72%

82%

54%

5,922

4,412

613

265

53

28

13

Total purchased energy

11,167

11,267

11,306

On-site generated energy use by type (TJ)1 

Co-generation

Wind

Solar PV

Geothermal

Fuel cell

Biomass

Total on-site generated energy

On-site clean/renewable energy capacity by type4

Solar PV

Co-generation 

Wind 

Geothermal

Biomass 

Fuel cell

On-site clean/renewable energy technology capacity (MW) 

392

132

91

15

0

3

633

37%

20%

19%

21%

2%

0%

80.0

456

111

86

21

4

3

681

44%

29%

23%

2%

2%

1%

67.2

418

129

73

18

7

2

647

37%

32%

25%

3%

2%

1%

61.4

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions

2022

2021

2020

Scope 1 GHG emissions, total (MT CO2e)5
Scope 1 GHG emissions by source (MT CO2e)5
Facilities1

Sales fleet15

Refrigerants16

Aviation

Scope 2 GHG emissions, facilities (MT CO2e)1, 5
Location-based

Market-based

Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG emissions, total (MT CO2e)
GHG emissions intensity (Scope 1 + Scope 2) by revenue  
(MT CO2e/million $)

Percentage decrease in GHG emissions intensity (Scope 1 + Scope 2)     
by revenue compared to 2016 baseline (MT CO2e /million $)

Total offsets applied to reporting year

384,622◊ 

372,206

363,875

259,247

100,097

16,341

8,936

269,200

268,638

81,093

13,569

8,344

76,720

14,139

4,378

606,096◊ 

298,566◊ 

683,188

599,735

381,064

607,761

379,020

753,270

742,895

7

56%

8

9

50%

44%

27,682◊

Not 
reported

Not 
reported

Net Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) emissions (MT CO2e)

655,506◊

Not reported Not reported

Scope 3 GHG emissions, by source (MT CO2e)5, 14
Purchased goods and services6

6,974,849◊ 

6,605,416

6,244,849

Upstream transportation and distribution6

1,905,485◊ 

1,541,624

1,456,295

Business travel6, 7

Employee commuting8

Capital goods6

Fuel- and energy-related activities9

Upstream leased assets10

Waste generated in operations11

Downstream transportation and distribution12

Use of sold products

Direct

Indirect

433,946◊ 

101,720◊

233,285◊ 

237,528◊ 

21,430◊ 

7,968◊ 

Available 
12/23

225,317

117,192

207,060

241,021

24,657

8,759

218,535

131,128

201,126

183,087

28,969

8,065

65,403

55,332

73,090

76,721

108,165

7,804,467

8,087,123

7,635,771

End-of-life treatment of sold products13

150,787

147,159

153,386

96

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesAccountability & InnovationGlossary2020

Water Use (Million m3) (Cont.)

2022

2021

2020

CO2 Capital Relief Fund

Number of projects completed (annual)

Cumulative projects completed since 2005

Amount spent on projects (annual) (millions)

Cumulative spend on completed projects since 2005 (millions)

Total annual energy cost savings as a result of completed projects  
since 2005 (millions)

Total annual energy savings as a result of completed projects  
since 2005 (TJ)17

Total annual GHG emissions avoided as a result of completed  
projects since 2005 (MT CO2e)

2021

19

260

$24

$470

$87

2022

14

274

$21

$478

$89

2,589

10

241

$33

$445

$83

Water withdrawn by source (Cont.) 

Other

Gray water

Surface water

Water withdrawn by category

2,512

2,345

Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids)18

Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids)18

320,362

313,965

298,905

Water withdrawn in areas of high or extremely high baseline water stress by source

0.08

0.02

0.01

11.01

0.10

0.09

0.02

0.01

0.06

0.15

0.02

Not reported Not reported

Not reported Not reported

Environmental Health

Air Emissions by Source (MT)

Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)

Mono-nitrogen oxides (NOx)

Ozone-depleting substances

Ozone-depleting substances (MT of CFC-11 equivalents)

Particulate matter (PM)

Refrigerants

Sulfur oxides (SOx)

2022

45.36

41◊

3.30

0.18

65.05

10.03

57◊

2021

43.35

37

1.28

0.05

67.10

8.65

53

2020

34.62

45

1.86

0.09

89.20

9.58

65

Volatile organic compounds (VOC)

339.06

449.15

366.08

Water Use (Million m3)

Total water withdrawn 

Total water consumed

Total water recycled and reused

Total water discharge

Percentage of water withdrawn in regions of high or extremely  
high baseline water stress

Percentage of water consumed in regions of high or extremely  
high baseline water stress

Water withdrawn by source 

Municipal

Groundwater

Rainwater

2022

11.11◊

3.93◊ 

0.83◊

7.18◊ 

40%◊

49%◊

8.13

2.70

0.18

2021

11.04

3.89

0.81

7.15

40%

52%

7.70

3.06

0.15

2020

11.09

3.77

0.75

7.32

39%

50%

7.72

3.08

0.06

Municipal

Groundwater

Rainwater

Other

Gray water

Surface water

3.30

0.88

0.15

0.08

0

0

3.20 Not reported

1.02 Not reported

0.13 Not reported

0.09 Not reported

0.01 Not reported

0 Not reported

Water withdrawn in areas with high to extremely high water stress by category

Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids)18

Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids)18

Total water withdrawn in areas with high to extremely high 
water stress

4.34

0.08

4.42

Not reported Not reported

Not reported Not reported

4.45 Not reported

Water discharge in areas with high to extremely high water stress by destination

Wastewater treatment plant

Surface water

Irrigation 

Other

Ocean

Total water discharge in areas with high to extremely high  
water stress 

Water discharge by destination

Wastewater treatment plant

Surface water

Irrigation

Ocean

Other

1.57 Not reported Not reported

0.70 Not reported Not reported

0.23 Not reported Not reported

0 Not reported Not reported

0 Not reported Not reported

2.50

Not reported Not reported

4.83

1.80

0.28

0.22

0.04

4.81

1.85

0.26

0.18

0.06

5.12

2.00

0.19

0.18

0.07

97

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesAccountability & InnovationGlossary2021

2020

EH&S Compliance and Certifications

194,836

183,558

Number of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 1400119

Percentage of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to  
ISO 1400119, 20

Number of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 4500119

Percentage of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 4500119, 20

Number of environmental non-compliances21, 22, 24

Fines paid for environmental non-compliances (thousands)22, 23 

2022

87‡

91%‡

20‡

20%‡

167‡

$11.7‡

2021

92

89%

18

17%

34

$3.6

2020

95

96%

21

21%

50

$5.9

Operational Waste (MT)

Total waste generated

Hazardous waste

Non-hazardous waste

Percentage of waste diverted from disposal

Percentage of waste directed to disposal

Waste diverted from disposal

Hazardous waste

Recycled

Energy recovery

Reused

Non-hazardous waste

Recycled

Energy recovery

Reused

2022

185,491

48,869

136,622

85%

15%

27,038

13,611

2,551

81,775

19,587

12,389

52,180

142,656

86%

14%

25,207

16,599

1,457

92,206

18,724

12,451

53,944

129,614

86%

14%

22,813

19,836

2,234

82,184

17,969

13,271

LEED Buildings

2022

2021

2020

Number of newly LEED-certified Johnson & Johnson  
buildings (annual)

Number of Johnson & Johnson buildings that are 
LEED-certified (total)25

Percentage of Johnson & Johnson built space that is 
LEED-certified (total)25

Total area of office and building space that is 
LEED-certified (million square feet)25

1

68

7

67

6

60

17.0%

15.9%

14.5%

9.4

9.4

8.7

Product End of Life (Millions)

Number of medical devices collected in U.S. 

Number of medical devices reprocessed in U.S.

2022

0.78

0.32

2021

0.93

0.39

2020

1.60

0.67

◊ Metric has been assured by ERM CVS. See GHG & Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data. 
‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in 
previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
1 Includes site-specific data from all Johnson & Johnson owned and leased sites over 50,000 square feet where Johnson & Johnson 
has operational control, as well as manufacturing and R&D sites under 50,000 square feet, unless otherwise noted. 
2 Energy intensity ratio includes electricity, stationary fuels and district heating and cooling. 
3 Percentage of electricity used by Johnson & Johnson that is generated from renewable sources. Europe includes Belgium, France, 
Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. North America includes 
the United States and Canada only. 
4 Values have been rounded to the nearest whole number. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the 
totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
5 In accordance with guidance from the World Resources Institute (WRI) Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, we restated 
the 2020 and 2021 values to reflect newly released electricity grid emission factors, as well as the addition or removal of acquisitions 
and divestitures. This threshold for restatement deviates from the one included in the About This Report section. We do not currently 
use purchases, sales or transfers of offsets in our GHG accounting. Gases covered in these calculations include CO2, CH4, N2O and 
HFCs. Perfluorinated chemicals, sulfur hexafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride do not result from our operations. Biogenic CO2 emissions 
in 2022 were 1,871 MT CO2. Electricity emission factors are obtained from the International Energy Agency’s CO2 Emissions from Fuel 
Combustion Report; the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA's) eGRID publication for location-based Scope 2 reporting, 
and supply contracts and residual emission factors, where available, for market-based Scope 2 reporting. Fuel emission factors are 
obtained from the EPA Climate Leadership publication. Global Warming Potentials are obtained from the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change Fifth Assessment Report. The chosen consolidation approach for emissions is operational control. 

98

Environmental Health

Waste directed to disposal

Total waste diverted from disposal 

156,950

166,645

158,309

Hazardous waste

Landfilled

Incinerated

Bio/chemical treatment

Other

Non-hazardous waste

Landfilled

Incinerated

Bio/chemical treatment

Other

1,264

3,478

896

32

8,891

2,071

11,864

45

2,380

5,146

1,269

121

9,424

1,965

7,808

78

2,533

4,824

1,599

104

8,384

2,799

4,948

59

Total waste directed to disposal 

28,541

28,192

25,250

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesAccountability & InnovationGlossary6 Emissions were calculated using Company spend in the reporting year paired with appropriate economic input/output (IO) emission 
factors from the Carnegie Mellon 2002 data set. Where more specific primary data were able to be obtained, they were used in place 
of the IO calculation methodology. 
7 Business travel emissions from personal vehicle travel reflect CO2 only. 
8 Data from a 2022 survey of a sample of employees in all regions, extrapolated for all employees globally, were used to estimate 
average employee commuting and remote working emissions intensity per employee. This value was used to calculate 2022 
emissions from Employee Commuting. Year over year trend may be due to methodology adjustments. 
9 Emissions from fuel- and energy-related activities were calculated for emissions from transmission and distribution (T&D) losses 
from purchased electricity, well-to-tank (WTT) emissions from purchased electricity, WTT emissions from T&D losses, and WTT 
emissions from purchased fuels. Emissions were calculated using International Energy Agency (IEA) loss factors for electricity and the 
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) WTT emission factors for fuels and electricity.  
10 Emissions from Upstream Leased Assets were calculated by applying the energy intensity from office locations in our Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 footprint to the building area of leased assets less than 50,000 square feet, or those greater than 50,000 square feet outside 
of our operational control which are excluded from Scope 1 and Scope 2 reporting. 
11 Emissions from Waste Generated in Operations were calculated for both non-hazardous and hazardous waste from manufacturing 
and R&D operations using Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs' emissions factors for waste.  
12 Emissions from Downstream Transportation and Distribution were calculated using the U.S. EPA’s SmartWay Program and are 
provided for U.S. shippers only. GHG covered in these calculations include CO2 only for the 2021 calendar year, the most up-to-
date available. 2022 data will be available in December of 2023 and will be reported in future reports. We have identified a level of 
uncertainty around the reporting boundary, and the reported value is potentially overstated.  
13 2020 and 2021 values are restated due to a correction in the calculation methodology. Emissions from the Use of Sold Products 
and the End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products were calculated using sales volumes for all Johnson & Johnson products combined 
with lifecycle assessment (LCA) models where sales volumes could be obtained; where they could not be obtained, sales revenues 
and average unit prices were used to estimate volumes. Due to the size of our product portfolio, LCAs were not performed for every 
Johnson & Johnson product, so products were placed into LCA categories, and a representative product LCA was applied.  
14 Emissions from the Processing of Sold Products, Downstream Leased Assets, Franchises and Investments are not applicable to 
Johnson & Johnson operations. 
15 GHGs covered in these calculations include CO2 only. 
16 Includes site-specific data from all Johnson & Johnson manufacturing and R&D sites only. 
17 Results from completed projects. Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations. Avoidance of energy consumption and 
GHG emissions calculated by comparing energy consumption before project implementation and expected consumption after 
implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process. 
18 Municipal water, Groundwater, Rainwater and Surface water sources are considered as the ‘Freshwater’ category. Grey water & 
Other water sources are considered as the ‘Other water’ category. 
19 Certified to ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 means the site has received an external certification that is valid as of December 31, 2022. The 
decrease in sites with ISO 14001 certifications is driven in part by a decrease in overall Johnson & Johnson-owned manufacturing and 
R&D sites. 
20 The denominator of total manufacturing and R&D sites excludes small R&D and manufacturing sites (defined as having less than 50 
employees) and newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than three years as of December 31, 2022).  
21 Environmental non-compliances represent instances of non-compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or laws that 
were either (i) self-reported to authorities in the reporting year or (ii) identified by authorities and the non-compliance occurred in the 
reporting year. The authorities include regional, national, state/country/province and local/city regulatory agencies.  
22 Environmental non-compliances and fines paid exclude newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of  
December 31, 2022). 
23 Fines paid for environmental non-compliances include those paid in the reporting year. It does not include fines assessed and/or 
under negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022. 
24 The number of regulatory non-compliances has increased in 2022. Root cause analysis has been performed as needed and 
corrective actions have been identified. 
25 Totals include 3 BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology) certified sites.

Environmental Health

99

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesAccountability & InnovationGlossaryAccountability & Innovation

Supply Base Overview

Number of Johnson & Johnson suppliers

Total Johnson & Johnson supplier spend (billions)1

Supplier spend contracted by region1

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Supplier spend contracted by business

Pharmaceutical

MedTech

Consumer Health

Corporate

2022

46,064

$40.1

2021

45,324

$34.8

2020

51,280

$30.6

10%

32%

3%

56%

34%

30%

23%

13%

9%

34%

3%

55%

37%

28%

24%

12%

11%

33%

3%

53%

34%

24%

30%

12%

Supplier Engagement

2022

2021

2020

Accountability & Innovation

Percentage participated

Number of suppliers invited to participate in the CDP 
Supply Chain Climate program

Number of suppliers invited to participate in the CDP 
Supply Chain Water program

Percentage participated

EcoVadis assessments completed2

Supplier risk ranking based on EcoVadis assessments

Low risk

Medium risk

High risk

392

85%

150

74%

1,210

924

269

17

388

82%

135

75%

881

635

213

33

423

80%

153

79%

1,119

729

349

41

Diverse Supplier Spend in the U.S. (Millions)3

2022

2021

2020

Tier 1 supplier spend

Diverse-owned 

Disabled-owned

Minority-owned

LGBT-owned

Veteran- and disabled Veteran-owned

Women-owned

Total small business spend 

Percentage of total supplier spend attributable to small suppliers

Percentage of total supplier spend attributable to diverse suppliers

Percentage increase of Tier 1 diverse spend with U.S. Black-  
and Hispanic-owned

Diverse Supplier Spend, Global (Millions)3

Total Global Impact Spend (billions)4

$2,674

$125.6

$2,214

$1,670

$159.3 Not reported

$1,791.3

$1,463.6 Not reported

$14.0

$160.8

$952.7

$2,927

13%

12%

10%

2022

$5.88◊

$9.2 Not reported

$119.0 Not reported

$873.0 Not reported

$2,641

$2,650

14%

12%

17%

11%

31% Not reported

2021

2020

$5.22 Not reported

Number of countries outside the U.S. tracking diversity &  
inclusion indicators

19

18

16

Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in countries outside the U.S.

$536.8

$668.7

$290.0

Global Tier 1 supplier spend5

Women-owned

Minority-owned

LGBT-owned 

Veteran- and disabled Veteran-owned 

Total Veteran- and disabled Veteran-owned

Total Tier 1 diverse (billions)

Tier 2 diverse

$1,218.5

$2,114.5

$17.3

$164.5

$259.0

$3.2

$649.6

$1,223.9

$826.0

$1,785.1

$1,223.4

$11.0 Not reported

$127.9 Not reported

$206.3 Not reported

$2.9 Not reported

$508.7

$372.1

100

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthGlossarySupplier Audits

2022

2021

2020

Cybersecurity & Data Privacy

2022

2021

2020

Percentage of employees who completed Information  
Security Training 

91% Not reported Not reported

Supplier Environment, Health and Safety (EH&S) audits

EH&S audits and technical visits completed6

EH&S audits and technical visits by region

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Number of suppliers identified as high risk for non-conformance 
to Johnson & Johnson Responsibility Standards for Suppliers

Number of critical EH&S findings7 identified as a result  
of EH&S audits

Safety-related findings

Environmental-related findings

Supplier social audits8

Supplier social audits completed, total

Completed using SMETA 4-Pillar protocol

Social audits completed, by region

Accountability & Innovation

Asia Pacific

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Latin America

North America

Number of critical findings7 identified as a result of supplier  
social audits

Animal Welfare

Number of facilities with animals with veterinary oversight

Number of sites with animals accredited by AAALAC International

Percentage of sites with animals that are accredited by  
AAALAC International

Percentage of research performed in rodents and fish when  
there are no non-animal alternatives available

160

121

8

17

14

15

9

5

4

12

11

6

2

2

2

0

164

133

11

10

10

21

9

8

1

11

11

8

2

1

0

1

156

133

13

2

8

24

2

2

0

5

5

4

0

1

0

3

2022

2021

2020

6

6

Not reported Not reported

Not reported Not reported

Board of Directors’ Composition9

Number of Directors

Number of Independent Directors

Percentage of Independent Directors 

Independent Lead Director

Independent Audit Committee

Independent Compensation & Benefits

Independent Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee

Independent Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee10

Independent Science & Technology Committee10

Number of regular and special meetings held by the 
Board of Directors

Tax Contribution (Billions)11

Payroll & social insurance taxes borne

Payroll & social insurance taxes collected

Sales/use & other taxes borne

Sales/use & other taxes collected

Corporate income tax

Total taxes borne 

Total taxes collected  

Total tax contribution

100% Not reported Not reported

Code of Business Conduct (CBC) Compliance

96% Not reported Not reported

Percentage of senior leaders certified the compliance of their  
organizations with the CBC12

Number of warning letters or untitled letters issued by OPDP or  
APLB in the U.S.13

2022

12

11

92%

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

15

2022

$1.6‡

$4.9‡

$0.9‡

$1.1‡

$5.2‡

$7.7‡

$6.0‡

2021

2020

14

13

93%

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

17

14

13

93%

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

10

2021

2020

$1.5

$4.6

$0.9

$1.3

$4.8

$7.2

$6.0

$1.3

$4.3

$0.8

$1.0

$4.6

$6.7

$5.3

$13.7‡

$13.1

$12.0

2022

100%

0

2021

100%

2020

100%

0

0

101

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthGlossaryHealth Care Compliance (HCC) Training

2022

2021

2020

Product Quality Indicators

Number of relevant Johnson & Johnson employees that  
completed HCC training that includes anti-corruption section 

Percentage of sales and marketing employees who completed  
HCC training

105,000

98,000

81,000

Number of regulatory inspections of Johnson & Johnson 
sites by worldwide health authorities

97%

97%

96%

Percentage of regulatory inspections that resulted in 
zero observations

Accountability & Innovation

Inquiries and Complaints as Recorded With Our Credo 
Integrity Line by Category14

2022

2021

2020

Human Resources-related

Business integrity-related

Other (privacy, information security, general security, EH&S, etc.)

General information questions

Financial-related

Human rights-related

Product quality- and patient safety-related

Compliance-Related Allegations Investigated Through 
Triage Committee

Number of compliance-related allegations investigated

Percentage of compliance-related allegations 
investigated by category

Healthcare compliance

Financial

Other 

Collective Bargaining Agreements

Percentage of employees covered by collective 
bargaining agreements

71%‡

11%‡

6%‡

3%‡

4%‡

1%‡

3%‡

2022

749‡

55%‡

36%‡

9%‡

2022

30%

55%

14%

9%

8%

7%

51%

12%

11%

10%

14%

5% Not reported

2%

2%

2021

661

48%

43%

9%

2021

30%

2020

559

41%

51%

8%

2020

23%

Number of FDA inspections of Johnson & Johnson sites

Percentage of FDA inspections that resulted in zero 
observations

Average number of observations per FDA inspection

Number of independent audits of Johnson & Johnson sites to 
ensure compliance with Johnson & Johnson Quality Policy  
& Standards

Number of independent audits of external manufacturing sites  
to ensure compliance with Johnson & Johnson Quality Policy  
& Standards

Number of FDA warning letters issued

Product recall rate15 by business segment

   Pharmaceutical

   MedTech

   Consumer Health Self-Care OTC16

2022

537‡

75%‡

8‡

63%‡

2.9‡

166‡

275‡

0‡

0.003%‡

0.005%‡

0%‡

2021

448

76%

9

56%

2.4

170

277

0

0%

2020

452

82%

10

80%

1.7

165

230

0

0%

0.059%

0.034%

0%

0%

Anti-Counterfeiting17

2022

2021

2020

Number of anti-counterfeiting best practices trainings delivered     
to law enforcement agents (Customs, Border Protection, etc.)18

Number of external trade groups, alliances, organizations and  
agencies in which Johnson & Johnson is engaged in leadership  
positions or industry working groups

104 

15

87

13

37

7

102

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthGlossary◊ Metric has been assured by ERM CVS. See Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Assurance. 
‡ See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in 
previous Health for Humanity Reports. 
1 Represents spend we have control over/addressable spend, defined as products and services that procurement teams can negotiate 
with suppliers to meet business goals. Values have been rounded. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to 
the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
2 Supplier EcoVadis assessments are reported as of January 25, 2023 and may not capture suppliers that updated their assessment in 
January of 2023. 
3 Except Tier 2 diverse spend, all indicators represent spend Johnson & Johnson has control over addressable spend, defined as 
products and services that procurement teams can negotiate with suppliers to meet business goals. 
4 Total Global Impact Spend consists of: Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in the U.S. (billions) and countries outside the U.S., plus small 
business spend in the U.S., less overlap spend, plus Tier 2 diverse supplier spend, global (millions). U.S. suppliers can be classified as 
Tier 1 diverse and small business. The Tier 1 diverse & small business overlap is removed to avoid double counting of the spend. 
5 Suppliers can be designated in multiple diverse categories and each are counted in each category for which the supplier qualifies. 
Total Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in the U.S. (billions) counts the spend with each supplier once. 
6 A technical visit is a follow-up visit to the initial audit.  
7 We define a "critical finding" as evidence of very high risk to human life or potential catastrophic impact to facility, community or 
environment. We expect suppliers and potential suppliers to address critical findings immediately. 
8 Social audits are conducted using the Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA) protocol. 
9 Figures as of March 2023. 
10 In 2022, this Committee changed names. 
11 The tax information contained in this section is intended to provide the reader with an overview of all taxes contributed by  
Johnson & Johnson, and not just income taxes. It should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on  
Form 10-K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings. 
12 Certifiers include senior leaders at VP2 level and above, selected Managing Directors and General Managers based on country or 
business segment risk profile, and executives of recently acquired companies. 
13 OPDP: Office of Prescription Drug Promotion APLB: Advertising and Promotional Labeling Branch of the FDA Center for Biologics 
Evaluation and Research. 
14 Johnson & Johnson Triage Committee and case investigators have the ability to change the issue type of the cases upon receipt in 
Our Credo Integrity Line. This occurred for no more than 16% in 2022. 
15 Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from market per total globally manufactured, based on field action 
removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board, and aligned by Johnson & Johnson Enterprise 
Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health 
consequences and, in certain cases, will cause serious adverse health consequences. 
16 The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment. The Consumer Health product quality 
recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self-Care over-the-counter (OTC) business segment. 
17 As a result of sporadic attendance logs being kept during law enforcement trainings (stemming from potential security concerns), in 
2022, only the number of training sessions was captured vs. number of attendees. 
18 All employees at Johnson & Johnson are trained on the Code of Business Conduct as well as what to do if they become aware 
of a product complaint or adverse event. Brand protection awareness is included in both of these mandatory trainings to raise 
understanding and awareness of illicit trade issues among all employees. Supplemental brand protection training is also available to 
stakeholders and is reflected in the number above.

Accountability & Innovation

103

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportThe following ESG Performance Data is also available as an Excel download.Our Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthGlossaryIndependent Assurance Statements

Independent Assurance Statements

Independent Limited Assurance Statement to Johnson & Johnson on Health for Humanity 2025 Goals

ERM Certification and Verification Services Inc (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Johnson & Johnson Inc (“J&J”) to provide limited assurance in  
relation to selected information reported in the Johnson & Johnson 2022 Health for Humanity Report, the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard  
(together the “Report”) and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com

Engagement summary

Our conclusion 

Scope of our 
assurance 
engagement 
issued

Reporting 
period

Reporting 
criteria

Assurance 
standard 
and level of 
assurance

Whether the selected information detailed below are fairly presented in the Report, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria:

•  Reported progress against each Health for Humanity 2025 Goal (cumulative 2021-2022)
•  VERMOX (mebendazole) doses donated (millions) (2022)
•   Patients Reached by J&J Impact Ventures (JJIV) portfolio companies & funds since date 

of investment (number) (2022 - as of 31 December 2022)

•   Healthcare Professionals (HCPs) Supported by JJIV portfolio companies since date of 

investment (number) (2022 - as of 31 December 2022)

Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or 
to any other information included in the Report or on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com.

Cumulative (2021-2022): 1 January 2021 – 31 December 2022

2022: 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022

Health for Humanity 2025 Goals as defined in the Report

J&J Basis of Reporting as described in applicable footnotes within the Report

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other 
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International 
Auditing and Standards Board.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing 
from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, 
the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower 
than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement 
been performed.

Respective 
responsibilities

J&J is responsible for preparing the Report for the collection and presentation of the 
information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal 
controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the selected information.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J&J on the agreed scope based on 
our engagement terms with J&J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our 
professional judgement. We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party 
other than J&J for the conclusions we have reached.

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the 
selected information for the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the 
Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria. 

Our assurance activities 

Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the 
selected information a multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a 
range of procedures that included, but was not restricted to, the following:

•   Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information including review 
of the reporting principles, boundaries, definitions and internal guidelines for each of the Health for 
Humanity 2025 Goals.

•   A review of external media reporting relating to J&J to identify issues in the reporting period that  

may be relevant to the assurance scope.

•   Interviews with management representatives and other staff to understand and evaluate the relevant 

management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for 
collecting and reporting the selected information.

•   A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the 

selected information.

•   A review of the GHG and renewable energy data to confirm consistency with the findings of our 

separate GHG and renewable energy verification engagement including completeness  
and consistency.

•   Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report and on 

healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com to ensure consistency with our findings.

The limitations of our engagement

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the nature of some 
of the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals dependence on partner organisations to provide performance 
information, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions and extrapolations in determining the Selected 
information. It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

104

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryOur independence, integrity and quality control

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body 
accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. Accordingly we maintain a 
comprehensive system of quality control, including documented 
policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. Our quality management system is at 
least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and  
ISQM-2 (2022).

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure 
that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional 
competence and high ethical standards in their work. Our 
processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work 
we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict 
of interest. Our certified management system covers independence 
and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the 
relevant sections of Parts A & B of the IESBA Code relating to 
assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has 
extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, 
social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and 
processes and provides no consultancy related services to  
Johnson & Johnson Inc in any respect.

Other Matters

We have provided J&J with a separate management report with 
our detailed (non-material) findings and recommendations.

Beth Wyke
Partner, Corporate Assurance
Malvern, PA, USA

2 June 2023
ERM Certification and Verification Services Inc 
www.ermcvs.com  |  post@ermcvs.com

Independent Assurance Statements

105

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryIndependent Limited Assurance Statement to Johnson & Johnson on GHG & Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data

ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Johnson & Johnson (“J&J”) to provide limited assurance in relation  
to the selected information set out below and presented in the J&J’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report (the “Report”) and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com as set out below.

Engagement summary

Engagement summary

Whether the 2022 corporate data for the following selected indicators are fairly presented 
in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

GHG Emissions
•  Total absolute Scope 1 GHG emissions [metric tonnes CO2e]
•   Total absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location-based and market-based 

calculation methods [metric tonnes CO2e]

•   Total offsets applied to reporting year [metric tonnes CO2e]
•   Net Scope 1 & Scope 2 (market-based) GHG emissions [metric tonnes CO2e]
•   Absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions [metric tonnes CO2e] for each of the following 

Reporting 
period

Reporting 
criteria

Year ending 31 December 2022

WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol (2004, as updated January 2015) for the Scope 1, 2 and 3  
GHG emissions;

Johnson & Johnson’s internal reporting criteria and definitions.

categories:
•   Category 1 - Purchased goods and services;
•   Category 2 - Capital goods;
•   Category 3 - Fuel- and energy-related activities;
•   Category 4 - Upstream transportation and distribution;
•   Category 5 - Waste generated in operations;
•   Category 6 - Business travel;
•   Category 7 - Employee commuting;
•   Category 8 - Upstream leased assets;

Scope of our
assurance
engagement

Independent Assurance Statements

Assurance
standard 
and level of 
assurance

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other 
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’. The procedures performed in a 
limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for 
a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in 
a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have 
been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Energy
•  Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources – EU [%]
•   Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources – North America [%]
•   Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources – Global [%]

Water
•  Total water withdrawn [million m3]
•  Total water consumed [million m3]
•  Total water recycled and reused [million m3]
•  Total water discharge [million m3]
•   Percentage of water withdrawn in regions of high or extremely high baseline  

water stress [%]

•   Percentage of water consumed in regions of high or extremely high baseline  

water stress [%]

Respective
responsibilities

J&J is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of 
the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal 
controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Report. 

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J&J on the agreed scope based on 
our engagement terms with J&J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our 
professional judgement. We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party 
other than J&J for the conclusions we have reached.

106

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryPercentage of water withdrawn in regions  
of high or extremely high baseline water stress:

40% 

The limitations of our engagement

Independent Assurance Statements

Our conclusion

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to 
our attention to indicate that the 2022 data and information for 
the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above are not fairly presented 
in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
reporting criteria.

Scope 1 GHG emissions: 

Scope 2 GHG (location-based)  
emissions: 

Scope 2 GHG (market-based)  
emissions: 

Total offsets applied to  
reporting year: 

Net Scope 1 & Scope 2 (market-based)  
emissions: 

Scope 3 GHG emissions for the  
following categories:

•  1: Purchased goods and services

•  2: Capital goods

•  3: Fuel and energy related activities

•   4: Upstream transportation  

and distribution

•  5: Waste generated in operations

•  6: Business travel

•  7: Employee commuting

•  8: Upstream leased assets

Percentage renewable electricity  
by region – EU:

Percentage renewable electricity  
by region – North America: 

Percentage renewable electricity  
by region – Global:

Total water withdrawn:

Total water consumed:

Total water recycled and reused:

Total water discharge:

384,622 MT CO2e 

606,096 MT CO2e 

298,566 MT CO2e 

27,682 MT CO2e 

655,506 MT CO2e 

6,974,849 MT CO2e

233,285 MT CO2e

237,528 MT CO2e

1,905,485 MT CO2e 

7,968 MT CO2e 

433,946 MT CO2e

101,720 MT CO2e

21,430 MT CO2e

100% 

84% 

67% 

11.11 million m3

3.93 million m3

0.83 million m3

7.18 million m3

Percentage of water consumed in regions  
of high or extremely high baseline water stress:

49%

Our assurance activities 

Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk 
of material misstatement of the Report a multidisciplinary team 
of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range of 
procedures that included, but was not restricted to, the following:

•   Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the 

selected information.

•   Virtual interviews with relevant corporate staff to understand 

internal reporting guidance and processes, including the use of 
its internal GHG Protocol, internal spreadsheets, and its various 
internal data management and reporting systems for each of the 
metrics in scope.

•   Review of reporting boundary compared to J&J’s internal 

reporting criteria.

•   An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by all 

locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for the 
selected disclosures which included testing the completeness 
and mathematical accuracy of conversions and calculations,  
and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary.

•   A review of estimates, extrapolations, and assumptions  
made in relation to the data for relevant GHG Scope 3  
emissions categories.

•   In-person site visits to four sites (Lititz, US; Pomezia, Italy; 

Schaffhausen, Switzerland; Springhouse, US) and virtual visits 
to four sites (Athens, US; Norderstedt, Germany; Ringaskiddy, 
Ireland; Xian, China) to review local reporting processes and 
consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying 
source data for each indicator. We interviewed relevant staff, 
reviewed site data capture and reporting methods, checked 
calculations and assessed the local internal quality and assurance 
processes; and.

•   Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.

•   Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope 
of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent 
uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, 
calculating or estimating the underlying information. It is important 
to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

Our independence, integrity and quality control

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body 
accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. Accordingly we maintain a 
comprehensive system of quality control, including documented 
policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. Our quality management system is at 
least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and  
ISQM-2 (2022).

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure 
that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional 
competence and high ethical standards in their work. Our 
processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work 
we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict 
of interest. Our certified management system covers independence 
and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the 
relevant sections of Parts A & B of the IESBA Code relating to 
assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has 
extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, 
social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and 
processes, and provides no consultancy related services to J&J  
in any respect.

Beth Wyke
Partner, Corporate Assurance
Malvern, PA, USA

2 June 2023
ERM Certification and Verification Services Inc 
www.ermcvs.com  |  post@ermcvs.com

107

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryReport of Independent Accountants

To the Board of Directors of Johnson & Johnson

We have reviewed the accompanying management assertion of Johnson & Johnson that the sustainability 
metrics as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 in management’s assertion are presented in 
accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in management’s assertion. Johnson & Johnson’s 
management is responsible for its assertion and for the selection of the criteria, which management 
believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics. Our 
responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based on our review.

Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation 
Engagements, and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made 
to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated. The procedures performed in a review vary in 
nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which 
is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material 
respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. Because of the 
limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than 
the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed. We believe that the 
review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion. 

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 

The firm applies the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and, accordingly, 
maintains a comprehensive system of quality control.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment. In performing our review, we 
performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read 
relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the sustainability metrics, 
reviewed supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the 
sustainability metrics on a sample basis, and performed analytical procedures.

Independent Assurance Statements

The preparation of sustainability metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make 
determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect 
reported information. The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques 
could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to Johnson & 
Johnson’s management assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

Florham Park, New Jersey

June 2, 2023

108

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossaryJohnson & Johnson Management Assertion
As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 2022

Johnson & Johnson Management Assertion 

As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Management of Johnson & Johnson is responsible for the completeness, accuracy, and validity of the sustainability 
metrics included in the tables below as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the reporting year) for global 
operations, unless otherwise noted. The metrics have been rounded to the nearest whole number unless otherwise 
indicated. 

Management asserts that the metrics reported in the tables below, which are also included in the 2022 Health for 
Humanity Report as identified by the “‡“ symbol, are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth 
below. Management is responsible for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective 
basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics. The preparation of the sustainability metrics requires 
management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and 
make assumptions that affect reported information. The selection by management of different but acceptable 
measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported. 

Our Giving(a) 

Metric Description 

Total products(b) and cash contributed 

Products(b) contributed 

Cash contributed 

Metric Value (in millions) 

$4,292     

$3,925       

$367 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 

Metric Description 

Gender Representation(a)(b)(c)(i) 

Region(d)(j) 

Independent Assurance Statements

(a)  Our contributions include products or cash donations made to qualified nonprofit entities (i.e., 501(c)(3) organizations in the U.S. or with an NGO 

source 501(c)(3) equivalency determination for organizations outside the U.S.) by Johnson & Johnson during the reporting year. Administrative 
costs incurred by Johnson & Johnson during the contribution process are also included in cash contributions (approximately 3% of the cash 
contributed). 

(b)  Products contributed are measured at fair market value, which is the price of the product, as determined by an internal price list in USD as of 

December 31, 2022, that Johnson & Johnson would sell to consumers in the market. 

Employment type 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) 

Metric Description 

Global Employees(a)(c) 

Total number of employees(b) 

Region(d) 

Metric Value 

153,677 
Women 76,874   
Men 76,653  
Declined to answer 150 

Asia Pacific 31,322  
Europe, Middle East & Africa 44,473  
Latin America 26,053 
North America 51,829  

Job category(d)(g)(j) 

Metric Value 

Asia Pacific:  
Women 49.4% 
Men 50.6% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Europe, Middle East & Africa:  
Women 50.7% 
Men 49.3% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Latin America:  
Women 54.6% 
Men 45.5% 
Declined to answer 0% 
North America:  
Women 47.5% 
Men 52.2% 
Declined to answer 0.3%        

Full-time employees:  
Women 73,826  
Men 76,054 
Declined to answer 150 
Part-time employees:  
Women 3,048 
Men 599      
Declined to answer 0 
Fixed-term employees:  
Women 2,784 
Men 2,209 
Declined to answer 9 

Vice Presidents:  
Women 41.2% 
Men 58.0% 
Declined to answer 0.8% 
Directors and Managers:  
Women 49.2% 
Men 50.6%  
Declined to answer 0% 
Professionals:  
Women 51.5% 
Men 48.4% 
Declined to answer: 0.1% 

Management and executive positions(g) 

Women in management positions 
49.0% 
Women in executive positions 
38.5% 

109

1 

2 

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 

Metric Description 

Gender Representation(a)(b)(c)(i) 

Region(d)(j) 

Employment type 

Job category(d)(g)(j) 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 

Metric Description 

Management and executive positions(g) 
Gender Representation(a)(b)(c)(i) 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 
Region(d)(j) 

Metric Description 

Diversity in Board Composition 

Diversity in Board Composition(f) 

Global Age Diversity 

Age Diversity(e) by Job Category(a)(c)(d)(g)      

Vice Presidents 

Directors and Managers 
Employment type 

Professionals 

Independent Assurance Statements

Ethnic/Racial Diversity in the U.S. 

Ethnic/Racial Diversity in the U.S.(j) 

Job category(d)(g)(j) 

Ethnic/Racial Diversity(b) in the U.S. by Job Category(a)(c)(d)(g) 

Vice Presidents 

Directors and Managers(j) 

Management and executive positions(g) 

Metric Value 

Asia Pacific:  

Women 49.4% 

Men 50.6% 

Women 50.7% 

Men 49.3% 

Latin America:  

Women 54.6% 

Men 45.5% 

North America:  

Women 47.5% 

Men 52.2% 

Declined to answer 0% 

Europe, Middle East & Africa:  

Declined to answer 0% 

Declined to answer 0% 

Declined to answer 0.3%        

Full-time employees:  

Women 73,826  

Men 76,054 

Declined to answer 150 

Part-time employees:  

Women 3,048 

Men 599      

Declined to answer 0 

Fixed-term employees:  

Women 2,784 

Men 2,209 

Declined to answer 9 

Vice Presidents:  

Women 41.2% 

Men 58.0% 

Declined to answer 0.8% 
Directors and Managers:  
Women 49.2% 
Men 50.6%  
Declined to answer 0% 
Professionals:  
Women 51.5% 
Men 48.4% 
Metric Value 
Declined to answer: 0.1% 

Women in management positions 
49.0% 
Asia Pacific:  
Women in executive positions 
Women 49.4% 
Metric Value 
38.5% 
Men 50.6% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Europe, Middle East & Africa:  
Women 50.0% 
Women 50.7% 
Ethnic/Racial Diversity 25.0% 
Men 49.3% 
Under 30 17.0% 
Declined to answer 0% 
30-50 62.7% 
Latin America:  
51+ 20.3% 
Women 54.6% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Men 45.5% 
Declined to answer 0% 
North America:  
Under 30 0.0% 
Women 47.5% 
30-50 45.3% 
Men 52.2% 
Declined to answer 0.3%        
51+ 54.7% 

Under 30 1.6% 
Full-time employees:  
30-50 72.0% 
Women 73,826  
51+ 26.4% 
Men 76,054 
Declined to answer 150 
Under 30 23.9% 
Part-time employees:  
30-50 59.1% 
Women 3,048 
51+ 17.0% 
Men 599      
Declined to answer 0 
Fixed-term employees:  
White 62.4% 
Women 2,784 
Asian 16.2% 
Men 2,209 
Black/African American 7.5% 
Declined to answer 9 
Hispanic/Latino 9.8% 
Other 2.3% 
Vice Presidents:  
Declined to Answer 1.7% 
Women 41.2% 
Men 58.0% 
Declined to answer 0.8% 
White 68.0% 
Directors and Managers:  
Asian 13.7% 
Women 49.2% 
Black/African American 7.3% 
Men 50.6%  
Hispanic/Latino 8.5% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Other 1.9% 
Professionals:  
Declined to Answer 0.6% 
Women 51.5% 
Men 48.4% 
White 63.1% 
Declined to answer: 0.1% 
Asian 19.6% 
Black/African American 6.6% 
Women in management positions 
Hispanic/Latino: 8.0% 
49.0% 
Other 2.0% 
Women in executive positions 
Declined to answer 0.8% 
38.5% 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) continued 
Metric Description 
Metric Description 

Ethnic/Racial Diversity(b) in the U.S. by Job Category(a)(c)(d)(g) 
Gender Representation(a)(b)(c)(i) 

Region(d)(j) 
Professionals 

New Employee Hires(h) 

Total number of new hires 

2 

Region(d)(i)(j) 

Gender representation(b)(i) 
Employment type 

Age(e) 

Metric Value 
Metric Value 

Asia Pacific:  
White 61.7% 
Women 49.4% 
Asian 13.8% 
Men 50.6% 
Black/African American 8.3% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Hispanic/Latino 11.2% 
Europe, Middle East & Africa:  
Other 2.6% 
Women 50.7% 
Declined to answer 2.4% 
Men 49.3% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Latin America:  
24,940      
Women 54.6% 
Men 45.5% 
Asia Pacific 25.2% 
Declined to answer 0% 
Europe, Middle East & Africa 19.4% 
North America:  
Latin America 22.3% 
Women 47.5% 
North America 33.2% 
Men 52.2% 
Declined to answer 0.3%        
Women 53.8% 
Full-time employees:  
Men 45.8% 
Women 73,826  
Declined to answer 0.3% 
Men 76,054 
Declined to answer 150 
Under 30 42.8% 
Part-time employees:  
30-50 51.3% 
Women 3,048 
51+ 5.9%  
Men 599      
Declined to answer 0 
Fixed-term employees:  
Women 2,784 
Men 2,209 
Declined to answer 9 

(a)  Global Employees is the global employee headcount as of December 31, 2022 from Johnson & Johnson’s Human Resource Information System 

Job category(d)(g)(j) 

employee working less than 40 hours a week.  

(c)  An individual working full-time is defined as an employee working 40 hours or more a week. An individual working part-time is defined as an 

(HRIS). “Employee” is defined as an individual working full-time or part-time, excluding fixed-term employees, interns and co-op employees. Fixed-
term employees is defined as employees with a contract for a limited period that ends when the specific time period expires, or when the specific 
task or event that has an attached time estimate is completed. Fixed-term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on 
fixed-term contracts. Employee data may not include data from more recently acquired companies who are not yet reflected in HRIS (which does 
not exceed two years from the date of acquisition), and individuals on long-term disability are excluded. Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied 
by third-party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record), contractors and subcontractors are also excluded. Abiomed headcount is 
excluded from global employee data, as well as other employee and DEI-related disclosures. 

(b)  Gender and ethnic/racial diversity are reported in accordance with the gender, ethnicity and race as self-reported by the employee and recorded in 
HRIS as of November 9, 2022. “Other” is defined as employees who self-reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other 
Pacific Islander, or two or more races. 

(d)  The region and job category is obtained from HRIS as of December 31, 2022. 
(e)  Age diversity is reported in accordance with the age as self-reported by the employee and recorded in HRIS as of the date of hire.  
(f)  Gender and ethnic/racial diversity in the Board composition is reported in accordance with the gender and ethnicity as confirmed by Board 

Vice Presidents:  
Women 41.2% 
Men 58.0% 
Declined to answer 0.8% 
Directors and Managers:  
Women 49.2% 
Men 50.6%  
Declined to answer 0% 
Professionals:  
Women 51.5% 
Men 48.4% 
Declined to answer: 0.1% 
(h)  New employee hires are external hires with a start date between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 obtained from HRIS. 
(i)  Where the value for “Declined to answer” is rounded to zero and was zero in the prior year, it was excluded from the reported table. 
Management and executive positions(g) 
(j)  Values have been rounded to the nearest tenth. Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to 100.0%. 

(g)  Professional positions are defined as paygrades 20-26. Management positions are defined as paygrade 30 and above. Executives are defined as 
employees reporting directly to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based on an organization chart including names and positions as of 
December 31, 2022. 

members as of April 2023.  

Women in management positions 
49.0% 
Women in executive positions 
38.5% 

2 

3 

110

2 

4 

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee Retention and Turnover 

Metric Description 

Metric Value 

SIIC * 200,000 work hours)/total work hours. 

Employee Safety continued 
(f)  SIIC rate is calculated as follows and the data used in the calculation is obtained from the internal Johnson & Johnson CURVE system: (number of 

Managers and above moved across functions, country or business segment 
lines (a)(b)(c) 

46.2% 

Overall voluntary turnover (d)  

Voluntary turnover of high performers (e)  

8.8% 

4.2% 

(a)  Represents the percentage of employees in Manager and above job categories (defined as paygrade 30 and above in HRIS as of December 31, 

2022) who, in their career progression, moved through upward promotion or lateral transfer during the reporting year.  

(b)  Employee count excludes fixed-term, intern, and co-op employees, employees on long-term disability, employees from more recently acquired 

companies who are not yet reflected in HRIS (which does not exceed 2 years from the date of acquisition), and employees in the research & 
development (R&D) organizations in the Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health business segments. 

(c)  Employee movement is tracked monthly in HRIS and then consolidated at year end. If an employee moves, for example, across both function and 

country in the same month, it is only counted as one move. 

(d)  Employee count excludes fixed-term, intern, and co-op employees, employees on long-term disability, and employees from more recently acquired 
companies who are not yet reflected in HRIS (which does not exceed 2 years from the date of acquisition). Voluntary turnover (the numerator) 
excludes employees leaving the company due to retirement or death. 

(e)  High performer is defined as an individual with two consecutive annual performance ratings of Exceptional/Exceptional, Exceptional/Strong or 
Strong/Exceptional (note that “exceptional” and “strong” are two out of four possible dimension ratings). Employees who are not part of the 
performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric out of four possible dimension ratings). 
Employees who are not part of the performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric. 

Employee Safety(a)(b) 

Metric Description 

Lost Workday Case rate(c)(d) 

Independent Assurance Statements

Total Recordable Injury Rate(e) 

Serious Injury and Illness Case rate(f) 

Metric Value 

Global 0.06 
Asia Pacific 0.08      
Europe, Middle East & Africa 0.05      
Latin America 0.01      
North America 0.06      

Global 0.23      
Asia Pacific 0.15      
Europe, Middle East & Africa 0.20      
Latin America 0.21      
North America 0.29      

Global 0.03      
Asia Pacific 0.030      
Europe, Middle East & Africa 0.020 
Latin America 0.017 
North America 0.039 

Number of fatalities 

Global 0.0 

(a) 

Includes data as of December 31, 2022 and hours worked in the reporting year. More recently acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of 
December 31, 2022) are excluded from employee safety metrics. 

(b)  Lost Workday Case (LWDC) rate, Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR), Serious Injury and Illness Case (SIIC) rate and fatalities are calculated for 

Johnson & Johnson employees and contingent workers. Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third-party agencies that are the worker’s 
employer of record) are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson & Johnson 
employee. Cases from contractor/subcontractors (who are not contingent workers) are excluded. Reported illness/injury rates exclude COVID-19 
illness cases.  
“Lost days” are calendar days where an employee is unable to work due to illness or injury, beginning the day after an incident has taken place 
through the last day of leave (excluding holidays and vacations). 

(c) 

(d)  LWDC rate is calculated as follows and the data used in the calculation is obtained from the internal Johnson & Johnson CURVE system: (number 

of LWDC * 200,000 work hours)/total work hours. 

(e)  TRIR is calculated as follows and the data used in the calculation is obtained from the internal Johnson & Johnson CURVE system: (number of 

recordable cases * 200,000 work hours)/total work hours. 

Ethics and Compliance (Inquiries and Complaints as Recorded with Our Credo Integrity Line by Category) 

Metric Description 

Inquiries and complaints as recorded with Our Credo Integrity Line by 
Category(a)(b)      

Metric Value 

Human Resources-related 71% 

Business integrity-related 11% 

Other (privacy, information security, 
general security, EH&S, etc.)  6% 
General information questions      
3% 

Financial-related 4% 

Human rights-related 1% 

Product quality and patient safety-
related 3% 

(a)  Johnson & Johnson’s anonymous grievance mechanism includes 13 inquiry and complaint categories for the person reporting to select from when 
reporting inquiries and complaints. Field reports are then summarized into seven reported categories by Johnson & Johnson. “Other” consists of 
the following categories: privacy, information security, global security, Environment, Health & Safety (EH&S), legal/regulatory and report follow up. 

(b)  Johnson & Johnson’s Triage Committee and case investigators have the ability to change the category of an inquiry or complaint upon receipt 

using a set of established criteria in Our Credo Integrity Line. This occurred for no more than 16% of total recorded inquiries and complaints. 

Compliance-Related Allegations Investigated Through Triage Committee(a) 

Metric Description 

Number of compliance-related allegations investigated  

Percentage of compliance-related allegations investigated, by category  

Metric Value 

749 

Healthcare compliance(b) 55% 
Financial(c) 36% 
Other(d) 9% 

(a) 

(b) 

Compliance-related allegations can be filed by internal or external parties, and for those allegations that meet the internal escalation criteria, they 
are logged and categorized by Johnson & Johnson management within Johnson & Johnson’s sensitive issue case management system and then 
presented to and investigated through the Johnson & Johnson Triage Committee. Internal escalation criteria includes actual or alleged (i) non-
compliance with internal Johnson & Johnson policies that could result in termination of the employee; (ii) expense violations exceeding $1,000; 
(iii) theft, fraud or misuse of funds exceeding $1,000; (iv) non-compliance with laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws or human 
trafficking rules; (v) governmental non-compliance, such as failure to abide by relevant terms of a U.S. government invoice, contract or pricing 
program, financial conflicts of interest, false or incomplete statements made to the U.S. government; (vi) data breach or privacy incidents; and 
(vii) misconduct by members of the senior leadership team. 
Healthcare compliance allegations consist of violations of Health Care Compliance guidelines including U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
(FCPA) violations. 
Financial allegations consist of asset misappropriation, conflicts of interest and financial statement-related. 

(c) 
(d)  Other allegations consist of legal, quality, anti-trust, product registration and privacy. 

EH&S Compliance and Certifications 

Metric Description 

Number of environmental non-compliances(a)(b) 

Fines paid for environmental non-compliances(a)(b)(c) (thousands) 

Number of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 14001(d) 

Number of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 45001(d) 

Metric Value 

167      

$11.7      

87      

20 

5 

111

6 

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EH&S Compliance and Certifications continued 

Metric Description 
Percentage of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 14001(d)(e) 

Percentage of manufacturing and R&D sites certified to ISO 45001(d)(e) 

Metric Value 

91% 

20% 

(a) 

(b) 
(c) 

(d) 
(e) 

Environmental non-compliances represent instances of non-compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or laws that were either (i) 
self-reported to authorities in the reporting year or (ii) identified by authorities and the non-compliance occurred in the reporting year. The 
authorities include regional, national, state/country/province, and local/city regulatory agencies.  
Environmental non-compliances and fines paid exclude newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of December 31, 2022). 
Fines paid for environmental non-compliances include those paid in the reporting year. It does not include fines assessed and/or under 
negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022. 
Certified to ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 means the site has received an external certification that is valid as of December 31, 2022. 
The denominator of total manufacturing and research & development (R&D) sites excludes small R&D and manufacturing sites (defined as 
having less than 50 employees) and newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than three years as of December 31, 2022). 

Product Quality Indicators 

Metric Description 

Metric Value 

Our Credo Survey Results (a) 

Metric Description 

Number of languages Our Credo Survey is made available in 

Number of countries Our Credo Survey is administered in 

Response rate (among all active employees)(b) 

Favorability rate(b)(c) 

Percentage agreed with the statement: Ensures our first responsibility is to 
the patients, doctors and nurses, mothers and fathers, and all others who 
use our products and services(b) 

Percentage agreed with the statement: Provides an inclusive work 
environment where each employee is considered as an individual(b)(c) 

Percentage agreed with the statement: Acts responsibly to the communities 
in which we live and work and the world community as well(b)(c) 

Metric Value 

36 

77 

92% 

87% 

92% 

86% 

92% 

Independent Assurance Statements

Number of regulatory inspections(a) of Johnson & Johnson sites by 
worldwide health authorities(b)

Percentage of regulatory inspections(a) that resulted in zero 
observations(b)

Number of FDA inspections of Johnson & Johnson sites(c)

Percentage of FDA inspections that resulted in zero observations(c)

Average number of observations per FDA inspection(c)

Number of independent audits of Johnson & Johnson sites to ensure 
compliance with Johnson & Johnson Quality Policy and Standards(d)

Number of independent audits of external manufacturing sites(e) to 
ensure compliance with Johnson & Johnson Quality Policy and 
Standards(d)

Number of FDA warning letters issued 

Product recall rate(f), by business segment(g) 

 537 

 75% 

 8 

 63% 

 2.9 

166 

275 

0 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Johnson & Johnson conducts the Our Credo Survey biannually to track employee sentiment globally. Our Credo Survey metric data is collected 
and stored in a third-party platform. 
Active employees include Johnson & Johnson employees as of December 31, 2022, who completed the 2022 Our Credo Survey, and excludes 
fixed-term, intern, and co-op employees, employees on long-term disability, contractors, and employees that have been with Johnson & Johnson 
for less than three months. 
Favorability rate is calculated by determining the percentage of “agree” or “strongly agree” responses out of all responses for all Our Credo       
Survey questions. Response types include: strongly disagree, disagree, neither agree or disagree, agree, strongly agree, do not know. Questions 
without responses are removed from the numerator and denominator. 

Tax Contribution (Billions) 

Metric Description 

Taxes Borne Metric Value (a) 

Taxes Collected Metric Value (a) 

Corporate income tax(b) 

$5.2 

Payroll & social insurance taxes(c)(d) 

$1.6 

Sales/use & other taxes(c)(e) 

$0.9 

$7.7 

- 

$4.9 

$1.1 

$6.0 

     $13.7 

Pharmaceutical 0.003% 
MedTech 0.005% 
Consumer Health Self-Care OTC 0% 

Total 

Total tax contribution(f) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 
(f) 

(g) 

A regulatory inspection is defined as an inspection conducted by the health authority to determine compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Health authorities are organizations with authority over the development, manufacture, distribution, placing on the market, and post market 
surveillance of products. For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Korean Food and Drug Administration (KFDA), British 
Standards Institution (BSI), and Health Canada. The observations identified during the inspection are listed on a form provided by the third-party 
health authority who conducted the inspection. 
An FDA inspection is defined as a regulatory inspection performed by the FDA and an observation is defined as the observed condition or 
practice indicating that an FDA-regulated product may be in violation of FDA requirements. The observations are listed on FDA Form 483 during 
inspections conducted by the FDA and then provided to the manufacturer following the FDA inspection. 
Independent audits are conducted by internal Johnson & Johnson Regulatory Compliance auditors at Johnson & Johnson sites and external 
manufacturing sites. 
An external manufacturing site is defined as not owned or operated by Johnson & Johnson. 
Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from the market as a percentage of total lots globally manufactured, based on field 
action removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board and aligned by Johnson & Johnson Enterprise Compliance, 
that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and in certain 
cases will cause serious adverse health consequences. A lot is defined as a specific quantity of material that has uniform character and quality 
and was released to market during the 2022 calendar year. 
The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment. The Consumer Health product quality recall rate 
is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self-Care over-the-counter (OTC) business segment. 

7 

(a)  Taxes borne are a direct cost to Johnson & Johnson. Taxes collected are not a direct cost to Johnson & Johnson as they represent taxes 

collected from customers and employees on behalf of governments, which are ultimately remitted to the governments.  

(b)  Corporate income tax represents income and withholding taxes paid in all markets in which Johnson & Johnson operates. 
(c)  Payroll & social insurance taxes and sales/use & other taxes are based on data collected for 22 major markets that represent approximately 97% 

of total 3rd party and intercompany sales recorded for the market. These taxes are not reported for the remaining markets that represent 
approximately 3% of total 3rd party and intercompany sales recorded for the market. 

(d)  Payroll & social insurance taxes borne represent taxes paid directly by Johnson & Johnson. Payroll & social insurance taxes collected represent 

amounts withheld from employees for federal (local country government), state and social contribution taxes, as well as contingent labor taxes 
collected.   

(e)  Sales/use & other taxes borne represent sales/use tax, property tax, and non-recoverable value-added tax, as well as other taxes comprised of 

customs and other duties and pharmaceutical fees imposed by the government on legal entities within the pharmaceutical industry for 
prescription drugs. Sales/use & other taxes collected represent the net value-added tax (VAT) (VAT output less VAT input) and sales tax 
collected.  
Total tax contribution is made up of two components: total taxes borne by Johnson & Johnson and total taxes collected. 

(f) 

112

8 

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & InnovationGlossary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
Glossary

Acronym

Definition

Acronym

Definition

AAALAC

Global nonprofit that promotes the humane treatment of animals in science. Formerly 
Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International

AAPI

AFib

AI

AMR

APAC

API

ARV

BIPOC

Asian American and Pacific Islander

Atrial fibrillation

Artificial intelligence

Antimicrobial resistance

Asia Pacific

Active pharmaceutical ingredient

Antiretroviral

Black, indigenous, and people of color

CAR or CAR-T

Chimeric antigen receptor or Chimeric antigen receptor T-cell

CDC

CDP

DEI

DR-TB

EMA

EMEA

ERG

ERP

ESG

ExPEC

FDA

GCI

GHG

GPH

HCP

HIV

HVAC

IA

IP

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

Global nonprofit for environmental impact disclosures. Formerly Carbon Disclosure Project

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Drug-resistant tuberculosis

European Medicines Agency

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Employee Resource Group(s)

Enterprise resource planning

Environmental, social and governance

Extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli

U.S. Food and Drug Administration

Global Community Impact

Greenhouse gas or gases

Global Public Health

Healthcare professional(s)

Human immunodeficiency virus

Heating, ventilation and air conditioning

Intelligent automation

Intellectual Property

JJDC

Johnson & Johnson Innovation—JJDC, Inc.

J&J MedTech

Johnson & Johnson MedTech

JLABS

LAI

Johnson & Johnson Innovation—JLABS

Long-acting injectable

LGBTQIA+

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or questioning, intersex, asexual and others

LMICs

MDR-TB

ML

NBIM

NGO

NIH

NIST

NTDs

OTC

Low- and middle-income countries

Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis

Machine learning

Norges Bank Investment Management (NBIM) and Basel Institute on Governance's "Measuring 
effectiveness of anti-corruption programmes" reporting framework, adding disclosures against 
this set of 17 indicators

Non-governmental organization(s)

National Institutes of Health

National Institute of Standards and Technology

Neglected tropical diseases

Over-the-counter

ORTHE

Our Race to Health Equity

PPA

PPE

PTA

RLS

RNA

RWD

SDG

SEC

SSP

STEM2D

TB

UNGPs

WHO

Power Purchase Agreement(s)

Personal protective equipment

Priority Topics Assessment

Resource-limited settings

Ribonucleic acid

Real-world data

Sustainable Development Goal (of the United Nations)

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

Supplier Sustainability Program

Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Manufacturing and Design

Tuberculosis

United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

World Health Organization

113

Glossary

2022 Health for  Humanity ReportOur Approach Global Health Equity Our Employees Environmental Health Accountability & Innovation Reporting Hub  ESG Performance DataIndependent Assurance StatementsFinancial ResultsGlobal Health EquityOur EmployeesEnvironmental HealthAccountability & Innovation2022 Health  
for Humanity 
Report

Contact us:
Johnson & Johnson Enterprise ESG Program Office
WW-Corporate-Governance@its.jnj.com

One Johnson & Johnson Plaza

New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933

healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com

Scientist Jan G. is shown working in Johnson Johnson’s molecule library, which stores more than 1.7 million unique compounds.

Our scientists can access this library to order compounds for R D activities at Johnson Johnson.

Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0 participants Ryan Randle, M.D., and Michelle Salazar, M.D., M.H.Sc., participate in a laparoscopic surgery hands on lab.

I am pleased that we ranked 2 on the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, which evaluates the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies on their efforts to distribute medicines to low and middle income countries.

We also exceeded our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal to support 1.3 million frontline health workers with tools and training.

Other initiatives include the Johnson Johnson Center for Health Worker Innovation, which has committed 15 million over three years to the Africa Frontline First Catalytic Fund to expand the professional workforce of community health workers in ten African countries.

Our continued focus on accelerating diversity, equity and inclusion outcomes helps us meet the changing needs of the communities we serve.

I am proud that we achieved our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of reaching 35 percent racial and ethnic diversity in U.S. management roles.

We are also on track to achieve gender parity for women in management positions around the world.

To upskill our employees, we launched J J Learn, a dynamic development ecosystem to ensure easy access to learning and growth opportunities.

We also enhanced mental health resources for our employees and their families.

Grounded in the belief that science and technology will advance healthcare more in this decade than in the last century, we invested nearly 15 billion in R D in 2022 and integrated digital capabilities into how we work.

Already, the use of data science in drug discovery has advanced our three treatments for multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer, providing transformational care for cancer patients.

Data science is also applied to our R D ecosystem of medical devices, software and robotics solutions, helping healthcare providers care for patients with greater precision and efficiency.

Following the acquisition of Abiomed, Inc., the world leader in heart recovery solutions, we are integrating their technology and expanding our leadership in cardiovascular care.

Technology is also helping our supply chain make leaps forward in productivity, efficiency and sustainability.

This fact was recognized by the World Economic Forum, which has granted 11 (three new in 2022) Lighthouse designations to our manufacturing facilities.

As we reflect on 2022’s accomplishments, we do so with an eye to a different but no less exciting future.

In 2023, we are on track to advance two global companies: Kenvue a new consumer health company and Johnson Johnson dedicated to Pharmaceutical and MedTech that will be uniquely positioned in a fast moving healthcare landscape.

In this report, you will discover many other insights about how Johnson Johnson is creating long term and sustainable value.

In the years to come, we are committed to lead and seize opportunities for humanity while following Our Credo values.

Joaquin Duato with Johnson Johnson colleagues attending the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in New Orleans, Louisiana.

In 2022, we secured a deal to source 100 percent renewable electricity for our operations in Brazil.

We also joined a collaboration of pharmaceutical companies to support ingredient suppliers’ efforts to decarbonize.

Safe Returns program to Switzerland, with plans to add more countries this year.

Also in Europe, we expanded our single use device hospital recycling program to eight countries.

In a world of opportunity and innovation, Johnson Johnson is committed to improving the health of people everywhere.

We are guided by Our Credo, a set of values that inspires our more than 153,000 employees to put the needs and well being of the people we serve first.

For 80 years, it has motivated us to solve complex health challenges with a spirit of innovation.

Improving the health for humanity is Our Purpose and shared responsibility.

I am honored as Chairman and CEO to continue this legacy.

Our solid financial performance in 2022 was driven by an industry leading portfolio of scientific and technological innovations that are reshaping many aspects of healthcare.

Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy underpins our business performance with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals as key performance indicators of our progress.

These frameworks guide our decisions and direct our positive contributions to society, the economy and sustainable development.

They also remind us how much more we can do for the world.

But the Board’s oversight and, at times, the responsibilities for our standing Committees, must evolve to meet our fiduciary obligations and the changing needs of the Company.

For example, in 2021, the Board formed a Special Committee to oversee the separation of the Consumer Health business, and this Special Committee remained active through 2022.

Operations Risk Officer and Executive Committee member, and overseen by the Board.

This type of oversight is not a new responsibility for our Board, and we view compliance and business opportunity as closely linked not in tension when it comes to our strategy.

Ethical and compliant conduct is the basis for a successful business and can be an enabler of opportunity by addressing ESG matters in a strategic and holistic way.

Anne M. Mulcahy, Lead Director of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, plays a pivotal role in ensuring our Board is deeply engaged with our ESG strategy and progress.

Anne shares some insights below in response to questions that reflect current interests of key stakeholders.

As a Board at the helm of a very dynamic organization, we are constantly evaluating how a changing world is affecting the Company’s business and how we as a Board must respond to both current and emerging challenges, and also to opportunities.

This was particularly true in 2022, as the Company navigated social unrest and conflict in many parts of the world, supply chain issues, increased inflation and interest rates, extreme weather events and more all while preparing for a successful separation of the Consumer Health business segment.

Johnson Johnson has long thrived in a changing environment the Company has been doing so for more than 135 years.

As the independent Lead Director for the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, I work closely with our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer as he focuses on the Company’s trajectory of long term growth.

Johnson Johnson has a longstanding commitment to creating long term value for all stakeholders both to mitigate risk and to explore and develop new business opportunities.

These responsibilities are outlined in the Company’s Credo, a set of business principles that have guided the Company for 80 years.

The Board’s understanding of and perspective on environmental, social and governance matters and their relevance to value creation has evolved significantly over the past several years, and we have taken many opportunities to engage with the business to help guide ESG considerations in decision making across many aspects of the Company’s activities.

For example, we supported the formalization of Johnson Johnson’s ESG strategy in 2022 and monitored progress on the ESG strategy aligned Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

This plays out in the integration of global health equity a core ESG key focus area in different business processes.

For example, Janssen, the Company’s pharmaceutical business, actively addresses health inequities by improving diverse recruitment for clinical trials and supporting the next generation of underrepresented diverse physicians.

Advancing environmental health is another ESG priority, and J J MedTech, is advancing circularity by partnering with hospitals in Europe to recycle metal and plastic components from single use surgical instruments.

The program is currently active in eight countries.

We’re very excited about these projects, and more like them are underway.

We have taken many opportunities to engage with the business to help guide ESG considerations in decision making across many aspects of the Company’s activities.

Our Board at Johnson Johnson realized this connection long ago, and we have significantly integrated ESG matters in our Board agenda.

For example, in 2021, I joined the Board Committee Chairs overseeing risk and sustainability topics in engaging in the Company’s most recent ESG Priority Topics Assessment, the results of which have informed the Company’s reporting and disclosure and will play a significant role in Johnson Johnson’s next set of public goals.

In 2022, the Board decided to realign Committee responsibilities and enhanced and expanded the scope of the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee.

This action better positions the Board to oversee certain ESG matters alongside other compliance matters.

Financial results will always be an important measure of performance, but Johnson Johnson will continue its sustainable long term growth through operating with a focus on the future and by refusing to compromise on Our Credo values.

It is a core responsibility of the Board to capitalize on the Company’s position of strength as a leader in healthcare by guiding Johnson Johnson to address the pressing concerns of today while preparing to meet the challenges of tomorrow.

Investments in R D, data science and digital innovation are central to advancing the Company’s ESG strategy, and these investments are reflected in the strategies of Johnson Johnson’s business segments and Enterprise functions.

These emerging fields will drive value creation throughout the Company.

I’m very excited for the future at Johnson Johnson, especially with its focus on innovation, which enables the Company to pursue both its purpose and performance with equal commitment.

Transformational innovation, science and technology are fundamental to the Company’s strong financial performance, and it is this powerful financial performance that enables Johnson Johnson to sustain and exceed its investment in lifesaving and life enhancing innovations, benefiting millions of patients and consumers each year.

The Foundation operates worldwide as the Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

Ranked 2 in the Access to Medicine Index and featured as an Index top three performer for the sixth consecutive year.

Recognized with a CDP A List rating for our leadership in climate action for the fifth consecutive year.

Scored in the 97th percentile for the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector for the EcoVadis sustainability assessment for 2022.

Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series for the 22nd year, scoring in the 97th percentile in our sector in 2022.

Ranked 1 in the pharmaceuticals biotechnology sector in North America for Moody’s Analytics’ ESG scorecard for 2022.

MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided as is’ and without warranty.

MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

We blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

We are driven by Our Credo, a set of values and principles that, since 1943, has challenged and inspired us to put the needs and well being of the people we serve first.

Johnson Johnson, through its Family of Companies ( the Company ), is the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. Our operating companies employ approximately 153,700 employees4 in virtually all countries of the world, who are engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field.

We work with more than 46,000 suppliers and hundreds of external manufacturers to support the development and manufacturing of our products worldwide.

The Company’s product portfolio includes thousands of Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health products that address the health and wellness needs of people every day.

Johnson Johnson is a publicly owned corporation with stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:JNJ).

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, publicly traded company.

In September 2022, Kenvue was announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company.

Kenvue was part of Johnson Johnson for all of 2022 (the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report).

Kenvue completed an initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock on May 8th, 2023.

As of the closing of the initial public offering, the Company owns approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.

The Company remains on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

The Company’s dedication to integrating ESG into our business strategies starts at the highest levels of leadership, where the Board has overall accountability for ESG risk management oversight.

Effective ESG governance requires both management engagement and Board level oversight.

The Board’s ESG risk management approach is designed to effectively govern and manage the ESG risks and opportunities that are integral to the Company’s core business strategy.

Significant ESG risks are reviewed and evaluated by the Board and its Committees as part of their ongoing risk oversight of our Company.

We announced our evolved ESG strategy, focused on championing global health equity, empowering our employees and advancing environmental health.

Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to these efforts.

The Enterprise Governance Council, the Company’s primary governance body for ESG matters, updated its ESG knowledge module and made it available to all employees to help them understand our ESG management approach, including our ESG strategy.

We held our fifth investor relations ESG webcast in June 2022, to update shareholders on our ESG performance and progress against our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

The webcast included an interview with members of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors and our Chief Financial Officer.

We continued to improve our disclosures on ESG topics, including enhancing our Tax Policy, Position on Disaster Relief and Position on Employee Development.

We also expanded disclosures with additional metrics for greater transparency.

At Johnson Johnson, we use our materiality assessment, which we call our Priority Topics Assessment (PTA), to identify, prioritize and strategically address relevant ESG topics that can have a significant impact on society or our business.

Since 2008, we have conducted the PTA every two to three years.

Our last PTA was conducted in 2021 with a double materiality focus, by which we examined ESG priority topics from two standpoints: the impact of a topic on Johnson Johnson’s business results and the impact of Johnson Johnson’s business on people, the environment and society in general.

Our Priority Topics Matrix presents our ESG priorities.

Our ESG strategy is grounded in Our Credo values, informed by both our Company’s purpose to change the trajectory of health for humanity and the views of our external stakeholders.

We set our ESG strategy in a deliberate manner, focusing our efforts on the areas where we are well positioned to achieve the greatest impact: championing global health equity, empowering our employees and advancing environmental health.

Leading with accountability and innovation is foundational to these efforts.

Our ESG approach is designed to effectively govern and manage all risks, including ESG risks, while also enabling us to identify opportunities that accurately reflect our business strategy.

This sustained, focused approach promotes resiliency and drives growth, better positioning us to continue investing for our future and enhancing the long term value of our business.

The deep and longstanding relationships we cultivate with our stakeholders are vital to our business success and our ESG strategy.

Johnson Johnson interacts with numerous stakeholder groups at the global, national and local levels, including through membership of, and participation in, a broad range of advocacy organizations and industry associations.

Promoting health legislation in the U.S.: The U.S. maternal mortality rate continues to exceed the rate of other high income countries, including a 40% increase in 2021 .5 In the U.S., Medicaid has a vital role to play in improving maternal health outcomes, with nearly half of all births financed by Medicaid.

We strongly supported state efforts to advance legislation to extend Medicaid postpartum coverage to 12 months for new mothers, helping address disproportionate maternal mortality outcomes in disadvantaged communities.

Johnson Johnson also joined more than 70 healthcare organizations in advocating for the Dr. Lorna Breen Health Care Provider Protection Act (H.R. 1667), the first ever federal legislation in the U.S. directed at protecting the mental health of the country’s healthcare workforce to facilitate the reduction and prevention of suicide, burnout and mental and behavioral health conditions among HCPs. The Act became law in March 2022.

While health worker burnout had reached a crisis point before the COVID 19 pandemic, the acute mental health needs and risk factors among HCPs were brought into sharp focus in the early days of 2020 as health workers experienced severe work trauma, burnout, and exhaustion.

The tragic death by suicide of emergency room physician, Dr. Lorna Breen, in April 2020, underscored the urgent need to provide better support services to health workers.

In July 2020, Senator Tim Kaine (D VA) introduced a bill to protect the mental health of the healthcare workforce.

Developed alongside the Dr. Lorna Breen Heroes’ Foundation with support from Johnson Johnson, this bill would eventually become the Dr. Lorna Breen Healthcare Provider Protection Act.

For more information on how we help our stakeholders understand how we are managing the risk of these relevant ESG topics and embedding sustainability into decision making, which is a critical component of our ESG governance, please see our ESG Strategy and our ESG Resources.

Supporting healthcare policy making in Europe: As the founding knowledge partner and sponsor of All Policies for a Healthy Europe Coalition, we strengthened our partnership on the development of numerous publications and policy dialogues by the coalition in three areas: the economy of well being (covering the COVID 19 pandemic response, health systems resilience, value based healthcare and the EU Beating Cancer policies) the digitalization of health (contributing our expertise to emerging data governance, the European Health Data Space and AI policies) and environmental health (supporting the revision of the ambient air directive).

Janssen has been a leading industry voice shaping the EU Pharmaceutical Strategy, championing patient access to medicines and strong IP rights.

We have shone a light on the changes in EU legislation that would diminish IP rights, a critical element underpinning medical innovation in Europe.

Janssen provides evidence and data to help stakeholders appreciate the need for strong IP protections to develop new treatments to address unmet medical needs.

We also advocate for an agile regulatory framework that will allow fast adoption of innovative new medicines supported through the use of real world evidence, digital health technology and data sharing.

Our activities in 2022 included direct dialogue with European policymakers and other stakeholders, along with yearlong media engagement, adding our voice to the public debate.

Not every asset that we start working on actually makes it to the finish line.

IP allows us to generate return for the value that we bring to patients and society once the therapy is available, and that’s a return that we actually reinvest into developing new advanced lifesaving and breakthrough therapies.

Strengthening the healthcare industry in Asia: Johnson Johnson led the healthcare industry presence at the 2022 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders’ Week in Bangkok, Thailand, as the only healthcare company speaking at the event.

APEC is a critical and highly influential forum, driving improvements in healthcare policy, innovation and access across this large and diverse region of the world.

The Leader’s Week was the first in person APEC gathering since 2018 and a significant opportunity for our global delegation to engage with heads of state and government leaders from all 21 APEC countries, industry and academia.

We shared Johnson Johnson’s perspective on key healthcare challenges and the importance of advancing quality health data, health financing for innovation and supply chain resilience to improve healthcare outcomes.

Participating in global convenings to advance healthcare systems: Leaders from across Johnson Johnson participated in several key events and meetings during the UN General Assembly in 2022.

Our engagement emphasized the importance of advancing equitable access to care, investing in health workers and innovation to eradicate pandemic and epidemic diseases, and pandemic response.

Also in 2022, global health leaders and stakeholders gathered in Geneva, Switzerland, for the 75th annual World Health Assembly (WHA), with representation of 194 country delegations.

The WHA provides an important opportunity for partners across sectors to engage, build and strengthen relationships and to accelerate action on pressing health challenges facing the world.

As a global healthcare leader, Johnson Johnson was an active convenor and contributor to events during the WHA, providing a critical private sector lens and bringing greater awareness of our unique lab to last mile approach to advancing equitable access to care.

Our engagement covered key issues, including vaccination to eradicate disease such as Ebola, fighting infectious diseases like TB and supporting frontline health workers.

Also, at WHA 2022, Johnson Johnson announced our new Global Surgery Initiative and joined discussions on the importance of investing in sustainable surgical systems to advance equitable access to care.

Engaging with industry on ESG: We continued to engage with the pharmaceutical industry to ensure the expertise of our industry is reflected in the ESG metrics and related disclosures that are most relevant to the sector.

Working as part of the Biopharma Sustainability Roundtable (BSRT), a network that supports sustainability in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry, Johnson Johnson participates in the Biopharma Investor ESG Communications Initiative, which supports the development of decision useful communications about the sector’s most important ESG issues.

In 2022, BSRT released the Biopharma Investor ESG Communications Guidance 4.0, the result of collaboration among leading pharmaceutical companies, including Johnson Johnson, as well as investor groups.

As a leading pharmaceutical company, we are always seeking to respond positively to investor information needs, as well as those of other stakeholders.

We value the opportunity to collaborate with peer companies to define disclosure guidance specific to our sector, and we believe this helps elevate ESG awareness and sets a benchmark for investor expectations of our industry.

Engaging stakeholders for this Report: Many internal stakeholders across Johnson Johnson’s global teams provided input for this Report.

The Chairman of the Board and CEO, the Disclosure Committee and the Disclosure Sub Committee6 reviewed the Report outline and metrics, and the Disclosure Committee reviewed the full Report.

Our entire Executive Committee reviewed and approved the 2022 Health for Humanity Report, and it was shared with the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors and the full Board prior to publication.

The Disclosure Committee comprises the Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary, Head of Litigation plus leaders from the Controllers’ office and Investor Relations and Global Audit Assurance departments.

Our ambitious set of Health for Humanity 2025 Goals align to our ESG focus areas and foundation of accountability and innovation, and is how we hold ourselves publicly accountable in creating a more sustainable society.

We measure and track performance against our Goals, with progress assured by a third party.

Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, we support 11 of the 17 UN SDGs.

Stringent regulatory authority approval of a new TB drug regimen that reduces treatment length and is at least as effective and safe as the current recommended treatment by 2030.

Complete a clinical study to demonstrate the health, economic and social value of using paliperidone palmitate LAI to treat schizophrenia in Rwanda by 2024.

Create playbook including Documented Organizational Readiness for Pandemic Preparedness based on the demonstrated accelerated process for emergency use licensure submission of our COVID 19 vaccine.

Adoption of endorsed platform by at least two countries by 2025.

Three best practice healthcare for women insights published.

Spend with Tier 1 small and diverse suppliers, social enterprise and Tier 2 supplier spend.

See our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard for full results.

Johnson Johnson’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report details our ESG progress and performance and should be reviewed in conjunction with disclosures on the ESG Policies Positions page.

Data in this annual Report cover the period between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022, unless otherwise indicated, and was published in June 2023.

Reporting on other matters specific to financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries can be found in our 2022 Annual Report.

This Report covers Johnson Johnson’s worldwide operations across our three business segments: Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health.7 For select metrics, we report segment level data.

Contract manufacturers are excluded from the scope of this Report, unless otherwise noted.

References in this Report to Johnson Johnson, the Company, we, us and our all refer to Johnson Johnson and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context.

All monetary references to dollars ( ) refer to U.S.

This Report also covers some activities of the Johnson Johnson Foundation, a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee.

The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies and is funded solely by the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies, The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

More details on Foundation activities can be found in the Johnson Johnson Foundation United States 2022 Annual Report and the Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland 2022 Directors’ Report.

The Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (see ESG Disclosure Index: GRI Content Index).

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) relevant Standards: HC BP, HC MS, CG HP.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures.

Norges Bank Investment Management and Basel Institute on Governance’s Measuring effectiveness of anti corruption programmes reporting framework, adding disclosures against this set of 17 indicators and.

UN Global Compact (UNGC) see our annual Communication on Progress.

Materiality approach:8 The content in this Report is guided by our PTA, which helps us identify and prioritize the ESG topics that matter most to our stakeholders and to our Company.

Please see our Priority Topics Assessment for details of our latest update and Priority Topics.

Progress against our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals and associated data presented in the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard (see ERM CVS’s Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Assurance) and.

Select 2022 global GHG emissions inventory, the percentage of electricity use generated by renewable energy sources, NOx and SOx emissions (from combustion sources) and select water management data (see GHG Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data Assurance).

Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions are reported using the WBCSD WRI GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004, as updated January 2015).

Environmental Health Safety (EH S Compliance and Certifications).

Employee Engagement (Our Credo Survey Results) (select metrics).

Ethics and Compliance (Inquiries and Complaints as Recorded with Our Credo Integrity Line by Category).

Ethics and Compliance (Compliance Related Allegations.

Our Global Audit Assurance organization reviewed select data for accuracy, completeness and validity.

The financial data and general information about the business in this Report were previously audited for disclosure in our 2022 Annual Report.

Acquisitions: EH S data of recently acquired companies, except for employee road safety data and site ISO and OHSAS certification data, are included in the Report two years after acquisition, unless otherwise noted.

This approach allows the new acquisitions to adjust their EH S management and reporting systems to Johnson Johnson standards.

Road safety data are integrated the first year after acquisition, where available, and two years after acquisition at the latest.

ISO and OHSAS certification data are integrated three years after acquisition.

Abiomed, which was acquired in late December 2022, is reflected only in the financial data included in this Health for Humanity Report.

Due to the timing of the acquisition and the nature of our Human Resources Information System, no other Abiomed data are included in this 2022 Health for Humanity Report.

See the Johnson Johnson 2022 Annual Report for more information on Abiomed.

The dates and details of recent acquisitions can be found in Note 18 (Acquisitions and Divestitures) on page 82 of our 2022 Annual Report.

A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, including in the sections captioned Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and Item 1A.

Risk Factors, and in Johnson Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson Johnson.

Any forward looking statement made in this Report speaks only as of the date of this report.

Johnson Johnson does not undertake to update any forward looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Third party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.

Divestitures: Except for injury statistics and violations or fines, EH S data of divested companies are excluded in the reporting year.

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business into a new, publicly traded company.

In September 2022, Kenvue was announced as the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company.

Kenvue was part of Johnson Johnson for all of 2022 (the reporting period for this 2022 Health for Humanity Report).

Kenvue completed an initial public offering of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock on May 8, 2023.

As of the closing of the initial public offering, the Company owns approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.

The Company remains on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

In future reporting years, starting with the 2023 Health for Humanity Report, Kenvue data will not be included nor restated.

Restatements: We use a 5% change threshold to apply to significant changes in data or information that is restated, unless otherwise noted.

There are several potential reasons that may lead to a restatement of either prior periods or baseline data (e.g., a significant change in newly published measures, new acquisitions or divestitures, data errors or improvements in data collection methodology over time).

Depending on circumstances, each is evaluated using this threshold, and appropriate disclosures are included in the Report.

Data that were not disclosed in prior years are noted as not reported in relevant tables throughout the Report.

Contact us: We welcome your queries and feedback on this Report.

Please contact the Johnson Johnson Enterprise ESG Program Office at: WW Corporate Governance its.jnj.com.

Please visit the Reporting Hub for our archive of annual Health for Humanity Reports.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements: This Report contains forward looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things: future operating and financial performance, product development, market position, business strategy and the anticipated separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business.

The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward looking statements.

These statements are based on current expectations of future events.

If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson Johnson.

Healthcare workers from the Bomu Hospital in Kenya teach members of the Maasai community about obstetric fistula.

In 2022, the Johnson Johnson Foundation continued to support healthcare workers through the Fistula Foundation.

Across Johnson Johnson, we continue to build on our legacy of more than 135 years of blending innovation, scientific excellence and caring for people to tackle some of today’s toughest health challenges and help deliver improved health for all, everywhere.

At the core of our mission is a commitment to advance global health equity.

For that to become a reality, people need to have access to affordable lifesaving and life enhancing treatments in every corner of the world.

In all that we do, we seek to enhance access to our innovative medicines, vaccines and medical technologies everywhere, especially for populations in resource limited settings.

We share our progress in making our medicines and technologies available to help combat specific diseases such as HIV, TB, Ebola and certain NTDs in the Pandemics Epidemics section of this Report.

Access to medicine is central to our global health equity strategy and is embedded in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals across several explicit commitments.

Our progress against these commitments is described in this Report and summarized in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals Scorecard.

Note: Patients treated represents the estimated number of people globally who were treated with a Janssen medicine in 2022, including patients reached through our VERMOX (mebendazole) donation program.

This total excludes people vaccinated with our Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine, which is reported separately.

We estimated the number of patients treated by converting quantities of Janssen medicines into courses of therapy or total patient days of therapy per year and then converting those into numbers of people based on average utilization per patient.

Patients taking multiple Janssen products may be counted as multiple patients in the total.

Methodologies may vary by product type given the nature of the product and available data.

Our estimated number of patients treated may be revised over time as we gain new information on patient usage or experience restatements in underlying data sources or changes in product portfolios.

Our progress in advancing access and innovating novel medicines was recognized by the Access to Medicine Foundation in its 2022 Access to Medicine Index (ATMI) in which Johnson Johnson ranked second, rising from third in 2021.

Our position among the top three companies worldwide on the ATMI for a sixth consecutive year reflects our decades of commitment to enhancing access to our medicines and strengthening healthcare systems.

It is also a testament to our colleagues and partners around the world who endeavor every day to enable millions of people in almost 100 lower and middle income countries to benefit from our innovative medicines and technologies.

Making progress by design: We apply our Janssen Access and Pricing Principles across our entire pharmaceutical portfolio, planning for access early in the research phase.

We work systematically for each asset in development to thoroughly understand the disease characteristics, patient burden of disease and product characteristics.

In our access planning, we consider health system characteristics, access and affordability, applying a variety of approaches, including value based pricing, equity based tiered pricing and other access initiatives tailored to the disease and product, as we work with other stakeholders to enable patient access to medicines across a wide variety of health system characteristics and country ability and willingness to pay.

Janssen, along with our Global Public Health organization, deploys a lab to last mile approach to fight diseases such as HIV, TB and Ebola, driving targeted innovation and initiatives to overcome barriers to deliver access to our medicines, strengthen health systems and support frontline health workers.

Medicine prequalification by the World Health Organization (WHO) is designed to ensure that medicines supplied by procurement agencies meet acceptable standards of quality, safety and efficacy.

Johnson Johnson products (addressing HIV and intestinal worms) are on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products.

Johnson Johnson products (our Ebola vaccine regimen)12 are on the WHO List of Prequalified Vaccines.

Advancing access in the U.S.: Equitable access strategies are important not only in LMICs, but also in higher income countries that are home to vulnerable and under resourced populations as well.

With a focus on access in the U.S., in 2023, we published our seventh annual Janssen U.S. Transparency Report, sharing updates relating to our pricing of medicines, our R D investments and patient support programs.

As a signatory to the Business for Social Responsibility (BSR) Guiding Principles on Access to Healthcare, we engage broadly across our industry to improve access for patients around the world.

In 2022, we collaborated as a member of BSR’s working group to develop the Access to Healthcare Ladder.

Access to treatment in the last mile: As part of Johnson Johnson’s commitment to advancing equitable access to medicines, we funded an innovative pilot study by the Infectious Diseases Institute in Uganda to assess the impact of medical drones in increasing access and improving community disease management.

The pilot study used a small, unmanned aircraft to deliver HIV treatments to the people of the Kalangala islands.

As a result of this pilot project, researchers were able to quantify the effectiveness of medical drones’ HIV drug delivery, which will help inform future efforts to scale drone technology to solve other last mile delivery challenges in Uganda and elsewhere.

Our 2022 HEALTHEVOICES leadership conference convened nearly 100 leading online patient advocates for three days of learning, sharing and debating on topics such as the impacts of culture on health, bridging change in the healthcare space and culturally inclusive marketing.

This much awaited event was the first in person conference since before the COVID 19 pandemic and the eighth annual HEALTHEVOICES conference since its inception in 2015.

HEALTHEVOICES is designed by and for online patient advocates, offering a safe space to deliver authentic content on the most pressing issues impacting patients.

Approximately 50 Johnson Johnson leaders attended the 2022 conference, demonstrating our keen commitment to understanding patient needs and empowering patient advocates to influence how we communicate with and to patients to improve patient experience.

The HEALTHEVOICES community reaches a vast digital network of more than 800 advocates across nearly 100 health conditions with a collective reach of 17 million patients, caregivers and healthcare professionals.

The HEALTHEVOICES Diversity, Equity, Accessibility Inclusion (DEAI) Task Force shapes health equity focused programming for patient advocates and Johnson Johnson audiences, supported by close to 30,000 followers on social media.

In 2022, HEALTHEVOICES, with the support of the DEAI Task Force, published an Instagram Live series on transgender health, advocacy and allyship generated educational social media campaigns around 12 awareness events throughout the year, including Juneteenth, Pride and Hispanic Heritage Month issued public statements in support of the AAPI and LGBTQIA communities following violence against them in the U.S. and participated in discussions on health equity with Johnson Johnson leaders.

Ongoing DEAI Task Force activities such as these add vital momentum to driving equitable change in healthcare and sustaining trust between patient communities and Johnson Johnson teams, resulting in a stronger patient voice across our broad range of healthcare interventions.

There are few places in my life where I experience the diversity of backgrounds that I find at HEALTHEVOICES.

It’s a great reminder that not everyone with a chronic health issue comes from the same ethnic background, region of the country, or socio economic situation.

Each health condition comes with unique symptoms, challenges, and treatments.

When everyone chooses to embrace the diversity that we inevitably have, we create an accepting environment to tackle difficult issues.

Figures according to Janssen internal financial accounting.

For decades, Johnson Johnson has remained steadfast in our commitment to leadership in public health and health equity.

Our strategy reflects a long held belief that creating societal value goes hand in hand with generating long term business value.

We believe strongly in the power of strategic partnerships, and we are excited to collaborate to advance health equity, enhance patient care and provide even greater support to our nurses.

Also, in 2022, we joined several private sector organizations in pledging funding and support to end critical diseases and strengthen health systems as part of the Global Fund’s Seventh Replenishment Conference.

Global Fund is an international organization established to defeat HIV, TB and malaria and ensure a healthier, safer, more equitable future for all.

Our new Global Fund contribution was in the form of a partnership with the Skoll Foundation to jointly provide 25 million as an anchor investment in a fund to accelerate the professionalization of community health workers.

See also section: Frontline Healthcare Communities.

We champion health equity through initiatives that maximize value for all those we reach through our business in areas where we can have the greatest impact.

Collaborations to address cross cutting healthcare issues.

Developing new solutions to enhance access to quality mental healthcare.

Promoting initiatives to eliminate health inequities for people of color.

Our GPH organization has a mission to develop relevant innovations that save lives, cure patients and prevent disease and make them available, affordable and accessible for the world’s most vulnerable and under resourced populations.

Our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals underpin this mission and empower us to target our efforts to deliver improved health outcomes.

Johnson Johnson convenes collaborations across multiple dimensions to advance public health, whether this is to address global diseases that have a disproportionate impact or to strengthen healthcare systems.

For example, in 2022, we joined with HCA Healthcare, a leading healthcare provider in the U.S., to address key industry issues such as improving health equity, enhancing nursing support and improving patient outcomes.

Specifically, this collaboration encompasses the development of a program for early stage lung cancer detection for the Black community, initiatives to improve cardiovascular health and education, training and other resources to elevate and support nurses.

The family member of a patient of Caraes Ndera Neuropsychiatric Hospital stands outside her home in Kigali, Rwanda.

At Johnson Johnson, through our J J MedTech business segment, we are helping transform the future of medical intervention by tackling some of the world’s most pressing healthcare challenges across several surgical fields. example, we trialed the new surgical instruments at the Freedom from Fistula Hospital in Sierra Leone in collaboration with Dr. Rachel Pope, Associate Professor, Urology Institute, University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center.

Advances in surgical technology have transformed medical care for most high income countries, yet quality surgical care remains largely out of reach for people living in low income countries.

As many as 5 billion people13 do not have access to quality surgical care closing this gap is critically important to advance global health equity.

Johnson Johnson is committed to elevating the standard of care in surgery by bringing insights, scale and new technologies to meet the needs of more people in communities with limited surgical capacity around the world.

We deploy our global surgery capabilities together with our collaborators and aim to address healthcare inequities, expand patient access, improve outcomes and reduce health system costs.

Our commitment to changing the trajectory of surgical care is encompassed in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, and we have made strong progress so far.

Accelerating access to surgery: At the 75th World Health Assembly in May 2022, we launched our Global Surgery Initiative with the goal of advancing the entire continuum of surgical care from prevention to treatment to rehabilitation across two significant areas of unmet need, obstetric fistula and long bone fracture.

We announced the beginning of pilot programs in these two areas in Kenya and Malawi, working with government, academic and NGOs to strengthen surgical systems.

Combining the strengths and expertise of Johnson Johnson with global and local collaborators, we aim to accelerate access by streamlining supply chains, reducing costs and better equipping surgeons and health systems to meet the needs of the patients and communities they serve.

Improving surgical instruments for obstetric fistula repair surgery: Obstetric fistula is a serious childbirth complication that is preventable with improved practices and treatable with access to surgical care.

Johnson Johnson helps to improve care by developing and providing access to improved surgical instruments: fistula scissors, bladder sounds and suture catheter organizers.

These improvements aim to provide high quality instrumentation to increase patient comfort, maximize surgeon visibility and improve safety for both the patient and the surgeon.

We work with expert collaborators to help train surgeons and frontline health workers on the effective use of these instruments.

In 2022, we progressed to further trials of these instruments in Kenya, where more than 1,000 new cases of obstetric fistula are recorded each year.15 As part of our ongoing program, we seek feedback from surgeons to inform future innovation and help scale surgical capacity countrywide to reach even more women suffering from obstetric fistula.

Johnson Johnson was one of the first companies to partner with Dr. Catherine Hamlin at the Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital in Ethiopia, beginning in the 1980s, with the donation of sutures for fistula surgeries.

Elizabeth, a 21 year old woman from Kenya, received fistula surgery at the Gynocare Women’s and Fistula Hospital, the flagship facility of the Fistula Foundation Treatment Network in Keyna that Johnson Johnson supports with donated surgical products.

Improving access to care for long bone fracture: Left untreated, long bone fractures, a crack or break in the tibia or another long bone, can result in long term disability.

Johnson Johnson is working in Malawi to help train surgeons with novel tools and techniques and strengthen supply chains to improve sustainable access to surgical trauma care for people in need.

In 2022, supported by the Johnson Johnson Foundation, we launched our Long Bone Fracture Pilot Program in Malawi, introducing novel devices, strengthening supply chains, training district level providers to complete procedures and elevating operating room processes for a better patient and care team experience.

Our aim is to scale this initiative to other LMICs, building on our experience in Malawi.

Participants during the Orthopaedic Clinical Officers training in Dowa conduct a practice exercise on a colleague.

Collaborations to reduce the burden of obstetric fistula: Along with the Johnson Johnson Foundation, we again supported obstetric fistula procedures and donated surgical products to the Fistula Foundation Treatment Network.

Together with Direct Relief, we delivered our sutures and new instruments to nine hospitals in the Kenya Fistula Treatment Network.

Working with these improved instruments and supported by training, surgeons were able to perform safe obstetric fistula repairs for more than 1,300 women in Kenya in 2022.

In 2022, we also continued to support ongoing obstetric fistula education for surgeons through our nearly 30 year collaboration with Mercy Ships, the largest non governmental fleet of hospital ships in the world.

Our support has helped hundreds of surgeons and operating room specialists receive advanced training by collaborating to design essential skills training and provide hygiene kits and surgical products.

Progress in Reducing Burden of Obstetric Fistula In 2022, supported delivery of 5,600 obstetric fistula repair surgeries for a cumulative total of 8,800 since the beginning of 2021.

New surgical instruments piloted in Sierra Leone in.

Delivery of products, implants and instrument sets at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Malawi.

Mental illness continues to be one of the greatest unmet needs in healthcare.

In addition, protracted conflict and growing social inequities around the world threaten to further exacerbate mental healthcare hardships while challenging the availability of resources to address them.

Nowhere is this truer than for vulnerable communities in several parts of the world more than 80% of all people with mental disorders live in LMICs,17 and many receive no care at all due to a lack of treatment options, few trained mental health workers and associated stigma, among other reasons.

Over the last half century, we have developed several innovative treatments for conditions impacting the brain and central nervous system.

Building on this legacy, we have expanded access to mental healthcare through innovation, research and programs that empower frontline health workers to better manage mental illness.

Progress in Access to Schizophrenia Treatment The CASPAR study assessing the treatment of schizophrenia with paliperidone palmitate LAI in Rwandan healthcare settings achieved 100% patients screened and nearly 50% of patients moved to treatment phase.

Clinical research trainings for site investigators in.

Evaluating treatment in real world healthcare settings: In 2022, we continued our Clinical Study to Assess the Treatment of Schizophrenia With Paliperidone Palmitate in Rwandan Healthcare Settings (CASPAR), designed to assess the impact of PPLAI in patients with schizophrenia in real world healthcare settings.

By the end of 2022, 100% of patients were screened and nearly 50% of patients moved to the treatment phase.

The study also includes clinical research training for the local principal investigators at the five study sites in Rwanda, as well as site visits from the Johnson Johnson research team.

CASPAR represents an important step forward in generating evidence that could inform adoption of PPLAI as a treatment option for schizophrenia.

The CASPAR study team, representing Johnson Johnson, tours the laboratories at the University Teaching Hospital of Butare, one of the participating sites in the CASPAR Study.

According to the World Health Organization, sight is the most dominant of the five senses and plays a crucial role in every facet of our lives.

But unmet needs in eye health continue to affect people the world over and especially the most vulnerable and under resourced populations.

Worldwide, more than 2.2 billion people are visually impaired, and more than 1 billion are forced to live with preventable or treatable conditions because they cannot get the care they need.19 At Johnson Johnson Vision, part of J J MedTech, we have a bold ambition to change the trajectory of eye health worldwide.

We deliver innovation that enables eye care professionals to create better outcomes for patients throughout their lives, and we collaborate to expand access to quality eye care in communities with the greatest need.

Very few things are as important as the ability to see the world around us, and we know that healthy sight is a lifelong journey.

That’s why, at Johnson Johnson Vision, we are working to meet patient needs throughout their lives and in the areas where we can have the greatest impact.

From delivering innovation to treat childhood myopia to leveraging our cutting edge science to bring forward the best solutions in eye care and surgery.

What we do at every stage aims to help support eye care professionals worldwide and enable millions of patients to see better.

Improving vision in a digital world: With adults spending 35% more time on digital devices in a post pandemic world 13 or more hours per day according to estimates20 the strain on eye health is noticeable.

With eyes locked on a screen for long periods, people blink less this has a destabilizing effect on the tear film, causing dryness and discomfort.

Following feedback from eye care professionals and patients we’ve worked to help meet the needs of digitally intensive lifestyles through increased education and the launch of a new contact lens ACUVUE OASYS MAX 1 DAY to help reduce light scatter and block UVA and UVB rays.

Seeing better in low light conditions: Presbyopia, in simple terms, is an age related condition that reduces the ability of near vision, projected to affect 2.1 billion people globally in 2030.22 To provide relief for the many people whose quality of life is reduced by presbyopia, Johnson Johnson Vision introduced our next generation presbyopia correcting intraocular lens (PC IOL) TECNIS SYMFONY OPTIBLUE IOL in the U.S. and select countries in EMEA in 2022.

Using this high performance technology, eye care professionals can offer patients a full range of high quality continuous vision in all lighting conditions.

Advancing eye health digital innovation in Asia Pacific: In 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A STAR) to jointly establish an Eye Health Digital Innovation Consortium in Singapore.

Hosted at A STAR’s Institute of High Performance Computing, the consortium focuses on advancing eye health research in the Asia Pacific region.

A joint investment of SGD 15 million from both organizations will be channeled into the consortium over the course of three years.

There is a high prevalence of eye disorders among Singapore’s population, and this is a cause for concern.

Open innovation and public private partnerships will pave the way for us to leverage strengths from different parties and develop solutions to address this complex healthcare challenge.

Slowing myopia progression in children: Myopia, sometimes called nearsightedness, is a chronic and progressive disease that can lead to sight threatening complications over time.

Children under 12 who are diagnosed with myopia are at a greater risk of developing high myopia in later life.

Among the first in the industry to recognize the importance of myopia management, following decades of research to develop scientifically proven solutions, Johnson Johnson Vision launched ACUVUE ABILITI to address the prevalence and progression of myopia in children.

ABILITI is designed to fit seamlessly into the lifestyle of parents and children.

In 2022, we launched ABILITI 1 DAY and ABILITI OVERNIGHT in Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore.

We also received FDA approval of lens parameter expansion for ABILITI OVERNIGHT to extend the reach for patients in the U.S. With these developments, more patients in more parts of the world can now enjoy better vision throughout their lifetimes.

Bringing critical eye care to children: Sight for Kids (SFK) was founded in 2002 by Johnson Johnson Vision and Lions Clubs International Foundation and has administered free, volunteer directed vision screenings to more than 42 million children in five countries, including India, Kenya, the Philippines, Thailand and the U.S. Today, as SFK celebrates 20 years of bringing critical eye care to children in under resourced communities, it is the largest known program of its kind in the world.

In 2022, in the U.S., SFK expanded beyond the South Florida region to a second location by teaming up with the Louisiana Lions Eye Foundation to provide free statewide eye care to Louisiana’s youth.

A vision screening event and tours of the mobile screening unit marked this new activity.

Two students in Nairobi, Kenya are on a path to a brighter future thanks to vision screenings by Sight for Kids.

Healthy sight is critical to a child’s academic performance, self esteem and overall well being.

By helping their vision through Sight For Kids, we can make a meaningful impact now that will carry into the future, from their studies to their career.

Prioritizing eyes in South America: Johnson Johnson Vision led a meaningful campaign in 2022 to advance access to eye care for people living in remote areas of several countries, including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico.

We led awareness campaigns using different media channels to raise awareness and worked closely with nonprofits throughout the region to encourage people to show up for eye tests and receive any necessary treatment.

Celebrating World Sight Day 2022: Johnson Johnson Vision selected World Sight Day to share its Vision for Good 2021 Impact Review, with additional examples of how we are helping change the trajectory of eye health while operating in an environmentally sustainable manner.

Learn more about social responsibility at Johnson Johnson Vision.

At the heart of Johnson Johnson’s commitment to health equity is our desire to create a world where the color of your skin does not determine your access to care, quality of care or health outcomes.

Launched in 2020, Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) is our 100 million, enterprise wide initiative focused on closing the racial health gap in the U.S.

The Johnson Johnson ORTHE initiative focuses on eradicating racial and social injustice as a public health threat by eliminating health inequities for people of color in the U.S. We are committed to closing the racial health gap by investing in culturally competent community care models that create healthy outcomes for people of color.

Community Health Capacity Building Expanding access to affordable, community centric care through investments in community health centers, community health workers and other care model innovations.

Community Engagement and Education Empowering patients and end users with tools, resources and community based services to own their health and increase health literacy.

Inclusive Research and Representative Clinical Trials Increasing access to clinical trials through diverse site selection and patient recruitment, as well as incorporating equity into end to end therapy and device design.

Culturally Competent Care Increasing the racial and ethnic diversity of the healthcare talent pipeline and workforce and promoting an equitable point of care experience for BIPOC patients.

Three programs helped to expand access to affordable, community centric care.

Community health workers in Alabama, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee benefited from a health worker network collaborative grant that we contributed to establishing alongside management skills training of executive directors and leaders of community based healthcare organizations.

Working in partnership with many organizations, we aim to help build trust between under resourced communities and health systems, backed by our commitment to supporting 200,000 HCPs and researchers by 2025.

By the end of 2022, 307,000 U.S. HCPs and researchers were provided development and support to help create more equitable healthcare systems.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson awarded the winners of its Health Equity Innovation Challenge, designed to empower communities and accelerate solutions by stimulating innovation, entrepreneurship and social impact.

The Challenge called on local entrepreneurs in Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, New Orleans, New York and Philadelphia to deliver locally inspired, innovative approaches to advance health equity.

Engaging credible community leaders who understood local health challenges, the independent selection committee chose 14 winners from more than 180 applicants.

The winners included community organizations that provide services, including free healthcare to under resourced neighborhoods improving birth and maternal health outcomes for Black families and providing youth, educators and communities with programs designed to support mental wellness and equity.

Each winner was awarded seed funding from a pool of more than 1 million, along with mentorship from renowned entrepreneurs and public health experts and access to the JLABS ecosystem.

Following the Challenge, many of these organizations have continued to positively impact their communities and are actively expanding.

Three innovative programs continued under the ORTHE umbrella, helping people be more informed about options to prioritize healthcare and treatment.

My Health Can’t Wait is an educational effort and resource hub created by J J MedTech to inspire people to get the information they need to pursue care with confidence, especially after the experience of the COVID 19 pandemic that caused many Americans to delay healthcare treatment.

We also launched a new initiative to support climate resilience at community healthcare clinics in the U.S. that serve people with limited access to care in communities most vulnerable to the impacts of climate change.

Through a collaboration with Americares and Harvard T.H.

Chan School of Public Health’s Center for Climate, Health, and the Global Environment (Harvard Chan C CHANGE), we aim to bolster operational resilience in clinics, as well as the resilience of healthcare workers, to help inimize disruptions in healthcare caused by extreme weather events.

The goal is to support 100 medical clinics across the U.S. by 2025.

Through J J MedTech’s Signature Equity Program, we are identifying communities across the U.S. where we can help deliver the most impact, forming partnerships with community based organizations and offering Johnson Johnson resources and expertise to help meet community healthcare needs.

In 2022, J J MedTech and Janssen helped provide free health education and access to health screenings to thousands of community members at events in Atlanta Chicago Columbia, South Carolina and Los Angeles, and the plan is to expand to other populations around the world in 2023.

Save Legs, Change Lives is a multiyear initiative by Janssen to address the hidden threat of peripheral artery disease (PAD) related amputation.

Black Americans with PAD have up to four times higher risk of amputation than white Americans.26 Janssen collaborated with leading professional associations, including the American College of Cardiology, as well as healthcare systems and community organizations to raise awareness of PAD related issues and facilitate equitable access to treatment.

Through 2022, Janssen continued to share PAD information widely, implemented thousands of free screenings and advanced research to help overcome PAD related health inequities.

Johnson Johnson Vision was the first major eye health company to sign The 13% Promise, an initiative created by nonprofit Black EyeCare Perspective to increase equity and representation in optometry to mirror the 13% of Black people in the U.S. population.

In line with our goal to promote better care for people of color by addressing unconscious bias in healthcare, we co launched a cross sector partnership initiative, Unconscious Bias and Disparities in Healthcare: A Call to Action, with a Continuing Medical Education program at its core.

The program targets HCPs in communities of color and assists them to enact changes in their daily practice to improve patient care and outcomes.

Additionally, we maintained our sponsorship of the Alliance for Inclusion in Medicine Scholarship Program, a scholarship and mentorship commitment launched in 2021 with National Medical Fellowships (NMF) and the Alliance for Inclusion in Medicine (AIM).

Between 2021 and 2022, we welcomed two cohorts of underrepresented medical students 40 in total to the program and have committed over 2 million in scholarship funding across both cohorts.

With support from Johnson Johnson, NMF welcomed an inaugural cohort of 20 underrepresented medical students and selected a second cohort of second and third year medical school scholars.

AIM scholars were paired with a Johnson Johnson mentor to provide guidance and insight as these young scholars embark on their medical career journey.

Additionally, in 2022, we expanded our pioneering Climate and Health Equity Fellowship, which was created with the Medical Society Consortium on Climate and Health and the National Medical Association to support physicians of color to become leaders in climate and health equity education, advocacy and policy solutions.

Our increased contribution for the second class of Fellows supported 15 physicians from across the U.S., representing diverse specialties, advocacy experiences, cultural backgrounds and interests in climate and health, enhancing their leadership capabilities as medical professionals in caring for patients and for our planet.

We advance multiple initiatives to enhance the diversity of healthcare across several dimensions that include Johnson Johnson R D and outreach to community representatives and advocates.

One example is Research Includes Me, an initiative of Janssen that is a community focused campaign designed to create awareness and engagement within Black and Brown communities to elevate the discussion around clinical trials.

The campaign helps build trust based relationships with communities to provide clinical trial information and hosts an educational website to provide underrepresented patients with greater access to information and resources about clinical trial research.

In line with our commitment to advancing public health, we invest extensively in raising the quality of health and well being in the communities in which we live and work.

Johnson Johnson’s Global Community Impact (GCI) organization with funding from Johnson Johnson Foundation, the Corporation and operating companies across the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies drives our community giving initiatives around the world.

Aligned with our ESG strategy, and our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, as well as driving our ORTHE initiative, GCI specifically advances initiatives at the front line of healthcare with an ambitious public goal.

Progress in Supporting Frontline Health Workers (by 2030) Reached more than 570,000 nurses, midwives and community health workers in 2022, supporting over 1,300,000 frontline health workers in cumulative total.

We believe that if we solve the challenges facing frontline health workers, we will improve healthcare for everyone.

The Johnson Johnson Center for Health Worker Innovation ( the Center ), established in 2019, is tasked with guiding our 250 million commitment to support frontline health workers, with a goal of supporting one million nurses, midwives and community health workers by 2030.

Although we exceeded our one million goal in 2022, well in advance of our plan, we continue the work of the Center to provide critically needed support for community health workers.

Supporting community health workers across Africa: A professionalized workforce of community health workers, who engage daily with communities, is key to responding to disease outbreaks and making gains on longstanding global health priorities, including universal health coverage.

The Africa Frontline First Catalytic Fund (AFF CF) was launched in 2022 to support community health workers in 10 African countries with a 15 million commitment by the Johnson Johnson Foundation and a 10 million commitment by the Skoll Foundation.

These investments will be matched by The Global Fund to fight AIDS, TB and malaria.

The AFF CF will help accelerate progress and improve healthcare delivered at the community level, as well as ensure the women, who make up the large proportion of community health workers, are properly paid for their work.

The Fund aims to triple the number of salaried community health workers in sub Saharan Africa, expanding coverage to 100 million people by 2030.

By training, empowering and integrating community health workers into existing health systems, it’s possible to extend care and reduce the burden of disease for millions of people.

Our investment in the African Frontline First Catalytic Fund builds on more than 125 years of supporting health workers, especially in resource limited settings.

Strengthening community based health systems: The Center helped establish a Community Health Worker Think Tank, led by South Africa’s National Department of Health, to address critical gaps facing community health worker policy implementation and community level service delivery.

In Nigeria, the Center collaborated widely internally and externally to help create a roadmap of partnership opportunities to strengthen the nursing and midwifery workforce in Nigeria with an emphasis on mental health, oncology, and maternal and newborn health.

Also, the Center launched Basecamp for Health System Transformation with the School of System Change, a pilot program to nurture system change practitioners to build community health system capacity across Europe and sub Saharan Africa.

Harnessing the power of data: To support frontline health workers in making trusted, data driven decisions, the Center supported several thousand hours of pro bono data science services in sub Saharan Africa and leveraged data sets of millions of health encounters generated by more than 4,000 community health workers to improve data quality and inform best practices.

The Center is collaborating with DataKind and community based organizations to champion data collection practices that will enable health systems stakeholders to make healthcare delivery decisions backed by trusted data.

Helping health workers manage stress: To support health workers in managing stress, exacerbated during the COVID 19 pandemic, The Resilience Collaborative, the Center’s global learning community launched in 2021, grew to more than 600 members in 2022.

Open source resources, now including Spanish, Portuguese and Hindi translations, are being accessed by more than 300 organizations in 38 countries and assisting in raising awareness about ways to implement and evaluate evidence based programs for improved health worker resilience and well being.

Supporting supply chain training for health workers in Africa: Johnson Johnson provided funding to Empower School of Health to develop a free, online supply chain training curriculum that aims to help frontline health workers understand their role in the supply chain and delivery of essential medicines and treatments.

Empower School of Health delivered this training with the East, Central and Southern African College of Nursing and the Ecumenical Pharmaceutical Network.

After a successful pilot in Botswana and Kenya in 2022, the curriculum is currently being rolled out in three additional countries in 2023: Nigeria, Rwanda and South Africa.

Enhancing HCP education around the world: J J MedTech partnered with Advances in Surgery and other industry associations to provide more than 1 million HCPs with online webinars across a range of topics and specialties.

For example, a DEI series of 12 webinars was dedicated to discussing workplace challenges and best practices, and a Resilient Resident Series of 14 webinars targeted leading surgeons in their early career.

Overall, the suite of webinar series attracted more HCPs in 147 countries across more than 70 events.

Ethicon reignited its partnership with the Society of Black Academic Surgeons by expanding the Diverse Surgeons Initiative (DSI), a program focused on equipping promising minority surgical residents for fellowship attainment and faculty appointment.

The DSI supported clinical and technical training and mentorship for 14 surgical residents and will continue into 2023 to help them realize their potential as future surgical fellows and faculty leaders.

Of DSI participants from prior cohorts, 87% completed subspecialty fellowships and 41% obtained faculty positions following the next five years of their careers.

Wilson M. Aloubia, M.D., MSc., and LaDonna Kearse, M.D., practice their laparoscopic skills in a surgical training lab during Diverse Surgeon Initiative 2.0.

Johnson Johnson has proudly championed the nursing profession for more than a century.

With innovative mindsets, invaluable insights and hands on experience, nurses make healthcare systems work: When we work together to support nurses, we are advancing better healthcare for all.

Our goal is to work with like minded partners to attract and strengthen a thriving, innovative and diverse nursing workforce, empowered to advance health equity and transform healthcare.

We support and empower nurses through advocacy, scholarships, clinical and leadership education, events that teach and hone healthcare innovation skill sets, mental health resources and more.

Our work includes advocating for the fundamental value of the nursing profession, catalyzing a workplace culture and environment where nurses can thrive and strengthening diversity in nursing.

We bring greater awareness to the extraordinary impact that nurses have in healthcare through key activities and programs, including TV and social media advertising, storytelling on our See You Now podcast and through Notes on Nursing.

We are working to spark interest in the profession among diverse, prospective nursing students through a new series called The Future of Nursing is Me.

We also support events like NurseHack4Health that support nurse led innovation in healthcare.

Working in collaboration with SONSIEL and Microsoft, we launched our first Pitch A Thon to elevate and foster nurse led ideas for redesigning a healthy work environment where the workforce can thrive.

Nearly 40 nurse led, interdisciplinary health systems applied to the Pitch A Thon, and 10 were selected as finalists.

Representing the transformative power of nurse led innovation, three teams were awarded 260,000 in grant funding to bring their solutions to life.

Johnson Johnson Impact Ventures (JJIV) is a 50 million impact fund within the Johnson Johnson Foundation that invests in healthcare companies and entrepreneurs with innovative business models to improve health equity and access to affordable and quality care for under resourced patients around the world.

Financial returns from portfolio companies are reinvested, enabling further expansion of the fund’s impact.

JJIV also leverages Johnson Johnson’s network of experience and expertise in healthcare to provide resources, support and guidance to its portfolio companies.

Working with the JJIV team has allowed us to improve our thoughtfulness of how we create a business where impact outcomes are inextricably linked the bigger we are as a business, the more impact we achieve.

Progress was made in 2022, with new investments and approximately half of the 50 million fund having now been committed to companies across five continents.

Since joining the portfolio, these companies have reached 2.8 million patients directly and supported more than 61,000 HCPs.

Supporting the field: Fueled by the belief in the potential of market based solutions to address health equity issues, JJIV provided funding to early stage health impact entrepreneurs to develop their ideas through various external partnerships and programs.

JJIV also provided funding for Rock Health’s Equitable Investments Initiative to further research and publish a call to action report for greater investment in underrepresented entrepreneurs in the U.S. Additionally, JJIV helped fund the development of IRIS , an investment tool from the Global Impact Investing Network to assist investors to identify and support enterprises combating racial health disparities.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, Johnson Johnson is an essential part of the fabric of society in communities around the globe.

We care deeply about the well being of our communities, and we use our reach and share our resources with communities around the world, through collaborations and partnerships, to forge a healthier, more equitable future for all.

This chart includes Enterprise giving, including disaster relief, and the value of products donated by Janssen to JJPAF. The significant increase in our giving was attributed to product donations to JJPAF.

Foundation: The Johnson Johnson Foundation is a registered charitable organization that is funded solely by the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies.

The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

These independent entities support region specific and global partnerships and initiatives, employee volunteering and disaster response activities.

Specific initiatives supported by the Foundation mentioned in this Report include the Center for Health Worker Innovation and Johnson Johnson Impact Ventures.

Enterprise: Across Johnson Johnson, both at the Enterprise level and through our operating companies in more than 60 countries of the world, we donate funds and products to regional or local causes aligned with Our Credo, Our Purpose and specific needs in local communities, including disaster relief.

These donations are at the discretion of local Johnson Johnson leaders and globally amount to hundreds of millions of dollars each year.

Patient Assistance: In the U.S., we support independent initiatives by donating medicines and funding to the Johnson Johnson Patient Assistance Foundation, Inc. (JJPAF), an independent nonprofit that helps eligible patients without insurance coverage receive prescription products donated by Johnson Johnson operating companies.

We continue to work with trusted partners, including Americares, Heart to Heart International, the Catholic Medical Mission Board, MAP International, MedShare and International Health Partners, on the front lines of care by coordinating product donations and supporting programs that help communities recover, rebuild and become resilient.

In the immediate aftermath of major disasters, we provide essential Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health products, as well as monetary donations and other support.

In 2022, building on a 15 year collaboration, Johnson Johnson and International Health Partners (IHP) debuted a shared global donation platform that harnesses best practices and scale to help communities in crisis recover, rebuild and regain resilience after disasters.

By offering increased visibility and alignment, as well as a streamlined, automated approvals system, this innovative technology is improving the speed of product donations across geographies.

War in Ukraine: We contributed more than 32 million overall to relief efforts, including cash and product donations in compliance with current international sanctions.

Our donations included both humanitarian support for refugees with a combined 10 million to the International Rescue Committee and International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, as well as products valued at more than 22 million, including medical devices, essential medicines and consumer health products such as first aid and feminine hygiene products.

Ian: We partnered with Americares and Gulf Coast Community Foundation to address immediate needs and restore health services in areas affected by Hurricane Ian in central Florida and Hurricane Fiona in Puerto Rico.

Heart to Heart International’s disaster response team provided free healthcare services in 2022.

Volcano in Tonga: We worked with UNICEF to address the needs of children and caregivers, following the eruption of the underwater volcano Hunga Tonga Hunga Ha’apai, which blanketed the majority of Tonga with volcanic ash, affecting nearly 80% of Tonga’s population and displacing more than 1,525 people, including more than 500 children.

Flooding in Kentucky: We joined with Americares in the aftermath of the devastating flooding that struck southeastern Kentucky to help restore health services at three clinics and support people displaced from their homes.

Earthquake in Indonesia: Following the earthquake that struck West Java, Indonesia, displacing more than 100,000 people, we provided, together with Project Hope, 10 community managed latrines with water tanks in two villages offering access to clean water and sanitation facilities.

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3 urges us all to work toward ensuring healthy lives and promoting well being for all ages, with a specific target to end epidemics, including HIV, tuberculosis and neglected tropical diseases by 2030.

Vaccine protection against, and treatments for, pandemic and epidemic diseases are critical to achieving this goal worldwide.

Providing access to and progressing the development of effective treatments and vaccines to combat some of the world’s deadliest diseases has long been a global public health priority for Johnson Johnson and an important part of our global health equity strategy.

We have amassed more than a century of experience in advancing novel treatment regimens and vaccines and facilitating access to address multiple diseases, including HIV, TB, COVID 19, Ebola and dengue, as well as addressing the growing threat of AMR.

For all of us at Johnson Johnson, Our Credo inspires us to be responsible to the communities in which we live and work and to the world community as well.

This is a core tenet of our approach to global health security, as we aim to stop the spread of life threatening diseases that have the potential to wipe out entire communities if left unchecked.

We have never been more determined to advance our plans to safeguard people against the threat of pandemics and epidemics.

Our approach envisions creating a robust health ecosystem to advance the availability and affordability of needed medicines and vaccines and facilitating access for all, including the world’s most vulnerable populations.

Efficacious management of vaccine administration, especially to combat urgent outbreaks of disease such as Ebola, can have a transformational impact on public health.

Expanding the use of our vaccination monitoring platform (VXNAID), one of our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, is a crucial step in advancing large scale immunization to protect people and save lives around the world.

We developed VXNAID, a vaccine agnostic digital platform that supports adherent vaccine administration in the framework of clinical studies or campaigns.

VXNAID is a digital tool that integrates innovative technologies to improve patient tracing, data management and communication to implement impactful vaccination campaigns in resource limited settings.

Between 2019 and 2021, the platform was deployed in a large scale Ebola vaccination campaign called UMURINZI in collaboration with the Government of Rwanda.

UMURINZI was the first large use case of the platform and fully vaccinated more than 203,000 Rwandans against Ebola with the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen, comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA BN Filo).

In 2022, VXNAID was optimized based on the UMURINZI campaign and the second generation platform shared as an open source code, enabling global and open access to the platform for any vaccination program.

In 2022, VXNAID was granted Digital Public Good designation by the Digital Public Goods Alliance and has been added to the Digital Public Goods registry.

Progress in Global Access Plans Continued evaluation and development of access plans for relevant pipeline assets, including for dengue.

Specific internal milestones set for 2022 progress were achieved.

Progress in Preventive Viral Vaccine Capabilities Demonstrated supply capabilities and access pathways for the Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine, including shipping 268 million COVID 19 vaccines in 2022.

Captured processes internally for future documentation in playbook.

Internal and external pandemic preparedness activities continue across several potential threats.

Progress in Vaccination Monitoring Platform Platform implemented in 2021 in the WHO Solidarity Trial Vaccines for COVID 19 vaccines and continued in 2022, including expansion to new countries.

Achieved external endorsement with the designation as a Digital Public Good (DPG) by the Digital Public Goods Alliance and addition to the Digital Public Goods registry.

Optimized platform and shared as an open source code, enabling global open access to the platform for any vaccination program.

Completed registered trademark filing of the platform name: VXNAID.

In 2021, VXNAID was adopted by the WHO for use in its Solidarity Trial Vaccines (STV), an international, multi vaccine clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of COVID 19 vaccines.

The use of the platform in the STV program was acknowledged by the WHO in a public statement.27 In 2022, VXNAID was further deployed in the STV program and expanded to other countries.

VXNAID has been shared as an open source code, enabling global and open access for any vaccination program.

Johnson Johnson is committed to addressing the dual gap in innovation and health equity through the establishment of the J J Centers for Global Health Discovery.

In joining forces with academic institutions, leveraging regional networks and growing in scope, the Centers provide long term opportunities to support talent in the discovery sciences and hopefully speed up the discovery of novel mechanisms to tackle expanding and emerging challenges in global health.

It is critical that we invest in locally led innovation to advance breakthrough science globally.

The J J Centers for Global Health Discovery are the latest chapter in our efforts to advance solutions for growing health threats in the areas where the research is needed most.

South Africa: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) Centre, University of Cape Town, focuses on outpacing the rising threat of AMR.

Singapore: The Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at Duke NUS in Singapore focuses on catalyzing investment and bolstering discovery of flaviviruses.

Dr. Anil Koul and Amarnath Sharma at the launch of the J J Satellite Center for Global Disease Discovery at the Duke NUS Campus in Singapore.

Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers.

In 2022, our BLUE KNIGHT collaboration made further progress with portfolio companies having raised 160 million in secured and contingent funding by the end of the year.

The BLUE KNIGHT joint initiative was created between JLABS and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

It is dedicated to anticipating potential health security threats with the aim of developing effective responses in our rapidly evolving global health environment.

BLUE KNIGHT offers physical residency at select JLABS locations, as well as a virtual engagement option, and portfolio companies are eligible to receive access to JLABS resources and programming, along with dedicated mentorship from Johnson Johnson and BARDA.

BLUE KNIGHT expanded its portfolio of companies to include 27 companies by the end of 2022, of which 36% are female led, 36% are minority led and 68% are first time entrepreneurs.

Collaboration across healthcare sectors and the larger life science ecosystem can be critical to forging a safer, healthier future.

The innovation of today can impact our approach to potential solutions of the future.

Held our second BLUE KNIGHT Symposium, bringing people together virtually and in person at the newly opened JLABS Washington, DC, our BLUE KNIGHT hub.

The Symposium facilitated a global conversation with innovators, investors, partners and thought leaders to discover and accelerate next generation solutions for future pandemics, emerging infectious diseases and other known and unknown health threats.

More than 1,800 people from 50 countries registered for the event.

Melinda Richter, Global Head of JLABS and Gary Disbrow, BARDA Director, join the 2022 BLUE KNIGHT Symposium.

Launched our first BLUE KNIGHT QuickFire Challenge, inviting innovators from across the globe to submit potentially groundbreaking ideas or technologies that aim to enhance preparedness toward future known and unknown infectious disease threats.

Four awardees were selected to take their potential health security solutions to the next level.

Enhanced the reach and influence of the BLUE KNIGHT community through participation in several events and congresses, including the Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense meeting, Banding Together: Partnerships for Biodefense.

The meeting examined ways to incentivize and manage partnerships between the federal government and industry, academia and NGOs to drive technology innovation and improve biological intelligence for current and future threats.

Three BLUE KNIGHT companies presented their next generation preparedness solutions at the meeting, the first time that early stage companies were invited to speak to the Commission, showcasing the power of public private partnerships to accelerate scientific and technological advancements.

Being selected as a BLUE KNIGHT company generated an immediate increase in scientific credibility, exposure to potential partners and investors and this would have taken us much longer to do on our own as a small company.

Acting with urgency at the onset of COVID 19, Johnson Johnson galvanized resources to help halt the pandemic through developing an easy to deploy vaccine, obtaining regulatory authorizations, building supply chain capabilities and engaging with partners around the world to support health systems and healthcare providers involved in combating COVID 19.

From the beginning, we identified new and impactful ways to optimize clinical trials, reach diverse communities and ensure appropriate representation from all populations in our research.

In 2021 and 2022, the Johnson Johnson COVID 19 vaccine received multiple regulatory authorizations, emergency use waivers and import permits in many countries worldwide, including 50 countries in Africa.

Johnson Johnson delivered more than 268 million COVID 19 vaccines in 2022, with more than 85% launch to date shipped to LMICs.

For more information related to our COVID 19 vaccine, see our 2022 Annual Report.

At Johnson Johnson, we have been committed to fighting HIV for decades.

Together, we are helping to advance science, enable access and collaborate to improve lives around the world in a determined effort to make HIV history.

Though there have been significant advances in prevention since the beginning of the global epidemic, 1.5 million people acquired HIV in 2021 alone,28 underscoring the high unmet need for new options.

That’s why we must continue to drive out inequalities in access to HIV treatment while making HIV treatment easier, more effective and more available for everyone.

We remain focused on helping transform HIV from a terminal illness into a manageable condition, enabling those affected by the virus to enjoy productive lives.

Our best science, the passion and dedication of our scientists and our extensive collaborations have enabled us to again make significant progress in 2022.

New and expanded U.S. regulatory approvals for HIV treatment: Our fruitful collaboration with ViiV Healthcare has helped to deliver a new and meaningful treatment option, with the world’s first, complete long acting injectable (LAI) HIV treatment regimen.

The LAI regimen includes two ARV drugs, one developed by Janssen (rilpivirine) and the other by ViiV Healthcare (cabotegravir).

This regimen is also known as CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) in the U.S.

Both the once monthly and the every two months versions of this HIV LAI treatment regimen for adults have been approved by health authorities in Europe, Switzerland and Canada.

Additionally, the once monthly version has been approved by the health authority in Australia.

In 2022, the FDA approved a label update for the product, giving HCPs and people living with HIV in the U.S. the option to start this once monthly or every two month injectable treatment without the need for the oral lead in phase.

Additionally, in 2022, the FDA approved CABENUVA (cabotegravir and rilpivirine) for adolescents who are 12 years of age or older as the first and only LAI HIV regimen to be made available for eligible adolescents, reducing the daily pill burden through a treatment offered as few as six days per year.

Regulatory approvals and studies in resource limited settings: In 2022, the HIV LAI regimen was approved by the Botswana Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first approval of our co developed HIV LAI regimen in a resource limited country.

We continue to seek regulatory approvals in additional RLS, including regulatory submissions in South Africa in 2021 and Thailand in 2022.

This longer acting treatment regimen could be potentially game changing for young people with HIV, particularly since it’s not pill based.

Progress in Access to HIV Treatment Registration approval was received from the Botswana Medicines Regulatory Authority, marking the first RLS approval of the co developed HIV LAI regimen (Janssen’s rilpivirine LA with ViiV Healthcare’s cabotegravir LA).

Clinical studies are ongoing to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and adolescents across multiple countries in sub Saharan Africa.

We are also conducting and or supporting four key additional clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy (randomized controlled trials), as well as the feasibility and acceptability (implementation research), of the HIV LAI regimen in adults and adolescents across four sub Saharan African countries: Kenya, South Africa, Uganda and Zimbabwe.

Cabotegravir And Rilpivirine Efficacy and Safety Study (CARES study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adults.

Long Acting Treatment in Adolescents (LATA study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adolescents.

Acceptability and Feasibility of Long acting Injectable ART in Adolescents (AFINAty study) in HIV 1 infected virologically suppressed adolescents and.

Improving HIV 1 Control in Africa With Long Acting Antiretrovirals (IMPALA study) in HIV 1 infected adults with a history of suboptimal adherence. participants.

Combating pediatric HIV: In addition to the FDA approval of the HIV LAI regimen for adolescents, our work to expand improved solutions for children living with HIV is ongoing.

A combination tablet, containing our product PREZISTA (darunavir) in a fixed dose combination with ritonavir 50mg, received WHO Prequalification in 2022 and is helping meet treatment needs as a second line treatment for adults and children.

Johnson Johnson has had a specific policy since 2012 not to enforce the patents it owns and controls on PREZISTA (darunavir) in sub Saharan Africa and Least Developed Countries.

In 2015, we expanded the geographical scope of the policy for pediatric products used in LMICs.

Johnson Johnson is a co founder of the New Horizons Collaborative, which aims to improve treatment and care for children and young adults with HIV in 11 countries across the region through drug donation and capacity building.

In 2021, Johnson Johnson, in collaboration with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation,31 renewed our commitment to the initiative, pledging to extend our darunavir donation program and continue enrolling new pediatric and young adult HIV patients through at least 2025.

This is also an important step toward meeting our commitments to help tackle the challenge of pediatric HIV as part of the Rome 5 Paediatric HIV and TB Action Plan.

In 2022, more than 1,700 children were enrolled in this treatment program in sub Saharan African countries.

HIV prevention for women and girls: The dapivirine vaginal ring, recommended in 2021 by the WHO as an additional prevention choice for women as part of a combination of prevention approaches, received approval in 2022 from the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority for use by women aged 18 and older to help reduce their risk of contracting HIV. Several approvals in Africa have been received, and there are additional applications currently pending.

Learning from HIV vaccine trials: In January 2023, together with a consortium of global partners, we discontinued Mosaico, our large scale efficacy study in the Americas and Europe, that aimed to test the safety and efficacy of a specific composition of an investigational HIV vaccine regimen among men who have sex with men and transgender individuals.

The study’s independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board determined that the regimen was not effective in preventing HIV infection compared to placebo among study participants.

A mother and daughter wait to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, Uganda.

The dapivirine ring is a long acting HIV prevention method designed specifically for women.

It was developed by the International Partnership for Microbicides under an exclusive license from Janssen for use of its ARV compound and is now owned by Population Council.

The flexible, silicone ring is discreet, easy to use, has minimal side effects and only needs to be replaced monthly.

Johnson Johnson was a founding member of the MenStar Coalition, which has helped more than 3 million men living with HIV in sub Saharan Africa get into treatment, with 95% becoming virally suppressed.

While we are disappointed with the study outcome, it serves to underscore the unique challenges that have faced the global scientific community in the over 40 year search for an HIV vaccine, and we are hopeful that learning from Mosaico may provide important data in the ongoing fight against HIV. We remain committed to seeking innovative solutions for HIV.

Learn more about our progress in helping make HIV history.

A child waits to be tested at an HIV clinic in Kihihi, Uganda.

The Foundation is a separate legal entity from the Johnson Johnson Family of Companies.

The Foundation operates worldwide as Johnson Johnson Foundation United States (founded 1953) and Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland (founded 2007).

The challenge to end tuberculosis (TB) remains a priority for healthcare, especially in resource limited settings.

At Johnson Johnson, we continue to meet this challenge, both in the lab and at the last mile of health, driven by our 10 year TB initiative and two decades of experience in the fight against TB.

Globally, the estimated number of deaths from TB increased between 2019 and 2021, reversing years of decline between 2005 and 2019.

Rising AMR and the missing millions of undiagnosed people continue to be challenges.

In 2022, we made great strides to help reignite the global fight against TB through our collaborations, continue our commitment to our patients, reinvest in the development of new treatments and advocate on behalf of the people most affected by TB.

Without treatment, the death rate from TB is high (about 50%).

Progress in Access to Tuberculosis (TB) Treatment In 2022, 134,000 patients received access to bedaquiline potentially averting 1.2 million new MDR TB infections.

From 2021 2022, 269,000 patients received access to bedaquiline, potentially averting 2.4 million new MDR TB infections.

Progress in Developing TB Treatment Continued clinical development for a novel, collaborative asset, including dosing completed in a Phase I study.

Progress was also made with consortia groups, including.

UNITE4TB and PAN TB, using bedaquiline as a key component in several studies.

As a global healthcare company, Johnson Johnson is committed to utilizing our unique strengths, including our decades of experience in research and development and our deep understanding of insights and behavior change to help end the TB pandemic.

December 2022 marked 10 years since the accelerated approval of SIRTURO (bedaquiline) by the FDA.

When Johnson Johnson received approval for SIRTURO (bedaquiline) in 2012, it was the first TB medicine with a novel mechanism of action in more than 40 years.

Since then, bedaquiline has been recommended by the WHO as a core component of all oral treatment regimens for MDR TB and is available to countries representing 99% of the global TB burden.

A mother who is receiving treatment for TB and her three children in Gqeberha, South Africa.

Studies such as these help underscore the importance of bedaquiline in helping solve one of today’s greatest global health challenges and reinforce confidence in the effectiveness of the treatment in adults, adolescents and children.

This milestone represents a critical part of our 10 year initiative to help end TB, but our work continues.

Johnson Johnson is continuing to collaborate across sectors to enable access to our medicine for MDR TB patients around the world, with a focus on expanding access to the pediatric formulation of bedaquiline as part of the Rome 5 Action Plan and safeguarding its long term effectiveness through careful stewardship.

Beyond our medicine, we are also continuing to support global efforts to help find the missing millions of people with undiagnosed TB and advance innovative R D to develop the next generation of TB treatments.

Since 2012, bedaquiline has been registered in 72 countries, more than any other medicine specifically developed for the treatment of MDR TB, advancing availability to countries with the greatest need.

A scientist conducting TB research at Groote Schuur Research Centre, South Africa.

In 2022, new scientific data was generated to support the safety and efficacy of bedaquiline.

The STREAM Stage 2 clinical trial is the world’s largest clinical trial for MDR TB and was conducted by the Medical Research Council Clinical Trials Unit at University College London and sponsored by Vital Strategies, Inc. With nearly 600 participants enrolled, from eight countries on three continents, the trial found both bedaquiline containing regimens, a nine month oral regimen and a six month regimen with eight weeks of second line injectable, had superior efficacy compared with a nine month injectable containing regimen, with fewer cases of hearing loss.

Additionally, a study39 of more than 5,000 patients with MDR TB from 14 sites in South Africa showed that treatment with a bedaquiline containing regimen was associated with better survival and effectiveness compared to non bedaquiline containing regimens in patients with MDR TB.

In 2022, the Project to Accelerate New Treatments for Tuberculosis (PAN TB) collaboration announced the execution of a joint development agreement (JDA) supporting the progression of two investigational TB combination treatment regimens into Phase 2 clinical development.

The collaboration will evaluate whether the novel regimens, which combine registered products and new chemical entities, can effectively treat all forms of active pulmonary TB using substantially shorter treatment durations than existing drug regimens, with the goal of identifying a regimen suitable for Phase 3 development.

Recognizing that no single organization produces the full range of drugs needed to respond to TB, the PAN TB collaboration brings together philanthropic, nonprofit and private sector organizations to accelerate the development of novel, shorter drug regimens to treat all forms of TB. Alongside Johnson Johnson’s bedaquiline, four additional antimicrobial agents are to be evaluated under the new JDA.

Today, our medicine has become the backbone of WHO recommended all oral treatment regimens for nearly all DR TB patients, and this PAN TB collaboration will allow us to further explore our medicine’s potential to help transform TB treatment for patients in need while maintaining its long term effectiveness in the face of rising antimicrobial resistance.

In addition to PAN TB, our membership in several research collaborations and consortia is ongoing.

UNITE4TB: This global consortium of 30 collaborators from.

During the first year of the project, a sponsor was chosen for the first Phase 2 clinical trials innovative clinical trial designs were developed and the project shortlisted the first trial sites in Africa, Asia, Europe and South America.

ERA4TB: The ERA4TB initiative integrates more than 30 organizations from the EU and the U.S. over a six year period starting from 2020 to develop at least two or more new combination regimens with treatment shortening potential ready for Phase 2 clinical evaluation.

RESPIRI TB: An international research consortium of eight European academic and biotechnology organizations, IMI RESPIRI TB aims to develop a new, more efficient combination drug regimen to cure MDR TB, with a focus on shortening treatment duration and minimizing the likelihood of resistance.

EU PEARL: A strategic consortia between the public and private sectors to shape the future of clinical trials, developing the specific Investigational Research Platform frameworks for trials ready to operate in disease areas still facing high unmet need.

Our GPH organization jointly leads the working group on TB, and, in 2022, the group presented a new approach to designing an adaptive platform trial for TB.

On World TB Day in 2022, Johnson Johnson came together with the global community to progress a series of initiatives in high burden countries aimed at helping to empower a generation of youth to end TB. The initiatives advance global efforts to help find the missing millions of people living with undiagnosed TB and are part of Johnson Johnson’s 10 year initiative to help drive progress toward ending the disease by 2030, aligned with a target of UN SDG 3.

Through wide collaboration, our initiatives aimed to engage young people to drive health seeking behavior, build community awareness, improve active case finding and reduce stigma to enhance early diagnosis of TB, all with a goal of encouraging people with TB to seek the care and treatment they need.

China: In 2022, we celebrated the conclusion of a three year collaboration with the Chinese government on TB, as China is one of 30 high burden TB countries.

Our role was to assist the Chinese government in addressing the TB challenge across the country and build evidence to support policy suggestions and technical solutions to the National Health Commission of China to further improve diagnosis rates.

The project was carried out across a population of about 10 million in the three prefectures of Ganzhou, Linfen and Yulin and involved training healthcare providers, improving access to molecular tests for high risk populations and streamlining TB case reporting and tracking mechanisms.

Additionally, we collaborated to launch a youth volunteer and patient finding initiative in the Sichuan and Zhejiang provinces and supported public awareness campaigns focused on TB, including the I’m a Great Doctor TB special on Beijing TV.

We are proud to work with our key partners in China to drive impact against TB. Based on the successful outcome of the program, we will extend the key elements and integrated models achieved in the project to more places to continue to help enable a TB free China.

India: In collaboration with the National TB Elimination.

Program in India, we launched a youth focused, digital first campaign called Be the Change: Badlaav ( change in Hindi).

Through social media, chatbots and more, the initiative aims to create youth changemakers for TB to encourage health seeking behavior, increase awareness about the disease and build youth engagement and participation in support of the Indian government’s vision of a TB free India.

Additionally, with sponsorship from Johnson Johnson, the MTV Staying Alive Foundation expanded on the success of MTV Nishedh, a youth focused edutainment campaign in India, by launching a new season in November 2022.

As part of this initiative, the Foundation developed a 10 episode drama series focused on the lives of young people in India and touched on TB storylines in an effort to raise awareness around the disease, reduce stigma and promote early detection of symptoms.

Southeast Asia: Johnson Johnson launched TB Warriors, an initiative in collaboration with the National TB programs of Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam to educate youth about TB in a fun and entertaining way using social media, mobile games and more.

In the Philippines, we also collaborated with the Philippine Tuberculosis Society, Inc. to launch a youth community case finding initiative, from awareness to care.

South Africa: Building on our pediatric DR TB collaboration with Aquity Innovations in South Africa, the Johnson Johnson Foundation Scotland and Aquity collaborated with EPCON to launch an initiative to improve health seeking behavior among youth and conduct a new insight study to better understand barriers to care for children and youth.

Every individual and every organization has the potential to make an impact in the fight against TB. With the power of multisector partnerships coming together in numbers and uniting under one common cause, we can help turn the tide against this devastating disease once and for all.

Our engagement with the Ending Workplace TB initiative, a multisectoral collaboration that we co launched in 2020, continued.

In 2022, the initiative grew from 24 to 48 multinational companies pledging to address TB in their workforce.

Learn more about our progress in helping to end TB.

Over the past three decades, Ebola outbreaks have become larger and more frequent.

In the last decade alone, the two deadliest outbreaks on record in West Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo further underscored the urgent need for innovation to protect communities at risk.

Ebola is a significant and growing health threat that was recently ranked by the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention among the pathogens with the highest risk trajectory and epidemic potential.

In 2022 alone, there were three outbreaks one in Uganda was caused by the rarer Sudan ebolavirus, for which there is no approved vaccine or treatment.

These outbreaks not only cause significant economic disruption, illness and loss of life, but they are particularly dangerous to healthcare workers and others working on the front lines.

At Johnson Johnson, our vision is to protect people at risk of Ebola by preventing outbreaks before they can begin.

We accelerated the development of our vaccine regimen in response to the 2014 outbreak in West Africa to help stop the spread in outbreak adjacent areas.

Today, Johnson Johnson’s two dose Ebola vaccine regimen comprising ZABDENO (Ad26.ZEBOV) and Bavarian Nordic’s MVABEA (MVA BN Filo) is indicated for active immunization of disease caused by the Ebola virus (Zaire ebolavirus species) in individuals 1 year of age.

Additionally, the WHO’s Strategic Advisory Group of Experts has recommended the proactive use of our Ebola vaccine regimen in non outbreak settings to protect those most at risk, like healthcare workers and frontline workers.

With this recommendation, countries have an additional tool to deploy in national pandemic prevention strategies and protect critical health and security infrastructure in countries living under the threat of this disease.

As of December 2022, more than 264,000 people worldwide had received a first dose of our Ebola vaccine regimen, including 242,000 who had been fully vaccinated.

In 2022, additional data on the safety and immunogenicity of our Ebola vaccine regimen was published in The New England Journal of Medicine.42 The data was generated in the Phase 2 clinical trial of the Partnership for Research on Ebola VACcinations (PREVAC), which evaluated our Ebola vaccine regimen, among others, in 2,800 participants across trial sites in Guinea, Liberia, Mali and Sierra Leone.

These results add to a growing body of scientific literature that demonstrate the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen has a favorable safety profile, is well tolerated and induces a robust immune response against the Zaire Ebola virus species in adults and children (aged 1 17 years).

Prequalification, our regimen received new regulatory Marketing Authorizations in C te d’Ivoire and Ghana in 2022 and in Rwanda, Sierra Leone and Uganda in early 2023.

These continued approvals are key to enabling access to our vaccine regimen for people and communities who live under the threat of Ebola.

We believe that through proactive use of our Ebola vaccine, the global health community can help protect vulnerable communities living under the threat of this disease.

A scientist works in the lab on formulations for Ebola treatments in Leiden, Netherlands.

In 2019, Johnson Johnson supported the government of Rwanda and other partners to advance the Unprecedented Movement to drive a Unified Rwandan Initiative for National EBOLA Immunization (UMURINZI), a large scale vaccination effort to prevent Ebola along the Rwandan border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

We shared insights from UMURINZI at a symposium at the 2nd Annual International Conference on Public Health in Africa in Rwanda.

The UMURINZI campaign vaccinated more than 203,000 people with our Ebola vaccine regimen and provides valuable experience that can be used to help prevent and respond quickly to the threat of a pandemic.

Our INGABO study, which was established as part of UMURINZI to evaluate the vaccine in healthy pregnant women, continued through 2022 with enrollment of 2,000 patients completed and 1,800 fully vaccinated by the end of the year.

This is Johnson Johnson’s first pregnancy vaccine trial.

With positive results, it would offer the only Ebola prevention option for pregnant women as part of our vision to halt the spread of Ebola.

In May 2021, the Johnson Johnson Ebola vaccine regimen was granted a temporary use authorization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to support the planned prophylactic deployment of our vaccine regimen to help prevent future outbreaks.

Johnson Johnson is collaborating with the Ministry of Health, Hygiene and Prevention of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, acting through its National Institute for Biomedical Research, to launch a new Ebola prevention program in Mbandaka and other parts of quateur province.

The program, launched in early 2023, aims to strengthen local capacity with expanded capabilities to prevent Ebola outbreaks and respond more swiftly when outbreaks occur.

Johnson Johnson is donating 45,000 Ebola vaccine regimens and working closely to support capacity development.

Learn more about our progress in preventing the spread of Ebola.

Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) are a cause of significant illness, disability and death, especially among children in some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable communities.

In 2022, we renewed our commitment to fight NTDs by joining the global community, including governments, foundations, nonprofit organizations and other pharmaceutical companies, to endorse the Kigali Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases.

Together, we are recommitting to our long established efforts to control and eliminate NTDs, a set of debilitating diseases that put at risk the health of 1.7 billion people43 around the world, especially the most vulnerable and under resourced.

Donating more than 2.2 billion doses of VERMOX (mebendazole): For more than 15 years, Johnson Johnson has been at the forefront of global efforts to beat NTDs, donating more than 2.2 billion doses of VERMOX (mebendazole) for the treatment of intestinal worms to field partners in more than 60 countries.

This was further bolstered by the development of a new chewable formulation of VERMOX (mebendazole) in 2019 that can be easily administered to children as young as 1 year of age, supporting the training of community health workers, enabling better data management and supporting the development of new diagnostics.

Through tireless and collaborative efforts, countless children in need have been given the opportunity to recover, play, learn and thrive.

Since 2006, the VERMOX (mebendazole) program donated more than 2.2 billion doses, treating up to 100 million patients annually in 61 countries.

More than 200 million doses of VERMOX Chewable were donated in 2022 alone.

We also invited scientists from across the APAC and Oceania regions to take part in our Global Health Discovery QuickFire Challenge: Flavivirus Infections.

The challenge aimed to attract potentially groundbreaking ideas to treat, control or prevent flavivirus disease.

The innovator(s) with the best potential solution receive grant funding from a total pool of up to 300,000 access to the JLABS APAC community, including a dedicated workstation for one year at JLABS Shanghai and mentorship from Johnson Johnson experts.

Preliminary data from Janssen’s Phase 2a proof of concept study show promising results for bedaquiline for the treatment of leprosy.

We shared these results at the 21st International Leprosy Congress 2022, noting that our compound bedaquiline appears to be generally well tolerated when dosed as monotherapy over a period of eight weeks in a leprosy study population consisting of multibacillary leprosy patients, the most advanced form of leprosy, followed by 12 months of a WHO recommended leprosy treatment regimen.

The preliminary data mark an important milestone in Johnson Johnson’s pledge to advance research and development programs and generate the evidence needed to explore innovative treatment options to tackle leprosy.

Centre for Drug Design and Discovery in Belgium, has developed a dengue specific antiviral compound with a novel mechanism of action that could potentially protect against and treat all dengue serotypes.

Dengue eradication or elimination is not feasible due to existing animal reservoirs and limitations of current protective measures against the multiple strains and serotypes circulating.

The toolbox to combat dengue needs to grow, and antivirals could be a vital new tool, helping to slow down outbreaks and limit epidemic levels of cases.

Upon proof of concept in a non human primate model, and following results from our first in human Phase 1 double blind study that showed the compound is safe and well tolerated, we progressed in 2022 to Phase 2a clinical studies to evaluate our antiviral compound for prevention and treatment of dengue.

One study is a human challenge study conducted in collaboration with Johns Hopkins University, University of Vermont and NIH.

The other is being conducted in collaboration with Singapore’s Duke NUS Medical School, which is also home to Johnson Johnson’s third Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery in APAC, launched in June 2022.

This Satellite Center aims to catalyze investment and bolster R D infrastructure for flaviviruses and builds on Johnson Johnson’s decade long legacy and ongoing collaboration with Duke NUS in public health research.

The establishment of the Satellite Center at Duke NUS builds upon our strong track record in flavivirus research and bench to bedside innovations and will facilitate antiviral drug discovery for the prevention and treatment of flavivirus associated diseases that are affecting communities in Southeast Asia and beyond.

Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is already a crisis, made even more concerning by the COVID 19 pandemic.

As microorganisms develop resistance to medicines that millions of people have relied upon for years, common diseases are becoming difficult or impossible to cure and the spread of infections harder to control.

Johnson Johnson is one of the top three companies leading the way in addressing the complex health challenge of AMR, as assessed by the independent Access to Medicine Foundation in its third AMR Benchmark published in 2021.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, with a purpose to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity, we care deeply about reversing the development of AMR. Rising AMR has been ranked among the most significant health threats facing the world by the WHO and, left uncontrolled, could turn routine infections and surgical procedures into life or death situations.

Invasive ExPEC Disease (IED), such as sepsis, caused by the nine most prevalent serotypes of ExPEC, in adults aged 60 years and older.

It is a multicenter event driven vaccine efficacy study featuring a group sequential design and includes over 18,500 adults aged 60 years and older with one or more additional risk factors for invasive disease.

To help counter the AMR threat, Johnson Johnson has committed to investing in and advancing critical science, as well as providing access to antibiotics and safeguarding their long term effectiveness, to meet public health needs.

As part of these efforts, Janssen is leading the pursuit for novel vaccines and therapeutics to tackle a range of drug resistant infections, including DR TB and E. coli.

Specifically, our decades of investment in helping end TB is a critical contributor to our efforts to outpace AMR.

Johnson Johnson is also a founding member of the AMR Action Fund and the AMR Industry Alliance, which are focused on creating the sustainable ecosystem of investment and innovation to tackle the AMR threat.

In 2022, the AMR Action Fund made its first investments in two companies, Adaptive Phage Therapeutics and Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, promising to deliver innovations that can change the treatment landscape for drug resistant infections and advance the AMR Action Fund’s goal of bringing two to four new antibiotics to market within a decade.

Our 100 million commitment to the Fund is helping advance toward this goal.

Advancing our ExPEC vaccine: ExPEC is one of the leading pathogens in the AMR crisis.

Antibiotics have been the backbone of modern medicine for more than a century, but increasing resistance threatens to render them ineffective.

Our innovation in new antibiotic drug discovery must outpace this rising threat of multi or extreme drug resistant pathogens.

Dedicating resources to AMR science: In 2022, we expanded our J J Centers for Global Health Discovery (J J Centers) with the launch of the Johnson Johnson Satellite Center for Global Health Discovery at the Holistic Drug Discovery and Development (H3D) Centre at the University of Cape Town in South Africa.

This Satellite Center is working to drive new solutions to address the present and rising threat of AMR with a specific focus on multidrug resistant Gram negative bacteria (MDR GNB).

Teams from Janssen and H3D will leverage their combined global, institutional and regional strengths to bolster the early stage science, innovation and talent development needed to tackle AMR.

Research at the new Satellite Center will build on Johnson Johnson’s decades of work accelerating innovation from the lab to last mile of healthcare to outpace the threat of AMR.

We must come together to advance investment in African led innovation to protect the health of our communities and the world.

It is critical that local researchers have the opportunity to investigate the challenges that impact their communities without having to leave those communities.

This collaboration will further foster the talent and provide the tools and opportunity needed to create innovative solutions in public health.

Sharing data to accelerate AMR research: In 2022, we were pleased to commit to participating in a groundbreaking data sharing initiative to increase understanding of AMR, launched by nonprofit Vivli.

The AMR Register makes it possible for biopharmaceutical companies to share susceptibility data on infection causing pathogens for the first time ever in one online platform, marking a critical step in combating the growing global health threat of AMR.

With the active participation from leading pharmaceutical and biotech enterprises, including Johnson Johnson, researchers will be able to use the AMR Register to translate masses of AMR surveillance data into meaningful action that saves lives and preserves antibiotics for future generations.

Innovation has been an essential part of the fabric of Johnson Johnson for more than 135 years.

Thanks to the incredible efforts of the tens of thousands of scientists, researchers, engineers, designers and clinicians, we have pioneered multiple breakthroughs to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

We advance innovation at Johnson Johnson across many channels, as outlined in our Position on Innovation.

With an R D investment of more than 14 billion in the past year, we are walking the talk.

This investment has a dual benefit: patients globally gain access to the most advanced treatments and Johnson Johnson continues to have a leading impact in healthcare markets currently, with 30 brands or platforms that generate more than 1 billion of revenue annually, our investment in innovation continues to be a key element of our success.

Chairman and CEO Joaquin Duato and Janssen R D employees at the opening of the San Francisco Bay Campus.

In 2022, we opened our latest state of the art Janssen R D facility, more than doubling our R D presence in the San Francisco Bay Area.

Located in one of the world’s most established global hubs for innovation, the campus bridges key scientific and technological capabilities by co locating Janssen R D and Johnson Johnson Innovation, further integrating the Company into the Bay Area’s innovation ecosystem to strengthen and increase collaborations with innovators and accelerate growth.

Our new science facility in the Bay Area further strengthens our R D capabilities and transforms how we discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines faster and more efficiently.

By integrating drug discovery, data science and digital health, we aim to accelerate the growth of our best in class portfolio and deliver better health outcomes for people worldwide.

Throughout the world, we also expanded our J J Centers for Global Health Discovery that advance healthcare science, targeting pressing challenges in global health in the regions of greatest need.

In 2022, we launched two Satellite Centers one in South Africa to address the threat of AMR and one in Singapore to focus on dengue and other flaviviruses.

Learn more about our Global Health Discovery Centers and about innovation across Johnson Johnson Innovation, as well as Janssen R D.

Our Pharmaceutical R D organization advances our purpose to change the trajectory of health for humanity by pursuing breakthroughs across a wide range of therapeutic areas and biological pathways, applying our expertise in small molecules, monoclonal antibodies, cell and gene therapies and RNA therapeutics.

We delivered numerous recent achievements across several therapeutic areas in 2022.

I have been following the innovations led by Johnson Johnson’s pharmaceutical teams over many years, and I am deeply honored to have recently joined the talented Pharmaceutical R D team.

Pharmaceutical innovation is a critical component of global progress in healthcare, and Johnson Johnson’s significant investments will enable us to discover and develop transformational medicines that improve human health for the patients we serve around the world.

In line with our strategy to address unique cellular targets through immunotherapy treatment regimens, and our deep expertise in multiple myeloma, we realized breakthrough developments in multiple myeloma therapies in 2022, addressing high unmet need to profoundly impact the lives of patients living with this form of cancer.

EU and FDA approval of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) was granted for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after four or more prior lines of therapy, including a proteasome inhibitor, an immunomodulatory.

CARVYKTI is a chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR T) therapy that works by harnessing the patient’s own immune system, or T cells, to attack cancer cells.

Learn more from stories from real patients treated with CARVYKTI and their caregivers.

EU and FDA approvals of TECVAYLI (teclistamab), a novel, first in class, T cell redirecting bispecific antibody that activates the body’s immune system to fight cancer, were granted for the treatment of patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma.

These milestones marked significant developments for heavily pre treated patients who have limited treatment options today.

Given the heterogeneity of the disease, multiple myeloma is incredibly challenging to treat.

Nonetheless, the dedication of those at Janssen working to cure this disease has enabled the conceptualization and execution of a rich R D program that enabled a significant step forward for the entire multiple myeloma community.

FDA breakthrough therapy designation was granted for talquetamab, a first in class bispecific antibody for the treatment of heavily pretreated patients living with multiple myeloma.

EU marketing authorization was granted for the expanded use of our IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) in a fixed duration combination regimen for adults with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.

This marks the first ever approval of IMBRUVICA in a fixed duration regimen for patients with this form of cancer.

FDA approval for IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) was granted as the first and only treatment for children under 12 with chronic graft versus host disease (cGVHD), a life threatening complication that can occur after a stem cell or bone marrow transplant, when newly transplanted donor cells attack the transplant recipient’s body.

Transplant is sometimes used to treat children with hemoglobin problems such as sickle cell anemia or thalassemia and for children suffering from leukemia.

Seeking new cancer treatments: Janssen Oncology and.

Hangzhou DAC Biotechnology, a discovery and clinical stage biotechnology company, formed a research collaboration and license agreement with an aim to discover and develop novel antibody drug conjugate candidates for up to five targets using DAC Biotechnology’s expertise and innovative platform combined with Janssen Oncology’s proprietary antibodies.

This research collaboration will focus on prostate cancer, hematologic malignancies and solid tumor targeted therapy to help maximize the impact of early stage research to meet the significant unmet need in cancer related healthcare challenges.

Optimizing CAR cell treatment: Janssen Biotech formed a research collaboration with Serotiny, a gene and cell therapy development company, to leverage Serotiny’s multi protein domain discovery platform and Janssen’s antibody development and cell therapy expertise to create next generation CAR based cell therapies.

This collaboration has the potential to advance scientific innovation to develop next generation cellular therapies with improved therapeutic function and enhanced clinical benefit that could positively impact the lives of patients and families.

We seek to redefine the standard of care for people living with immune mediated diseases by focusing on unmet patient need and actionable science.

STELARA received FDA approval for treatment of pediatric patients aged six years and older with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA).

TREMFYA celebrated its five year milestone of the approval of this treatment for moderate to severe psoriasis.

In 2022, Janssen published a comprehensive analysis, demonstrating that TREMFYA ranked highest among all approved therapies for skin clearance in the treatment of PsA.

We advanced critical research in immune mediated inflammatory diseases (IMID) such as Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis (UC) and PsA.

We progressed our work studying oral cytokine inhibitors as a new form of treatment for people living with IMIDs with a Phase 2b trial for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.

What’s more, our investigational novel combination therapy of guselkumab (IL 23) and golimumab (TNF) also showed promising results for the treatment of UC.

A pathway approach where you could potentially treat multiple diseases, rare or prevalent, with one mechanism is really exciting because you can bring a therapy to more patients, quicker and more efficiently.

We are very excited about the potential of nipocalimab to bring relief to patients suffering from these devastating diseases.

Building on our legacy of leadership in immunology innovation, Janssen is investigating a targeted treatment, nipocalimab, to address the underlying cause of antibody driven disease.

Nipocalimab is being investigated in maternal fetal diseases, rare diseases and prevalent rheumatologic diseases, where unmet need is high and, in some cases, no therapy is currently available.

Janssen intends to reconceptualize the diagnosis and treatment of nervous system disorders with the aim to reduce the burden and disability experienced by patients worldwide.

Alzheimer’s disease (AD): We are leading the way to revolutionize AD with a differentiated tau portfolio that employs the latest advancements in precision medicine, data science and digital health to use unique biomarkers to speed earlier diagnosis, drug development and decision making.

Our biomarker team developed and is evaluating a blood test to predict central amyloid positivity and tau status indicators of AD with high accuracy.

We are also developing novel digital biomarkers in collaboration with leading technology firms.

For example, together with ki:elements, we are piloting speech biomarker technology using AI and machine learning to identify abnormalities in speech patterns that may be predictive of early disease.

Depression: Our neuroscience team is leading the charge against the most serious forms of depression, a mental health condition that places a heavy burden on society, affecting millions of patients worldwide.

We launched the first new mechanism in decades, SPRAVATO (esketamine) CIII nasal spray, for use in conjunction with an oral antidepressant in March 2019 for adults with treatment resistant depression, and in August 2020 for depressive symptoms in adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) with acute suicidal ideation or behavior.

In addition, Janssen is advancing drug candidates with novel mechanisms of action for depression, including aticaprant and seltorexant.

Altogether, these efforts aim to provide patients with more potential options for combating depression.

Myasthenia gravis (MG): This is a highly debilitating, rare autoantibody disease for which there currently is no cure and which can be difficult to diagnose.

We are investigating nipocalimab to address a range of serious autoantibody mediated diseases, including MG.

Results from our Phase 2 study with nipocalimab in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) showed a rapid, robust and sustained clinical response over placebo.

The Phase 3 trial in adults and Phase 2 study in children are underway.

The Cardiovascular, Metabolism Retina therapeutic area covers some of the most common causes of death, such as cardiovascular disease, and many other life threatening conditions that significantly impact overall health, including chronic kidney disease and retinal diseases.

In 2022, we announced the results of our Phase 2 AXIOMATIC Secondary Stroke Prevention study of milvexian, a novel oral anitcoagulant, which enrolled more than 2,000 patients with a primary ischemic stroke.

Early stroke recurrence after ischemic stroke remains a significant risk despite advances in secondary prevention.

The data from the AXIOMATIC Secondary Stroke Prevention study showed an approximate 30% relative risk reduction in recurrent symptomatic ischemic strokes and a favorable safety profile in three arms of the study compared to placebo.

This suggests that milvexian has potential to improve outcomes for stroke patients in clinical practice.

These results, along with findings from the AXIOMATIC TKR study, set the stage for our comprehensive Phase 3 program.

We also received encouraging results from a Phase 1 2 study evaluating investigational gene therapy botaretigene sparoparvovec for the treatment of X linked retinitis pigmentosa (XLRP), a rare condition that causes progressive vision loss, starting in childhood with night blindness and leading to legal blindness by middle age.

Using gene therapy approaches we are also advancing candidate therapeutics for common ocular diseases, including geographic atrophy.

For more than a century, we have harnessed the power of technology and breakthrough innovation to elevate new standards of care.

In surgery, orthopaedics, heart rhythm disorders, eye health, neurovascular care and other fields, we help save and improve lives and create a future where healthcare solutions are smarter, less invasive, and more personalized.

In a period of expansion and innovation, J J MedTech delivered more than 30 significant product launches in the past two years, bringing advanced medical technologies to more people around the world.

J J MedTech has nurtured the connection between healthcare professionals and the latest technologies to improve and save lives.

R D is at the forefront of patient care, uniquely positioned as a catalyst that can drive and scale progress.

DePuy Synthes specializes in orthopaedics solutions to help heal and restore movement for millions of patients.

In China, working with Johnson Johnson’s 3D Printing Group, DePuy Synthes is bringing to the Chinese market a highly personalized 3D printed cranial implant made from a thermoplastic polymer.

Production of the cranial implants is now up and running at the DePuy Synthes Suzhou Manufacturing Plant.

Ethicon continued to advance a next generation treatment option for lung tumors to minimize the impact of surgery for patients and allow for speedier recovery.

Ethicon’s solution is through transbronchial microwave ablation using its NEUWAVE FLEX Microwave Ablation System guided by its MONARCH Platform.

Ethicon’s clinical trial for patients with lung tumors, the POWER study, aims to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of this innovative approach.

In December 2022, a milestone was achieved with the first patient successfully treated as part of the POWER study.

New patient centered innovation: Across our wide range of innovative surgical technologies and solutions for patients and HCPs, we seek continuous improvement to deliver better patient outcomes with safety, efficiency and reliability.

Part of J J MedTech’s DePuy Synthes’ VELYS Digital Surgery Platform, CUPTIMIZE Hip Spine Analysis is the latest surgical planning feature in VELYS Hip Navigation.

It is a simple, x ray based digital tool that uses patient specific data to help surgeons assess dislocation risk and identify patients with abnormal pelvic tilt who may require unique cup placement or dual mobility design.

A 3D printed cranial plate sample produced by Johnson Johnson’s 3D Printing Group.

J J MedTech’s Ethicon franchise received FDA clearance for urology procedures using the MONARCH Endoscopic Robotic Platform.

MONARCH is now the first and only multispecialty, flexible robotic solution for use in both bronchoscopy and urology.

Toward the close of December 2022, we completed our acquisition of Abiomed, Inc., a world leader in heart recovery solutions and the creator of the world’s first totally implantable artificial heart.

Abiomed brings a rich history of innovation in cardiovascular care that complements our existing leadership in the diagnosis and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias through our Biosense Webster electrophysiology business.

Advancing treatment of stroke: We collaborate with physicians and academics and invest in scientific research to advance the treatment of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke.

Stroke is a leading cause of death with 15 million people worldwide affected by stroke annually.47 In 2022, Cerenovus, a J J MedTech company, launched the EMBOGUARD Balloon Guide Catheter as part of the CERENOVUS Stroke Solutions suite of technologies.

EMBOGUARD is designed to optimize the removal of blood clots by controlling blood flow locally during thrombectomy procedures.

In Europe, Biosense Webster launched its first radiofrequency balloon ablation catheter, HELIOSTAR, to enable physicians in Europe to advance safe, effective and efficient treatment solutions for patients suffering from AFib.

In Europe, catheter ablation is a recommended first line treatment option.49.

OCTARAY Mapping Catheter was launched for mapping cardiac arrhythmias, including AFib, to assist physicians in capturing precise information for catheter ablation procedures with enhanced clarity and speed.

With more splines and electrodes, the increased surface area coverage and improved signal quality with the OCTARAY Mapping Catheter allows me to better understand the anatomy and conduction properties of the chamber of interest.

In April 2022, Biosense Webster announced that the first patients were enrolled in the admIRE clinical trial in the U.S. to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the company’s investigational Pulsed Field Ablation (PFA) platform, the principal components of which are the VARIPULSE catheter and the TRUPULSE generator, for the treatment of AFib.

PFA represents a new approach to treating AFib, utilizing a controlled electric field instead of thermal energy to ablate and treat cardiac tissue, which could be an exciting advance for physicians and patients and may have a variety of benefits.

Biosense Webster is working to bring a versatile portfolio of PFA solutions complementary to our RF catheter portfolio to address various ablation strategies in the treatment of AFib.

J J MedTech company Biosense Webster, progressed research into AFib patient behaviors in North America to help inform ways to support AFib prevention and treatment by physicians and patients.

Biosense Webster’s AFib PulseCheck Survey among adults diagnosed with AFib revealed that, despite fears and anxiety about AFib, patients delayed seeking treatment, and many ended up in the emergency room due to AFib.

These insights provide clues as to how best to promote AFib behavior change, especially among high risk patients.

In China, Biosense Webster supported a new Starlight AFib.

Public Awareness Campaign to help popularize knowledge on the prevention and treatment of AFib.

As the top cause of death for the elderly, cardiovascular diseases are becoming a major health threat to Chinese people.

Biosense Webster built the largest online patient community with the global Get Smart About AFib campaign.

In the U.S. alone, there are more than 100,000 participants.

This effort is dedicated to educating patients, caregivers and healthcare providers about AFib signs, symptoms and treatment options, including catheter ablation.

Starlight Action is a long term education project on cardiovascular and cerebrovascular health, which aims to pull strengths of all parties to popularize AFib related knowledge and advocate a healthy lifestyle for the entire population.

At Johnson Johnson, we view innovation in data science and digital health as a critical engine of our long term business success and the foundation of our positive contribution to sustainable development and an equitable and inclusive society.

This marks an important advancement in medicine and data science, demonstrating the potential for more rapid, optimized care for patients in need.

Across our sectors, we combine innovative technologies with leading science to deliver care in groundbreaking new ways.

With a vast and diverse portfolio of digitally powered treatments and solutions, we aim to keep people well at every age and stage of life.

We shape the future of healthcare by unlocking the power of people, technology and insights.

Just as doctors use scalpels and stethoscopes, we use connected data, automation, AI and robotics to change patients’ lives.

Through digital, we build more agile, adaptive, efficient and sustainable processes across our business, and we apply tech for good to further advance health and well being for people around the world.

The potential of data science and digital health to revolutionize healthcare is immense.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, Johnson Johnson is using data science and digital health to reimagine the discovery and development of medicines and advance our mission of bringing transformative treatments and vaccines to patients around the world.

These methods are fundamentally shaping the way we think, work and solve problems across our R D portfolio.

At Johnson Johnson, we are continually evolving how we innovate to stretch the boundaries of what’s possible.

We’re combining the latest in data science and digital health with our deep expertise in science to develop game changing solutions that tackle some of the toughest health challenges all with the goal of improving patient outcomes and changing the trajectory of healthcare.

The application of data science and digital health in our pharmaceutical R D programs is helping to transform how we innovate.

Bladder cancer trial recruitment: Janssen established a collaboration with Paige, a global leader in clinical AI applications in pathology, to deploy a first of its kind, AI powered biomarker test, developed by Janssen, to screen for the presence of certain alterations in the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) genes in patients with advanced urothelial cancer, also known as bladder cancer.

The goal is to provide physicians with insights to help tailor patients’ treatment plans and facilitate clinical trial recruitment.

Early detection of pulmonary hypertension (PH): The FDA granted Breakthrough Device Designation for an AI enhanced, Pulmonary Hypertension Early Detection Algorithm, developed in collaboration between Janssen Anumana, a health technology company and Mayo Clinic.

The algorithm is a precise, non invasive screening tool that could help address the unmet need for earlier diagnosis of patients with PH, which may otherwise go unnoticed until the disease has advanced to the point of limiting treatment efficacy.

Downloadable by a physician to a digital device or accessed via the cloud, the algorithm will be accessible for broad scale use in early detection of PH, if approved.

Engaging patients remotely to study immune mediated skin conditions: We launched a remote immunodermatology observational study to capture more than 100,000 images from patients living with immune mediated skin diseases to support the development of AI algorithms needed for creating objective measures of disease severity on diverse skin types.

In our study, patients used their smartphone to capture photos of their skin over time, creating a unique data set with the volume required for detailed analysis.

Currently, the severity of immune mediated skin conditions is measured by doctors using the naked eye, which may lead to high variability in severity assessment.

In this digitally enabled remote study, we are generating new ways of assessing immune mediated skin conditions, enabling improved treatment solutions in the future.

Moreover, by offering the ability to assess skin conditions remotely, technology is helping to reduce the burden on patients who otherwise would be required to take time from work and family to visit a doctor’s office or clinical center.

This is one example of how Johnson Johnson is leveraging digital tools to help improve clinical trial diversity by reducing the burden of participation in clinical studies.

The platform, called myCareHub, is being tested with young people living with HIV in Kenya and was integrated into the clinical sites managed by UoN under the Kenyan health system.

It was developed to educate, empower and provide remote support for patients to manage their own health by linking their medical records into a secure digital vehicle, facilitating engagement with their HCP and connections to other patients.

Janssen has made myCareHub available via a non exclusive, royalty free license to UoN.

The experience gained will help guide further development of the platform and lay a foundation for potential future implementation across other regions.

The future of medical technology will be smarter, less invasive, and more personalized.

Digital technology is helping enable this future, delivering data intelligence for personalized patient outcomes, more focused precision and efficiency in the operating room and accelerated innovation across the industry.

Advanced analytics and data science practices are impacting the medtech industry, as connected devices, robotics and software solutions generate valuable, connected data.

In MedTech, we are embracing the power of data science to transform the way we help deliver more personalized healthcare for better patient outcomes, as well as the way we run our business.

Improving AFib treatment: Due to the complexity of AFib and a myriad of decentralized data, cardiac electrophysiologists and manufacturers struggle to generate consistent results across patients and operators.

Biosense Webster introduced CARTONET, the first cloud based data management system that has the potential to improve procedure efficiency and outcomes.

Using a deep learning algorithm, CARTONET evaluates patterns, enabling physicians to assess their performance more easily.

CARTONET is compatible with CARTO, Biosense Webster’s 3D mapping system that integrates all our electrophysiology mapping and ablation catheters.

In times of crisis, our industry demonstrated that we can unify the world with a common purpose.

We have brought together the best minds in science, engineering, supply chain, and public health to meet the evolving needs of patients and health systems around the world and we won’t stop here.

J J MedTech will continue to deliver innovation and advance a more modern, connected, digitally enabled and representative health system with the patient at the center.

Improving efficiency and accuracy of knee surgery: DePuy.

Synthes uses ML to right size total knee arthroplasty (TKA) and total hip arthroplasty (THA) implants.

By creating and deploying ML driven predictions for TKA and THA procedures using direct customer electronic medical records, DePuy Synthes can tailor the list of required components to meet the need of each specific surgery, rather than delivering all possible standard sizes.

This makes surgery coordination more efficient and accurate.

Automating imaging for improved eye disease diagnosis:.

Using a custom designed, ML and AI driven device, Johnson Johnson Vision has automated the processing of meibomian gland (MG) imaging, leading to better understanding of a patient’s MG disease.

MGs produce meibum, an oily substance that prevents evaporation of the eye’s tear film, necessary for full eye health.

Connecting the new device to Johnson Johnson Vision’s LIPISCAN imager enables consistent evaluation of a patient’s MG disease based on real world outcomes, enabling better diagnosis and medical intervention.

As a large and diverse organization, applying digital tools across many dimensions of our work in digital health and processes, we invest in sharing our work and progress internally, encouraging learning and reapplication of successful ideas and creating awareness for the latest technologies among our teams.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson’s Data Science Council published its internal Data Science Business Impact Report showcasing the most compelling examples of how teams from R D, commercial, supply chain and Enterprise functions are working to make the promise and potential of data science a reality.

We also held our annual Janssen R D Data Science Digital Health Symposium, bringing together more than 2,000 colleagues for two days of discussion and presentations on how Janssen R D is using data science and digital health as a transformational force in medicine and for patients.

More than 75 data science and digital health projects were showcased at the Symposium, and more than 200 speakers, including experts from across industry, startups and academia as well as Johnson Johnson executives, shared their insights.

We want our employees to be fluent in the language of data science.

We can only achieve this goal through personalized learning and development opportunities that support the upskilling of critical capabilities needed to be most effective in an increasingly digital world.

Johnson Johnson Innovation accelerates early stage innovation through strategic partnership.

By connecting the best science and technology entrepreneurs to our global resources and expertise, we take on the world’s toughest healthcare challenges and aim to improve the health of everyone, everywhere.

We connect potential collaborators to world leading resources and aim to support them to advance transformation science and technology across the spectrum of pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer healthcare.

Similarly, we collaborate widely across many groups, partnerships, consortia and research agreements to accelerate progress in ways that no company can achieve alone.

As we prepare for the future, we at Johnson Johnson feel our efforts will require new ideas, a new generation of entrepreneurs and the deployment of new tools for scientific inquiry to generate, aggregate and analyze data develop insights and test hypotheses that could inform the development of new ways to prevent, intercept and cure disease.

Activating health innovators and entrepreneurs through our JLABS QuickFire Challenges is an effective way to advance research and practical innovation to address a range of unmet medical needs.

The QuickFire Challenge is a crowdsourcing platform committed to identifying and cultivating potential health solutions to change the trajectory of healthcare.

Many QuickFire Challenges champion health equity by seeking to identify potential solutions that serve historically under resourced communities and reaching a wide range of diverse scientists, researchers and innovators from around the world.

In 2022, 10 new QuickFire Challenges were launched and four challenges from 2021 were completed.

Our Advancing Health Equity QuickFire Challenge received submissions focused on enabling inclusive clinical trial design and equitable clinical decision making, implementing community based early diagnostics and education of patients and providers to advance health equity.

Three awardees received grant funding from a total pool of 400,000, access to the global JLABS network and mentorship from experts across Johnson Johnson.

QuickFire Challenge awardees in 2022 included 35% women led teams and 20% teams led by people of color.

Four QuickFire Challenges launched in 2022 were specifically health equity focused, with grant funding from a total pool of 1.55 million awarded to 14 teams.

Our 2022 Maternal Fetal Immune Disorders QuickFire Challenge: Innovating for Health Equity sought to improve immune mediated pregnancy outcomes in mothers and children from BIPOC communities.

The challenge awarded a total of 500,000 in grant funding to two promising organizations that aim to advance health equity by addressing unmet medical needs in pregnancy care.

Our 2022 Vets QuickFire Challenge: Lung Cancer Physical Trauma reflected our commitment to keeping veterans healthy and advancing healthcare innovation for the benefit of the military community.

The Challenge sought ideas to directly address the unique healthcare needs of the military community, including lung cancer and physical trauma, and made grants totaling 500,000 to six awardees, three focusing on lung cancer and three offering solutions to address physical trauma.

Seoul Innovation QuickFire Challenge: In September 2022, Seoul Innovation QuickFire Challenge awardees siRNAgen Therapeutics and Portrai were recognized at the Seoul International Biomedical Conference.

To help advance their science, both companies received KRW 75,000,000 in grant funding, two years of residency at the Seoul Bio Hub, access to Johnson Johnson Innovation’s APAC ecosystem and mentorship from experts across Johnson Johnson.

Promoting diversity in healthcare startups: Through our Johnson Johnson Innovation ecosystem, we are empowering healthcare startups to embrace DEI in the early stages of their company’s life when they are creating their identity, research focus and approach, and culture.

To this end, in 2022, we introduced the Johnson Johnson Innovation Health Equity Assessment Tool (HEAT) to more than 550 Johnson Johnson Innovation collaborating companies as a voluntary survey designed to help early stage innovators benchmark their health equity maturity and how they are considering health disparities in their company leadership, potential healthcare solutions and delivery.

The self assessment is paired with the Johnson Johnson Innovation Health Equity e Learning Module to raise awareness and help establish a baseline understanding before completion.

The e Learning Module is also available to the public.

We also introduced the Johnson Johnson Innovation Board Fellows program, a one year, multifaceted education, executive coaching and mentorship program that will help strengthen our diverse candidacy for potential board leadership positions.

In June 2022, the inaugural class of five Johnson Johnson Innovation Board Fellows began their one year program.

The Board Fellows are paired with JJDC mentors to help them further understand developmental opportunities and achieve their full potential as potential Board Directors.

Johnson Johnson has made diversity, equity and inclusion in clinical trials a priority to help create transformational therapies that work for all patients.

An important step on our journey to achieving health equity is ensuring everyone has the opportunity to participate in clinical research, should it be right for them.

Underrepresented populations face a variety of barriers that impact clinical trial enrollment, including fear and mistrust, lack of awareness and logistical challenges.

Through structured processes to examine and advance DEI in clinical trials, including multiple partnerships for enhancing awareness and building trust among under resourced and underrepresented communities, we hope to change the trajectory of health disparities in clinical research.

In 2022, our Janssen Diversity, Equity Inclusion in Clinical Trials (DEICT) team created a template to embed diversity into the clinical trial process.

The template is relevant for all Janssen therapeutic areas and covers dimensions of diversity including race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation and socioeconomic factors.

Using this template, and insights from Janssen’s Research Includes Me initiative, equitable representation in clinical trials can be strengthened.

Research Includes Me meets communities where they are with educational materials, connects patients to current trials and partners with advocacy groups to understand these communities’ needs and build trust in the safety of clinical trials and the healthcare system overall.

In 2022, Research Includes Me connected more than 84 million people to messages on the importance of diverse representation in clinical research through its website, co hosted and multilingual events and participation at community events with Mobile Health vans.

In 2022, our DEICT team completed a clinical trial diversity plan across all Janssen’s therapeutic areas that includes supporting local markets and a metrics reporting dashboard to help guide further progress.

This approach also aligns with anticipated FDA initiatives to expand action and disclosure on clinical trial diversity.

Within Janssen, different research teams demonstrate their commitment in each area.

For example, the Janssen Immunology DEI Working Group formulated its specific DEI strategy and made progress by hiring racially and ethnically diverse leaders for Janssen R D, enhancing culturally relevant training, hosting speaker events on racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare and engaging in innovation and partnerships to promote inclusive research.

Janssen was one of the first organizations to proactively submit a diversity plan to the FDA for an oncology trial, well ahead of the regulatory body’s new guidance on initiatives to expand action and disclosure on clinical trial diversity.

The FDA’s commitment to prioritizing diversity in clinical research has the potential to better connect regulatory approaches with the industry’s broader health equity goals, which will help Janssen deliver on its mission to create a future where disease is a thing of the past.

Improving representation in cancer clinical trials: Janssen Oncology supports enhancing clinical research capabilities in Africa through collaboration with the African Access Initiative (AAI), a public private partnership driven by the BIO Ventures for Global Health, a nonprofit that accelerates R D for poverty related diseases in Africa and addresses the disparity in representation of Africans in cancer clinical trials.

Janssen Oncology’s support for AAI began in 2022 with the initial assessment of access to cancer care in 10 hospitals in five African countries, patient education and community awareness programs, as well as training programs for more than 2,000 HCPs on cancer diagnosis and treatment.

Janssen Oncology provided a 5 million grant to Stand Up To Cancer, a nonprofit organization supporting cancer research, to support the development of innovative approaches to removing barriers to clinical trial participation for patients of all racial and ethnic backgrounds, as well as patients in medically under resourced communities.

As one of the leading funders in cancer research, Stand Up To Cancer believes it is critical to ensure that the lack of diverse representation in cancer clinical trials is addressed.

This is a national imperative that we cannot turn away from.

We need fresh ideas that help to innovate and redesign the cancer clinical research enterprise to include communities that have long been left out.

Janssen Oncology provided a grant of 3 million to the American Cancer Society to fund its Navigating Patients Across the Care and Treatment Continuum program.

Janssen’s contribution will support collaboration with 20 health systems over three years, enhancing the oncology patient experience and addressing barriers to enrollment for underrepresented or marginalized communities.

Accelerating diversity in MedTech research: J J MedTech is taking steps to improve meaningful representation in clinical studies leading to better products and better outcomes.

In 2022, we developed our policy position on Diversity in Research Clinical Trials (U.S.) outlining our call for policies that reduce barriers to participation.

We also continue to support the Diversifying Investigations Via Equitable Research Studies for Everyone (DIVERSE) Trials Act’, introduced in the U.S. House and Senate in 2021, which provides expanded legal authority for companies to diversify their clinical trials.

As a founding sponsor of MedTech Color, J J MedTech helps advance the representation of persons of color in the medtech industry.

In 2021, we announced our intention to separate Johnson Johnson’s Consumer Health business and to create a new publicly traded company that would take its place as a leader at the intersection of healthcare and consumer goods.

The new company, named Kenvue, is committed to helping consumers realize the extraordinary power of everyday care.

At Kenvue, combining the power of science with meaningful human insights and digital first capabilities empowers more than one billion people to live healthier lives every day.

Kenvue’s portfolio of iconic brands is built for moments that uniquely matter to consumers and drives positive health outcomes around the world.

Thibaut Mongon, formerly the Worldwide Chairman, Consumer Health for Johnson Johnson, serves as Chief Executive Officer of Kenvue.

We remain on track to complete the separation in 2023, subject to market conditions.

The name Kenvue is inspired by two powerful ideas: ken, meaning knowledge, and vue, referencing sight.

With rich knowledge of human needs and deep consumer insights, Kenvue will deliver meaningful, personal health solutions.

Kenvue, the planned new Johnson Johnson Consumer Health company, announces its purpose: Realize the Extraordinary Power of Everyday Care.

Alongside preparation to establish Kenvue as a standalone company, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health has advanced its mission to improve total health for all for individuals at every age and stage of life, for communities and for our planet.

Promoting skin cancer awareness: Neutrogena’s In the Sun in school program brought skin cancer prevention awareness to more than 150,000 students across the U.S. throughout 2021 and 2022.

Following the release of Neutrogena Studios’ award winning, feature length documentary film, In the Sun, in 2021 to elevate awareness and understanding of sun safety and skin cancer for all skin types and colors, more than 2,000 schools have participated in the in school education program over two years.

Feedback from the in school program amongst school students surveyed is that 55% of students said they will change their sun safety habits as a result of watching the film.

Supporting smoking cessation: NICORETTE brought the first nicotine replacement therapy to market more than 40 years ago and backed by more than 50 years of research and innovation remains committed to eradicating smoking.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health continued to support smoking cessation by joining the launch event of the WHO Tobacco Cessation Consortium.

The Consortium is a public private coalition to support the WHO’s work on tobacco cessation worldwide.

Our participation in this consortium builds on NICORETTE’s previous support of the WHO’s Access Initiative to Quit Tobacco, which delivered positive results in terms of smokers who quit completely.

NICORETTE has donated more than 1.5 million worth of NICORETTE patches to help people quit smoking.

Advocating for menstrual dignity: In 2022, STAYFREE joined UNICEF for another year to promote education about menstrual hygiene and address menstrual poverty in Brazil.

Access to menstrual hygiene is a public health issue, as well as a human rights issue, according to the UN.55 Many women, especially those in low income regions, live in menstrual poverty, which means lack of basic access to buy hygiene products and often lack of access to water and sanitation.

In 2022, STAYFREE joined UNICEF for another year to address menstrual poverty in Brazil.

Between 2021 and 2022, STAYFREE donated two sanitation pads in menstrual hygiene kits distributed by UNICEF to 45,000 teenagers in Brazil and supported educational outreach widely across the country.

Also, in India, STAYFREE continued its It’s just a period campaign to normalize the topic of menstruation in India, leveraging Daughters Day for a second year as an occasion to destigmatize the first period experience, especially in many households where menstruation is still considered taboo, by educating and involving other family members for support.

Our transparency dashboard for consumers, launched in 2021, includes product specific information about ingredients, science and sustainability to meet consumer needs.

In 2022, we expanded the product transparency dashboard across several of our Consumer Health brands, tailoring information to the needs of consumers on a brand by brand basis.

JOHNSON’S Baby also unveiled this dashboard in leading global markets outside the U.S., namely Brazil, Canada and the UK.

Improving packaging sustainability: We are advancing our Healthy Lives Mission by taking important steps to reduce the environmental impact of our personal care product packaging by using less virgin plastic and increasing our use of recycled materials while improving the recyclability and reusability of our packaging.

These efforts align with our Consumer Health Packaging targets and support our participation as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

In alignment with our target to eliminate 100% of polystyrene jars and black plastic bottles from our global portfolio, we ceased sourcing packaging components with this resin material in 2022.

LISTERINE and OGX introduced innovative product formats, including mouthwash concentrates and shampoo bars, that reduce the need for packaging.

AVEENO, NEUTROGENA, JOHNSON’s Baby and LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS launched reuse and refill solutions to reduce plastic use compared to existing packaging.

CAREFREE launched Organic Cotton Topsheet Liners with.

Several brands in our portfolio also increased the use of PCR plastic packaging materials and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ) certified paperboard.

Reduce our total annual use of virgin plastics in packaging weight by 25% by 2025 compared to 2020, achieved through a combination of recycled plastic, plastic packaging reductions and more reuse models.

Eliminate 100% of polystyrene jars and black plastic bottles from our global portfolio by 2022.

Use 100% recyclable, reusable or compostable plastic packaging by 2025.

Use 100% certified or post consumer recycled (PCR) paper and pulp based packaging by 2025.

Learn more about our progress as a signatory to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.

Learn more about Consumer Health advances in sustainable manufacturing and in environmental health.

Collaborating for greater impact: Johnson Johnson Consumer Health collaborates with industry peers, NGOs and suppliers to advance our sustainability and transparency objectives.

The Animal Free Safety Assessment (AFSA) Collaboration is a forum that brings the collective voice of nonprofit and industry leaders together in support of education and advocacy to help eliminate the need for animal testing for cosmetics.

The EcoBeautyScore Consortium, an industry led collaboration of more than 60 companies and associations to help consumers understand the environmental impact of cosmetic and personal care products through the launch of an environmental scoring system for cosmetic products to help inform consumer purchasing decisions.

More than 160 companies and organizations across the packaging value chain, as part of the Digital Watermarks Initiative HolyGrail 2.0, plan to assess whether a pioneering digital watermarking technology can enable better sorting and higher quality recycling rates for packaging in the EU.

Additionally, to advance a circular economy and packaging sustainability, we continued our collaboration with several organizations, including the Consumer Goods Forum’s Plastics Waste Coalition of Action, the Closed Loop Infrastructure Fund and the A STAR Institute of Materials Research and Engineering Circular Materials Lab, helping to develop new global industry design rules for sustainable packaging, expand the recycling infrastructure in North America and research circular flexible film packaging solutions respectively.

Employees Tiffani H. and Renee E. collaborate at our Tampa Global Services site.

Our employees at Johnson Johnson around the world continue to be energized by Our Purpose to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.

Every single one of our employees can make a difference and with approximately 153,700 individuals in all corners of the globe that adds up to a huge impact.

Attracting, developing, retaining and inspiring the best people globally is crucial to all aspects of Johnson Johnson’s business.

We promote a culture of respect, inclusion and excellence, inspired by Our Credo, so that the talent of every individual at Johnson Johnson can be leveraged to ensure our Company, our communities and our environment, and each of us as individuals, can thrive and grow.

By anticipating and developing critical capabilities across Johnson Johnson, we can help accelerate business outcomes today and further future proof our organization for any tomorrow.

To do this effectively, we must create meaningful, personalized learning experiences that help shape highly capable leaders and empower our employees to chart individualized career paths that feed Our Purpose and theirs.

In 2022, our direct global workforce included approximately 153,700 individuals.

This includes approximately 25,000 new hires across our different regions, of whom 54% were women.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global Employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Our recruitment efforts include outreach through a wide range of channels and partners to encourage a diverse representation of top qualified candidates.

Employee referrals again generated a significant proportion of our hiring efforts, demonstrating employee confidence in Johnson Johnson as an attractive workplace.

Inspiring people to return to work after a career break: Re Ignite is Johnson Johnson’s global career reentry program that offers experienced professionals who have taken a break from their career for two or more years the opportunity to return to the workforce with specialized onboarding, networking and development activities.

In addition to its ambition to support women in returning to STEM2D professions, Re Ignite is a gender inclusive program that, in 2022, officially expanded its focus to include returning professionals both in and outside of STEM2D roles.

Since its inception in 2017, Re Ignite enabled professionals in 13 countries across all four regions to return to the Johnson Johnson workplace where they can continue their careers in meaningful roles.

I’m like a lot of women at the school gates I’m highly skilled and educated, but I didn’t know how to break back into the workplace and didn’t have the self confidence either.

Re Ignite provided the support structures I needed to help me adjust to returning to the workplace.

After participating in the program, I found that I slotted back into the work environment it was like I never left.

Hiring military veterans: Alongside our appreciation for their valued service, we appreciate the unique skills and experience military veterans and military spouses bring to our business.

We engage with government bodies and veteran support organizations to expand our hiring pathways for military veterans, and we offer veteran development programs to support transitioning to civilian life and work.

Enhanced and expanded hiring and development opportunities through our sales and leadership programs.

Johnson Johnson’s Military Veteran Leadership Development program, launched in 2017, has maintained 100% retention across all cohorts, totaling more than 40 veterans.

Hired veterans through the Department of Defense SkillBridge program, which provides transitioning military service members with civilian work experience during their final six months in service.

As part of this program, Johnson Johnson offers internships to SkillBridge participants, and, in 2022, we completed our first full annual cycle of hiring, during which 90% of SkillBridge interns became Johnson Johnson full time employees.

Reaffirmed our commitment to veteran and military spouse hiring through the Veteran Jobs Mission, a coalition that brings together hundreds of leading companies to actively hire veterans.

We continue to invest heavily in a wide variety of learning and development programs that help employees realize their career goals while building a capable and resilient workforce for the future.

Delivering a new learning ecosystem: We launched J J Learn, a global learning and development platform that integrates the curricula from our multiple learning organizations across the Enterprise, including leadership development programs, Human Performance Institute programs and more, to become the single source for all learning and development needs.

By leveraging the latest technology, including AI, J J Learn delivers a streamlined learning experience that is easy to access and navigate and enables every employee to incorporate learning into their daily practices while creating the career path that is right for them.

J J Learn includes learning programs, facilitates matching with mentors and holistic career review and development planning tools.

Advancing leadership development: We developed leadership skills at every level and career stage through on demand content and innovative and personalized modules across our suite of leadership development programs, with many thousands of employees at all levels.

We also completed our most significant people leader assessment of all time, with more than 7,500 people leaders receiving a report providing valuable feedback on their people leadership skills that will support their ongoing development and further empower them to help our organization deliver on its critical objectives.

By embracing a learning mindset both for ourselves and for our teams we will be better able to anticipate and develop the critical capabilities needed to accelerate business outcomes and future proof our organization while also providing rewarding career opportunities that allow employees to realize and pursue their unique purpose and aspirations.

Learn more about all our people development resources in our Position on Employee Development.

Career progression movement includes upward promotion and lateral transfer and excludes employees in the R D organizations.

Building digital capabilities: To support the ever expanding use of digital technologies and data science in almost every aspect of our work in every function of the business, we are heavily investing in building broad digital capabilities for our workforce.

To focus our efforts and provide a common learning experience across Johnson Johnson, we launched our Digital Upskilling Channel supported by digital missions, which are learning activations comprising various learning formats such as synchronous and asynchronous learning, quizzes and articles around one specific digital capability, that provide teams with an effective, experiential learning opportunity.

We supported this innovative approach with a playbook for local activation of digital missions.

Additionally, Johnson Johnson employees continued to access our iTalk Digital Education Series, developed by our Technology Division to teach digital topics with 130 iTalk videos available to all employees.

Digital acumen continues to be a critical capability for Johnson Johnson, enabling teams to reimagine and transform our business models to accelerate outcomes and future proof our organization.

Our compensation framework, which is consistent worldwide, includes a set of core principles that guide all compensation decisions, recognizing the important contributions of our employees to deliver our mission in ways that align with our values.

We are committed to pay equity, including gender and ethnic racial group pay equity.

Periodically, we analyze our pay across functions to assess market competitiveness and to eliminate unconscious bias or other barriers to full pay equity across the Enterprise.

In 2022, we invested significantly in targeted salary increases in several countries to enhance our competitive pay position this was also influenced by inflationary pressures, and part of our analysis this year used a new framework to monitor inflation and highlight areas for further alignment.

In addition, we increased our investment in employees across our Total Health portfolio to address rising rates of mental health concerns and ongoing uncertainties or consequences of the COVID 19 pandemic.

We believe that our investment in employees across the spectrum of compensation and benefits helps make Johnson Johnson both more attractive as an employer and more resilient as a business.

Additionally, we completed our annual living wage assessment with the aim of ensuring all employees globally receive pay that is competitive in their local markets and sufficient to support a sustainable standard of living for them and their families (see section: Human Rights).

Enhancing hybrid working: We continued to implement our hybrid working model, J J Flex, globally, capturing the energy of in person interactions and remote flexibility.

In the supply chain, flexibility offerings for on site employees were established that combine locally relevant practices with a globally consistent hybrid working framework at each site.

This new approach was used, for example, to remotely onboard thousands of supply chain team members, who also completed a portion of their total required training assignments online.

Diversity, Equity Inclusion advances our culture of belonging where open hearts and minds combine to unleash the potential of the brilliant mix of people working everywhere at Johnson Johnson today, as well as those who will join us in the future.

See also our section on Our Race to Health Equity (ORTHE) for ways in which we are helping eradicate racial and social injustice as a public health threat by eliminating health inequities for people of color in the U.S.

Build a workforce that reflects the diversity of our communities.

Accelerate our global culture of inclusion where every individual belongs.

Transform talent and business processes to achieve equitable access and outcomes for all.

Drive innovation and growth within our business to serve diverse markets around the world.

Our DEI Vision Make Diversity, Equity Inclusion how we work every day.

We cannot overstate the positive impact that diverse voices bring to our organizational culture, our community and society at large.

We must continue to create an inclusive environment where employees embrace individual and cultural differences to drive innovation.

Progress in Women in Management 49% of management positions globally are held by women.

Progress in Ethnic Racial Diversity in Management 36% of management positions in the U.S. are held by ethnic racially diverse employees.

Progress in Black African Americans in Management Achieved a growth of 40.5% in Black and African management positions from 2020, with Black and African American employees representing 6.6% of management positions in the U.S.

Our fourth annual DEI Impact Review shares insights about the evolution of our DEI strategy and a wide range of stories of our progress throughout 2022 to advance DEI across the four pillars of our strategy within our three business segments.

Strengthened development of 130 next generation Johnson Johnson leaders through our RISE ASCEND development programs.

Accelerated veterans hiring with our first full cycle in the Department of Defense SkillBridge program, with 90% of SkillBridge interns becoming Johnson Johnson full time employees.

Removed barriers to access through expanding diverse slates, broadening hiring criteria and removing bias from job postings.

Delivered Conscious Inclusion training to Vice Presidents and Directors across Johnson Johnson.

Empowered our 12 ERGs, engaging nearly 27,000 colleagues around the world in harnessing the passions of employees to educate, connect and create space for belonging.

Expanded Exploring Our Diversity, a global and immersive educational series to build greater cultural knowledge and understanding among our employees.

Delivered an interactive DEI Glossary, an evolving resource of commonly used DEI terms, to ensure we understand and use language that is representative and inclusive of all Johnson Johnson employees, patients, consumers and communities.

Partnered in multiple initiatives with ORTHE teams and business leaders to address mental health inequities in diverse communities.

Supported efforts to advance inclusive R D and diversity in clinical trials, and provided opportunities for HCPs including women orthopaedic surgeons and surgical residents of color.

Facilitated a robust, dual language campaign for the Janssen Research Includes Me initiative during Hispanic Heritage Month to better communicate the importance of participating in clinical trials to the Hispanic Latino community.

Advanced supplier diversity though procurement teams, helping achieve a significant increase in diverse supplier spend.

Supported our brand teams to deliver brand innovation and awareness campaigns to address the needs of diverse communities across skin care, eye care, oral health and smoking cessation brands.

Partnered with diverse communities through multiple innovation QuickFire Challenges led by JLABS.

Expanded our Care With Pride initiative globally with products in Brazil, Canada, Germany, Japan and the UK.

Our most recently filed U.S. Federal Employer Information Report EEO 1 is publicly available.

Note that federal reporting requirements require specific employee categorization that differs from the way we measure our diversity progress, as reflected in our Health for Humanity Report, and is, therefore, not directly comparable.

In 2022, women’s representation on our Executive Committee increased from one to five women following a leadership restructure, testifying to our strong pipeline of women at senior levels in our Company and our commitment to realizing opportunities for women in key roles.

We also appointed our first female General Counsel in the Company’s history.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Across Johnson Johnson, employees find inspiration in Our Purpose to change the trajectory of health.

We provide platforms, tools and resources across the Enterprise to help everyone contribute effectively.

We encourage open and inclusive communications so that everyone feels welcome to offer ideas and suggestions about how we can improve outcomes for patients and consumers and demonstrate care for our communities and our planet.

Connecting to our employees: One of the platforms we use to track employee sentiment and feeling of being connected to our colleagues and our values is our biennial Our Credo Survey, which was administered in 2022 in 77 countries and made available in 36 languages.

Over the past two years, people around the globe have faced and overcome many social and economic challenges, including those relating to the COVID 19 pandemic.

In the face of these challenges, employees have maintained their confidence in Our Credo values, demonstrating stronger support and recognition for the way we uphold our values and positively impact society.

Following an analysis of the detailed results, which were communicated to all employees, we developed plans to address the main areas of opportunity identified by our employees’ feedback, both at the Enterprise level and within individual teams.

In alternate years, we conduct a global Our Voice Survey, which serves as an indicator of employee satisfaction and measures important aspects of our culture such as employee engagement, inclusion, development, health and wellness, collaboration, execution, innovation, and compliance and risk.

Recognizing employees: In addition to several awards and honors programs that recognize the contributions of our employees across different functions and regions, we maintain our global peer recognition platform, Inspire, which reaches all of our global workforce in 77 countries.

In 2022, hundreds of thousands of recognition moments celebrated meaningful contributions and purpose led behaviors among our employees.

We aim to encourage girls to consider science, technology, engineering, mathematics, manufacturing and design (STEM D) studies and career opportunities in the knowledge that advancing gender equality in technical professions will both strengthen society and also build a stronger pipeline of diverse talent in under resourced STEM2D related professions, critical to advancing innovation in healthcare.

Progress in Women in STEM2D Engaged 170,000 girls in 2022 through 230 events and 190 STEM2D.org activities for a total of 501,000 girls engaged.

Through our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals, which include a specific target to reach 2 million girls through STEM D activities led by Johnson Johnson employees in partnership with nonprofit organizations, we encourage our employees to play an active role in engaging to advance women in science.

In 2022, more than 1,500 Johnson Johnson employee volunteers directly engaged in STEM2D activities with approximately 170,000 girls.

Our Women in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Manufacturing and Design (WiSTEM D) initiative supports youth, undergraduates, scholars and professionals and has been active since 2015.

Through our WiSTEM D Youth Pillar, we seek to spark enchantment with STEM D in young women and girls all around the globe through creative problem solving and play.

In our WiSTEM D Undergraduate program, we collaborated with nearly 70 universities, delivering more than 140 events and reaching more than 23,000 university students via a variety of activities and social media campaigns.

We also launched a WiSTEM2D Camp, a weeklong pilot program in Europe, to give students an opportunity to explore post secondary options in STEM2D fields, an initiative we plan to extend to 2023.

Further, we expanded our WiSTEM2D program in our APAC and Latin America regions.

In our WiSTEM D Scholars program, we again selected six outstanding female researchers to receive support to drive their important research.

This program has been active since 2017, selecting early to mid career women faculty researchers, who have completed their post doctoral studies and are making key STEM D discoveries, to each receive a grant of 150,000 and three years of mentorship.

In 2022, we received more than 500 applications from highly qualified nominees from around the world, with more than 75% of applicants coming from outside the U.S.

The selected WiSTEM D 2022 scholars are advancing pivotal global innovations across diverse fields with an aim to significantly improve healthcare outcomes.

Between 2018 and 2022, Johnson Johnson’s WiSTEM D Scholars program has provided 30 outstanding female researchers with 5.4 million in grant funding to advance pivotal healthcare innovations.

Dr. Ange Therese Akono, a 2022 awardee, is working in bone tissue regenerative engineering, with a focus on discovering nanostructured bone scaffolds to help restore the quality of life of patients who require maxillofacial bone repairs.

Johnson Johnson’s GCI organization drives our Talent for Good strategy to inspire our employees to help create healthy communities across the globe.

Talent for Good offers a wide variety of engagement opportunities for employees, inviting each to take part at their preferred level of participation in a focus area of their interest.

Talent for Good programs include skills based volunteering opportunities conducted in partnership with nonprofit community partners.

These programs, which range from short term volunteering in local communities and medium term programs that connect employees with nonprofits wherever they are in capacity building activities to fully immersive engagements over several months, support nonprofit skills and competencies.

Our quarterly giving initiatives engage employees to support local communities, and we also encourage employees to volunteer in our communities through our Company wide days of caring.

The Talent for Healthy Communities Program allowed me to use my professional skill set to help the community.

Within the project, I also learned how to effectively manage a project and work with multiple groups of people.

Many of our Talent for Good programs build on longstanding collaborations that Johnson Johnson has maintained for several years with organizations that have a wide reach within our communities and help create meaningful volunteering opportunities for Johnson Johnson employees to maximize our impact and deliver tangible social benefit.

Bridge to Employment engages employees as mentors to help secondary school students improve academic performance and elevate their career aspirations.

The extension program, Pathway to Success, helps students succeed and thrive in higher education, providing additional support and full time paid summer internships at Johnson Johnson (14 internships in 2022).

One Young World engages employees to support frontline health leaders on various projects and provide guidance and mentorship, building young leadership capacity across the globe to change the trajectory of health.

Talent for Healthy Communities creates greater engagement and awareness between employees and partners in the same local community through a hybrid pro bono program, addressing critical capacity building needs in that community.

WiSTEM2D engages employees globally to inspire young girls and women to enter STEM2D fields.

Global Pro Bono engages employees in pairs with selected partner organizations working on the front lines of health to support them and build organizational capacity.

Global Secondment Program enables and empowers selected Johnson Johnson employees to support partner organizations on the front lines of health to raise public health standards in communities around the globe by sharing their knowledge, skills and passions over a four to six month time frame.

Pro Bono for Health Equity utilizes the skills and talents of Johnson Johnson employees to build the capacity of U.S. based Community Health Centers supporting communities of color.

This program is part of Our Race to Health Equity commitment (see section: Our Race to Health Equity).

See section: Women in STEM for details of WISTEM2D activity in 2022.

Johnson Johnson employees are passionate about environmental sustainability and seek to make an impact.

We engage, inspire and provide opportunities for employees to learn and collaborate through dedicated environmental sustainability programs and learning and idea sharing platforms such as WeSustain, HealthyPlanet and environmental sustainability training.

Water nourishes a better world, by Simon S., 10 years old, China.

One of several winning original pieces in our Annual Worldwide Children’s Energy Coloring Art Contest.

The contest, in its 39th year, is open to all young relatives of Johnson Johnson employees and is an opportunity to engage with the future generation on how we each play a role in reducing carbon emissions.

WeSustain: Our environmental sustainability employee engagement program, WeSustain, mobilizes passionate employees to improve environmental health in locations where we live, work and sell our products.

In 2022, we brought the WeSustain community together for the first Global WeSustain Summit.

Employees globally joined a virtual live event to hear from internal and external speakers, connect with each other and share ideas for a more sustainable future.

HealthyPlanet: In 2022, through our HealthyPlanet platform launched in 2020, we challenged employees to calculate their environmental sustainability impact by offering a personal carbon calculator and ideas to reduce their footprint.

Throughout the year, employees completed more than 40,000 actions on topics ranging from reducing energy, lessening food waste and eliminating single use plastics.

Incentives, like charitable donations, drove employees to take over double the actions taken in the previous year.

Impact metrics from HealthyPlanet illustrated employee led savings, including reduced paper use, reduced trash, lower energy consumption and lower water use.

Employee training in environmental sustainability: In 2022, we built an online self paced training module, called Sustainability My Job, to demonstrate how every Johnson Johnson employee can contribute to sustainability solutions at work.

This follows the broader foundational sustainability training module launched in 2021.

The new training depicts real employee examples and guides employees to build their own action plan based on their role and function.

Interest in both optional sustainability training modules has been strong from employees around the world.

We are continuously providing opportunities for our employees to learn and build their personal and professional sustainability capabilities so that decisions made today will help protect the environment and the health of future generations.

At Johnson Johnson, we take an uncompromising approach to safety in everything we do.

We also invest extensively in the health and well being of our employees we believe that advancing health for humanity starts with protecting and enhancing the total health physical, mental, emotional and financial of our workforce.

We aim to ensure that all our employees around the world, as well as temporary contractors and visitors to our sites, can work safely.

Our workplace health and safety programs include adherence to our robust global safety standards, risk assessments, extensive training and communications.

We continuously expand health and well being benefits throughout Johnson Johnson globally, incorporating new thinking and technologies to help employees achieve their personal mind and body health goals.

To reinforce best safety practices, in 2022, we commenced a yearlong global refresher program of our Six Safety Habits framework for all employees in our R D spaces and supply chain facilities and those working on construction projects to reacquaint them with the workplace habits that ensure safety continues to be an essential part of our culture.

See the Employee Safety table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Global Employee Safety data.

Ensuring people can work safely is foundational to their well being.

With so many facilities and operations around the world, presenting potential safety risks every minute of every day, we rely on our approximately 153,700 people, as well as contractors and visitors to our sites, to practice safe working in every single one of those minutes.

Learning We learn from both our successes and our failures.

Responsible Everyone is personally responsible for their safety and the safety of others.

Caring We demonstrate caring and inspire a strong value of safety from the heart.

Transparent Everyone feels safe to make suggestions and or share complaints with those who need to know.

Proactive Everyone anticipates and actively engages in controlling safety hazards.

Inclusive We seek diverse perspectives and share safety knowledge within and beyond our four walls.

We constantly reinforce our uncompromising approach to safety through communications to all employees around the world.

Since 2012, Johnson Johnson has donated more than 75,000 lifesaving helmets to children in Vietnam. of potential injury.

Beyond safety, we aspire to have the healthiest workforce, inspiring us to continually examine and expand our total health benefits, programs and offerings to support the total well being of all employees and embed a culture of health throughout Johnson Johnson.

Our healthiest workforce ambition is tracked in our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals annual Healthiest Workforce Score.

Progress in Healthiest Workforce Score 66% of Johnson Johnson leaders and their managers achieved an 80% Healthiest Workforce Score.

The comprehensive well being portfolio available to Johnson Johnson employees and their families is reflected in the positive employee perception of organizational support for their total health.

In 2022, most global employees believed senior leaders support their health and well being, as exemplified by the Our Credo Survey results.

Implemented expanded paid parental leave benefits for employees around the world, with 12 weeks of paid leave covering maternal, paternal, adoptive, surrogacy assisted and foster parents.

Enhanced the Employee Assistance Programs and CARE.

The enhanced services connect employees to professional assistance on a broad range of topics.

From mental health support to professional life coaching and work life services (i.e., elder adult care, travel, childcare, education, pet care, household services and parenting), employees can now easily navigate to the support they need.

Introduced new virtual mental health resources in the U.S. to support employees and their families, including behavioral support for children, teens and families.

Along with other leading companies across industries, we joined Thrive and the Society for Human Resources Management in pledging our continued commitment to prioritizing employee well being and mental health.

Expanded travel benefits for U.S. employees and their families, providing reimbursement for travel to receive medical services (inclusive of, but not limited to, reproductive healthcare) not available from any other in or out of network provider within 100 miles of the patient’s home.

Global Activity Challenge: In 2022, we held our seventh 30 day Global Activity Challenge, encouraging our employees to join teams to boost their health by getting moving.

Employees were able to select walking, running, dancing, cycling, gardening, practicing yoga or other preferred physical activity, competing against other global teams.

The 2022 Challenge engaged more than 33,000 participants in 73 countries, recording more than 7.5 billion steps throughout the Challenge.

Energy management: Our enterprise wide ENERGY FOR PERFORMANCE program helps employees manage their energy capacity so that they can be their best at work and in life.

We have consistently expanded the use of this program and introduced virtual courses to continue to deliver this important training during the pandemic.

In 2022, 8,872 employees completed ENERGY FOR PERFORMANCE courses.

A LEED Gold certified Janssen facility completed the second phase of a photovoltaic (PV) panel installation in 2022.

At Johnson Johnson, we understand that human health and environmental health are fundamentally linked healthy people need a healthy planet.

For more than two decades, we have set and achieved carbon reduction goals.

We have taken sustained, long term action to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and we are encouraging our suppliers to do the same.

As the largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we recognize our opportunity to drive positive change on issues that affect the health of the people we serve.

We continually strive to improve the environmental footprint of our operations, our products and our value chain while also working with others to accelerate and scale solutions.

And together with like minded partners, we are working to tackle today’s global challenges at the intersection of human and environmental health, including climate change and health equity.

Johnson Johnson has set three public goals to reduce GHG emissions across our value chain.

Our near term goal to reduce Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions by 60% from 2016 levels, is validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as being consistent with the reductions required to keep global warming to 1.5 C.

Johnson Johnson was recognized with a CDP A List rating in 2022 for our leadership in climate action for the fifth consecutive year, one of just 297 companies to be named to the Climate A List in 2022.

We take an intentional approach to climate action in order to benefit the health of our planet, the health of our company, and the health of people, including those who are disproportionately impacted by the effects of rising temperatures, extreme weather events and climate sensitive health risks.

In addition to progress towards our climate goals, we are working with partners to strengthen the climate resilience of the healthcare workforce and healthcare systems that serve those most vulnerable to the health impacts of a changing climate.

Since 2016, our absolute Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions have reduced by 41% (absolute reduction), from 1,166,456 MT CO2e in 2016 to 683,188 MT CO2e in 2022.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions data.

Progress in Renewable Electricity 67% of electricity is produced or procured from renewable energy sources.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson signed additional renewable Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) in Brazil and India.

Previously signed renewable electricity agreements in Europe and the U.S. went into effect in 2022.

Progress in Carbon Neutrality for Our Operations (by 2030) 41% (absolute reduction) in Scope 1 2 carbon emissions vs.

CarbonNeutral by the external organization Climate Impact Partners, bringing the total number of our certified CarbonNeutral sites to six.

Progress in Scope 3 Emissions Reductions (by 2030) 11% increase in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Scope 3.

Our Scope 3 emissions increased by 11% from 2016, driven primarily by Purchased Goods and Services and Upstream Transportation and Distribution.

The calculation of emissions from both categories is based on spend data and category specific economic input output emission factors (versus activity based emissions).

Fuel price increases and inflation further exacerbated costs used in the calculation of emissions.

Progress in 2022 includes becoming a founding member of the Pharmaceutical Industry’s program Activate, supporting API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts.

We also piloted a Joint Climate Action planning process with high emitting suppliers to identify areas of opportunity for collaboration to reduce Scope 3 emissions.

We are making meaningful progress in deploying renewable electricity across a greater portion of our operations around the world, with 67% of our global electricity use powered by renewables at the end of 2022.

Johnson Johnson maintains more than 50 on site renewable energy systems in 20 countries and has executed more than 15 contracts for off site renewable electricity procurement.

Our global expansion of the use of renewable electricity and execution of virtual PPAs and green tariffs has been a significant factor in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, in line with our goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our operations by 2030.

In 2022, we completed several initiatives to procure renewable electricity globally, propelling Johnson Johnson toward our 100% renewable electricity goal at the global level by 2025.

Brazil: A direct PPA was signed for 100% renewable electricity from a wind farm in northern Brazil for all Johnson Johnson operations in the country starting in 2023.

This is the largest deal we’ve made in South America to date.

India: A direct PPA was signed in Mulund, India, that will enable the Mulund Consumer Health plant to source some of its electricity from wind power in 2023.

Australia, China and South America: Multiple Utility Green Tariffs were completed for renewable electricity across several sites.

Mexico: A direct PPA from a wind farm in Mexico helps deliver part of Ethicon’s Juarez site with renewable electricity, as of September 2022.

Malaysia, South Africa and Spain: Expansion of on site solar power generation was completed at three Consumer Health sites.

This data is the percentage of electricity used by Johnson Johnson that is generated from renewable sources, including on site and off site renewable systems, like direct PPAs, virtual PPAs and Utility Green Tariffs.

In Europe, three virtual PPAs that were finalized in 2021 brought us to the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity in Europe due to renewable electricity certificates (RECs) contracted for 2022.

In addition to accelerating our use of renewable energy, we continue to invest in energy efficient processes and equipment, green construction and lower carbon renovations at our sites.

Since 2005, energy efficiency programs at our most energy intensive manufacturing and R D sites are allocated up to 40 million per year in capital relief through our CO2 Capital Relief Program, for energy projects that demonstrate potential CO2 savings and a financial return of at least 15%.

For example, Janssen’s Xi’an facility in China completed the second phase of photovoltaic (PV) panel installation as part of the CO2 Capital Relief Program, integrating it into its existing system.

The Xi’an site team after completing the second phase of photovoltaic (PV) panel installation.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 1 Scope 2 GHG emissions data.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision Care achieved 100% renewable electricity across its global manufacturing operations using Utility Green Tariffs and on site solar in the U.S. and both on site wind power and off site wind power from a direct PPA in Ireland.

Since 2016, our total absolute energy consumption across all Johnson Johnson sites has reduced by 8%, from 12,811 TJ in 2016 to 11,800 TJ in 2022.

This represents 30% energy reduction on an intensity basis, per billion in sales.

Green buildings: We continue to pursue Leadership in Energy Environmental Design (LEED) certification or equivalents (such as Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology BREEAM ).

In 2022, we added one LEED certification across our facilities, bringing our total at the end of 2022 to 68 LEED certified and BREEAM certified Johnson Johnson sites.

Approximately 9.4 million square feet of Johnson Johnson workspace is LEED certified.

In 2022, five Johnson Johnson sites in France (S zanne), Germany (Wuppertal), Italy (Pomezia), Switzerland (Neuch tel) and the U.S. (Lititz, Pennsylvania) were newly certified CarbonNeutral by the external organization Climate Impact Partners, bringing our total number of certified CarbonNeutral sites to six, including Helsingborg, Sweden, originally certified in 2017.

Carbon emissions reductions were achieved through energy efficiency initiatives, such as HVAC optimization and chiller system replacements, waste to energy projects and renewable electricity use.

Carbon credits and carbon offsets were utilized for remaining emissions.

Reducing energy consumption: Overall, between 2016 (our base year for the Health for Humanity 2025 Environmental Goals) and 2022, we reduced our total energy consumption by 8%, while our business grew by 32% in the same period.

In other words, our energy intensity, expressed as TJ per billion in sales to customers, reduced by 30%, strongly demonstrating the cumulative effect of continuous improvement and deliberate energy efficiency initiatives, year after year, across our global operations.

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations.

Green labs: In 2022, our J J MedTech DePuy Synthes R D lab in Leeds, UK, and our Janssen Immunology lab in California, both achieved My Green Lab certification for implementing sustainability best practices.

My Green Lab certification is recognized by the UN Race to Zero campaign as a key measure of progress toward a zero carbon future and is considered the gold standard for laboratory sustainability best practices around the world.

We intend to seek certification for more Johnson Johnson labs in the coming year.

Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations.

Avoidance of energy consumption and GHG emissions were calculated by comparing energy consumption before project implementation and expected consumption after implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process.

Engaging with our key suppliers across our global supply base is critical to reducing our absolute upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions in line with our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal of 20% reduction by 2030 (from 2016 levels).

See the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions table in the ESG Performance Data section of this Report for footnote considerations related to Scope 3 GHG emissions data.

To make progress in this area, our procurement and logistics teams worked closely to identify and realize opportunities to improve our Scope 3 data and drive emissions reductions.

Improving data quality: We are piloting a collection of more detailed sources of emissions data for our supply base, as well as using our data science capabilities to visualize CDP Supply Chain data that shows the maturity level of our largest emitting suppliers, including their goals, emissions footprint and reductions.

In early 2022, the National Academy of Medicine’s (NAM’s).

Action Collaborative on Decarbonizing the U.S. Health Sector, a public private partnership of leaders from across the health system, began engagement after forming in 2021.

The Climate Collaborative is a forum to align around collective goals and actions for decarbonization, based on evidence, shared solutions and a commitment to improve health equity.

One of the current work streams of this group focuses on developing and sharing resources to help healthcare supply chain companies start or accelerate their sustainability journeys.

In 2022, we were foundational funders of the Beyond the.

Megawatt Initiative from the Clean Energy Buyers Institute (CEBA), charged with creating a resilient, equitable and environmentally sustainable energy system for the benefit of all by leveraging energy customer demands for clean energy.

We also work with partners to advance environmental health equity.

This includes supporting programs to empower healthcare workers and to strengthen the resilience of healthcare facilities in areas where it’s needed most.

Building capability: We are helping to educate suppliers on emissions measurement and disclosure, as well as renewable energy adoption.

We have also trained our procurement teams to support high quality data submission by suppliers to CDP.

Driving reductions: We are piloting a Joint Climate Action Planning process with high emitting suppliers across various industries to help us understand their climate goals and efforts needed to achieve them.

Through Joint Climate Action Planning, we are able to identify the biggest opportunities to collaborate with suppliers to drive reductions in our Scope 3 emissions.

Regarding logistics, we continued to work with suppliers to reduce shipping related emissions.

For example, in Europe, Johnson Johnson introduced a rolling highway project that transports fully loaded trucks by rail between Italy and Belgium, significantly reducing emissions from road travel.

This program will be expanded to include more shipments in 2023.

In 2022, we also engaged with two initiatives to support collective efforts in driving down GHG emissions in pharmaceutical supply chains.

The Energize Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration platform with an aim to increase access to renewable electricity within pharmaceutical supply chains and to educate suppliers about renewable energy adoption and contracting.

More than 160 Johnson Johnson suppliers have registered to the platform.

In 2022, the Energize program supported its first renewable electricity buyers cohort a group of companies that came together to contract for renewable electricity at scale via a PPA.

The Activate Program: A pharmaceutical industry collaboration, launched in 2022, bringing together five pharmaceutical companies, including Johnson Johnson, as founding members to support active API suppliers in their decarbonization efforts through measurement of their GHG emissions and provision of practical decarbonization tools.

We continue to advance initiatives across our facilities and throughout our supply chain to minimize our impacts on the planet through responsible use of water, avoidance of waste and reduction of waste sent to a landfill.

Water stewardship: As part of our efforts to continuously improve our management of water resources and our water stewardship, we are pursuing Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) certifications across elected facilities in our network.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health Thailand and Janssen’s Xi’an, China, facility both achieved AWS certification.

The international AWS certification addresses sustainable water management and is confirmation of having met the global benchmark for responsible water stewardship.

We are pursuing additional site certifications in the coming years.

Water saving projects in Helsingborg, Sweden: At our Consumer Health site in Helsingborg, Sweden, three new water saving projects were completed in 2022.

A newly installed chiller with a closed loop water cooling system has reduced coolant water needs by more than half while requiring less energy to operate than the old model.

Production equipment cleaning processes were also optimized and shortened to save purified water annually.

Finally, an adjustment in the reverse osmosis processes and equipment service methodology was completed, saving additional water on site.

Over the past five years, our water withdrawal in million m3 per billion sales across Johnson Johnson globally has reduced by 5%, demonstrating efficiencies in water management alongside business growth in sales of 16% between 2018 and 2022.

Johnson Johnson was recognized with a CDP A rating in 2022 for our leadership in water security.

Waste management: We continually advance initiatives across all our facilities and throughout our supply chain to systematically avoid waste, reduce waste to landfill and increase sustainable management of waste.

The waste streams generated directly by our operations include hazardous and non hazardous waste from research laboratories, manufacturing processes, warehouses and offices.

Reducing hazardous waste: Our aim is to reduce hazardous waste from material intensive API processes by implementing green chemistry and engineering principles to improve chemical conversion yields and increasing reuse and recycling of raw materials.

For example, in 2022, Janssen continued a program to reduce hazardous waste from our small molecule API production at four Johnson Johnson sites.

Working toward zero waste: In Brazil, our teams at the S o.

Jos dos Campos site, which houses manufacturing for all three business segments of Johnson Johnson, have been working toward improving their waste management program.

Since 2020, several initiatives have been put in place to advance recycling across non hazardous waste streams, and in 2022, the site achieved its highest recycling level since the start of the program, on track to achieve its goal of being a certified TRUE Zero Waste facility.

Green Business Certification Inc.’s TRUE Zero Waste certification is a program that rates how well facilities perform in minimizing their non hazardous, solid wastes and maximizing their efficiency in the use of resources.

Several new on site waste management processes, including a waste inventory management system and internal packaging reuse systems, combined with outreach to suppliers for take back of packaging items for reuse or recycling, have contributed to a reduction in non hazardous waste sent to landfill from this facility.

We are committed to developing more sustainable products to support the health of people and our planet.

We focus on the product categories, platforms and lifecycle areas with the highest potential impact and prioritize improvements that can be implemented across multiple products.

We recognize that the products we create may continue to have environmental impacts after use, and we are working to offer more end of life circular solutions.

Expanding surgical device recycling: We expanded our hospital surgical device recycling program, which was piloted in Germany in 2021, to include eight countries in Europe.

Components from more than 25,000 single use products were recycled in 2021 and 2022 through our Hospital Recycling Program.

The program is also expanding to recover Ethicon’s absorbable suture aluminum based packaging in countries such as Germany and Switzerland.

Expanding pharmaceutical device take back: We expanded our U.S.

SAFE RETURNS program for home administered Janssen immunology products to Switzerland.

SAFE RETURNS allows patients to return their self injectable devices using paper envelopes instead of plastic containers once used.

A feature of the program is the removal of the hazardous material classification due to the needle safe authorization, thereby eliminating the need for patients to prepare special paperwork for handling by mainstream postal services.

The program is expected to expand to several additional European countries in 2023.

Addressing digital health device waste: Janssen launched and coordinated a new multiyear collaborative initiative, with co funding through the EU Horizon Europe program, to address the issue of increasing digital health device waste.

The initiative, called Digital Health in a Circular Economy (DiCE), brings together 20 organizations in the fields of manufacturing, research, refurbishing, remanufacturing, recycling, social science and policy from nine countries across Europe with an aim to examine the lifecycle of digital health devices from design to end of life, to help extend their lifetime and or to responsibly manage them at the end of their useful life.

Use of digital health devices is predicted to increase rapidly, so a collaborative solution is timely.

Reprocessing and recycling of medical devices: To reduce the end of life impact of medical device parts in the environment, J J MedTech reprocessed, single use devices manufactured by Johnson Johnson company, Sterilmed, and also offers reprocessed products from other original manufacturers, in line with local laws.

Additionally, J J MedTech’s Biosense Webster, in collaboration with Sterilmed, expanded its on site support to collect reprocessable ultrasound catheters, diagnostic catheters and electrophysiology cables to maximize the reprocessing programs in Canada and the U.S. and help health systems support their environmental sustainability objectives.

Reducing medical e waste: J J MedTech’s Biosense Webster in Brazil implemented an initiative to help hospital staff understand how to change the practice of discarding single use connector cables used in surgical ablation procedures by safely preparing them for reuse.

Biosense Webster cables were designed with exclusive materials to perform in sterile conditions and, when properly sterilized, can be safely reused up to 10 times.

By investing in educating hospital staff in sterilization procedures, tons of cables that are discarded annually in Brazil can now be avoided, both reducing waste and equipment expenses for hospitals.

The SOUNDSTAR Catheter shown here with the reusable eco cable connection.

Across our diverse portfolio of products, we are working on multiple opportunities to improve the sustainability of our product packaging.

Investing in new circular technologies: At Johnson Johnson, we aim to work with suppliers attempting to find solutions to help divert waste from landfills and to develop technologies that turn diverted waste into new materials.

This is why in 2022, Ethicon entered into an agreement with Eastman to purchase Eastman’s Eastar Renew 6763 copolyester for its medical device trays.

Eastman is a global specialty materials company that produces a broad range of advanced materials, chemicals and fibers found in items people use every day.

By purchasing Eastman’s Eastar Renew 6763 copolyester, Ethicon is able to attribute a portion of the weight of each tray to materials that Eastman collects for recycling.

With each tray, Ethicon helps divert waste from landfills and advances new technology solutions such as Eastman’s molecular recycling technology.

We know that a collective approach is essential to tackle today’s greatest environmental challenges.

This is an important first step toward advancing the circularity of our healthcare packaging.

Using recycled packaging for medical devices: J J MedTech company DePuy Synthes launched more than 250 product items in the SYNFIX Evolution brand in post consumer recycled (PCR) paperboard material (93%).

This PCR packaging replaced white boxes made with 100% virgin paperboard.

The new packaging went through extensive testing to confirm that it stands up to our stringent standards for sterility and structural integrity.

Reducing and recycling contact lens waste: As part of a commitment to reduce its environmental footprint, Johnson Johnson Vision removed the plastic pouches on the outside of delivery boxes for all ACUVUE contact lenses in Europe.

This change, involving placing delivery notes inside orders without external packaging, will save tons of plastic across Europe every year.

In the UK, Johnson Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE Contact Lens Recycle Scheme, launched in 2019, has collected over 8.7 million lenses and recently expanded to increase capacity of lenses, blister packs and foils to be recycled each year.

ACUVUE offers the only contact lens recycling program in the UK, and its expansion was achieved through an agreement with TerraCycle, with Johnson Johnson Vision funding 3,500 Zero Waste Boxes in 2022 alone.

Zero Waste Boxes are distributed to partnering opticians’ stores to provide nationwide access to contact lens recycling for consumers, providing a simple, accessible solution for storing, shipping and recycling contact lens waste, including the lenses themselves, along with the original foil covers and blister packaging.

Between 2019 and 2022, Johnson Johnson Vision’s ACUVUE Contact Lens Recycle Scheme recycled more than 8 million pairs of contact lenses, blister packs and foils.

Collaborations on sustainable product and packaging: We are members of several organizations that promote sustainable packaging and circularity in our industry, including: The Healthcare Plastics Recycling Council, advancing plastics recyclability in healthcare The Sustainable Healthcare Coalition, a healthcare sector led group that inspires sustainable practices in healthcare and The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), which advances the transition to a circular economy across the pharma value chain as a key pillar of its activity.

Learn more about sustainable packaging solutions in Consumer Health.

Our R D teams continue to integrate principles of green chemistry and engineering to develop our medicines.

Janssen obtained FDA approval for our inline conditioning process installed at Janssen’s Ireland facility.

This process, already approved by the Ireland Health Products Regulatory Authority, was developed by the Janssen R D team as part of a new manufacturing installation to support a plant expansion.

Inline conditioning applies a unique approach to preparing, supplying and releasing solutions in real time to the manufacturing process, without the need for large scale storage capacity.

The traditional, manual batch approach to making buffers involves dissolving buffer components in large tanks filled with water and then, in some cases, transferring the solution into bags that are transported to the point of use.

Inline conditioning both saves time and reduces material, waste and energy use throughout the process.

Janssen improved the efficiency of the manufacturing process of an oligonucleotide API.

The API manufacturing process is highly complex and can involve more than 100 linear chemical steps, consuming high quantities of solvents and reagents.

Expanded process development and deep understanding of each chemical transformation and its engineering parameters upon scale up reduced the manufacturing process mass intensity, which resulted in halving the API manufacturing cycle time, as well as lowering manufacturing costs.

Without these significant process and yield improvements, patient access to this innovative medicine would have been restrictive both in terms of affordability, as well as annual manufacturing capacity.

Upstream and downstream process improvements in the manufacturing of REMICADE (infliximab) enabled a significant increase in batch yield, thereby improving the product’s environmental profile.

The new REMICADE manufacturing process enables a significant reduction in required batches to deliver the final product, thereby lowering the quantities of raw materials to deliver the same output.

We play an important role in supporting initiatives to reduce the potential impact of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in the environment.

We have a mature and robust program for managing PIE and our position can be found here.

We continued our active participation in the industry led Eco.

Pharmaco Stewardship program, which released the Responsible Manufacturing Effluent Technical Guidance document, used by the industry and Johnson Johnson to inform how we control the concentrations of APIs that may enter the environment from our manufacturing plants and those of our suppliers.

As a member of the Antimicrobial Resistance Industry Alliance.

We also joined the Innovative Medicines Initiative’s Prioritization and Risk Evaluation of Medicines in the Environment (PREMIER) project consortium, which brings together public and private sector organizations to proactively manage the potential environmental impact of medicines.

The initiative aims to design a novel information and assessment system for identifying and addressing environmental risks of medicines to support a new European standard for environmental protection.

Manufacturing Operator Isabelle V. demonstrates manual intervention on the Seidenader automatic inspection line where syringes are inspected.

Innovation is a critical engine of our long term business success and a driver of our positive contribution to sustainable development.

Across Johnson Johnson, we deliver innovation in multiple ways.

In our Pharmaceutical, MedTech and Consumer Health business segments, we combine innovative technologies with leading science to generate transformational solutions across the spectrum of healthcare (see section: Healthcare Innovation).

Throughout our global operations and supply chain, we deploy the most advanced technologies, including digital, to support our diverse healthcare portfolio, focusing on quality, reliability and efficiency in bringing our products and treatments to patients to enable better health outcomes.

Equally, we advance sustainability through our many technology driven innovations that support environmental efficiencies in our global supply chain.

Embracing advanced technologies: We are early adopters of the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) across our organization.

This approach is recognized by the World Economic Forum (WEF) Global Lighthouse Network that identifies leadership in 4IR technology deployment to transform factories, value chains and business models.

Of the 145 Global Lighthouse designations granted by the WEF, Johnson Johnson is privileged to have 11 Lighthouse designations more than any other company in the world.

Building on the digital revolution that preceded it, 4IR is marked by a shift from innovation made possible by artificial intelligence, robotics, autonomous vehicles, 3D printing, the Internet of Things and other breakthrough digital technologies to innovation based on a fusion of these technologies.

Janssen’s Cork site in Ireland was designated twice: first, in 2020, for incorporating 4IR technologies into daily manufacturing and supply chain operations, and again in 2022, for using 4IR to advance its sustainability efforts.

Advance Case Management end to end business model recognized.

Johnson Johnson partners with customers to manage inventory at the point of consumption in an effort to ensure the right orthopaedic implants for the right patient at the right time.

Janssen, Cork, Ireland: Received a Sustainability designation for the use of adaptive process controls to automatically adjust the chiller system for faultless operation and built a digital twin chiller loop that connects the plant with its energy provider, allowing it to share and monitor a single source of data to dramatically reduce the site’s carbon footprint.

Janssen, Latina, Italy: Deployed a streamlined continuous manufacturing line, which is fully automated and digitally connected to a similar mirror line located in the Janssen R D plant in Beerse, Belgium.

The twin lines connected by sensors, big data and digital analytics enable the quick and seamless transfer of products from R D to manufacturing, greatly accelerating time to market, as well as improving product process time and efficiency.

Consumer Health, Bangkok, Thailand: Adopted AI in quality inspections on LISTERINE filling lines, replacing a manual inspection process.

New AI modules on all filling lines learn the visual differences in bottle quality, enabling automatic identification of defective bottles to speed up the production process and reduce waste.

Our site can now ship LISTERINE directly from the packing line, more than halving lead times for customers.

Consumer Health, Mulund, India: Deployed 4IR solutions such as demand sensing, smart logistics, robotics and 3D printing to improve reliability, accelerate new product introductions by 33% and enhance cost effectiveness for customers.

Improving customer service with machine learning: We established the Janssen Track Trace Platform to drive proactive risk management and enhance the customer experience.

By using Internet of Things sensors with machine learning, we developed an industry leading Estimated Arrival Time capability that provides customers with a 10 minute delivery window, an unprecedented level of accuracy in predicting and informing customers when shipments will arrive.

This new capability is now live on the Johnson Johnson Customer Connect website and will be a game changer for personalized medicine and time sensitive products such as CAR T technology based cell therapies (see section: Pharmaceutical R D), hospital trauma kits and gene therapies.

Revolutionizing our transportation network using real time tools: Our implementation of a new Johnson Johnson Global Transportation Control Tower, covering contracted inter regional air and ocean transport and selected road transportation in our three business segments, has revolutionized transport planning efficiency, shipment visibility in transit and customer confidence in shipment status through real time communications.

The Control Tower, supported by our logistics partner, integrated hundreds of shipping sites, thousands of transportation lanes and dozens of ERP systems to form a single transport planning hub that offers several benefits, including end to end visibility of supply chain movements standardized procedures for shipment booking and management near real time performance reporting spend visibility and freight audit capabilities and continuous improvements through freight optimization, improved lead times and improved response times.

The Global Transportation Control Tower is an important step in our journey to become an agile, digital and unified transportation team across the globe.

It accelerates our reach to key markets, reduces our total spend and helps us monitor deliveries in real time to proactively resolve issues before they impact our customers.

Optimizing surgical inventories using real time data: Advance Case Management (ACM), our digitally enabled system to increase perioperative efficiency a priority for surgery centers and hospitals was further scaled in 2022 after two years of operation.

ACM digitally integrates electronic medical records, surgical schedules and patient health information to inform a proprietary AI driven algorithm that can accurately predict patient specific implant and surgical instrument needs based on patient joint sizing, biometrics and surgeon preference.

Using ACM, patient and procedure specific equipment is supplied to surgery centers and hospitals, enabling them to reduce overall J J MedTech inventory, minimize operating room setup time and achieve other efficiencies leading to higher equipment availability alongside cost savings.

ACM doubled its volume in 2022, supporting surgeons in more than 150 health systems around the U.S. and improving overall patient care.

Creating a smart Hot Room in China: At our J J MedTech Ethicon Suzhou Plant in China, the new smart Hot Room improves production efficiency, optimizes the production environment and reduces safety risks.

Ethicon employees operate the Hot Room using intelligent automation (IA) to complete hot degassing, an important process for suture production.

Employees have no need to enter the room at any stage, and by using Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tagging, they can track products end to end in real time, enabling a touchless and accurate supply chain to meet China’s growing demand for surgical sutures.

Automating new product development and launches: At J J MedTech, IA is used to create a tailored, robotic document drafting solution that accelerates new product launch timelines.

Previously, J J MedTech teams submitted thousands of pages of documents to regulators detailing device data and clinical study results when applying for new product authorization and, in many cases, different regulatory bodies require different data.

This meant that J J MedTech technical writers spent weeks reviewing extensive documentation to identify and collate the relevant content for regulatory submissions.

With the new tool, machine learning and natural language processing are used to deconstruct documents into structured data sets that automatically populate new documents for submission, requiring only minor manual additions.

This process increased efficiency, and has resulted in more concise documents an additional advantage that reduces turnaround time for the multiple language translations required for each document.

Because we launch products across several jurisdictions, everything isn’t always called the same thing or in the same order in required regulatory documentation.

We needed to create a solution that could use and gain knowledge to determine what data is being requested.

A critically important link in our value chain, Johnson Johnson’s supplier network underpins our business continuity and enables us to manufacture and deliver essential products and services to our patients, consumers and customers.

Guided by Our Credo values, we aim to maintain collaborative supplier relationships and encourage a broad diversity of suppliers to work with us.

Our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers, our Supplier Sustainability Program (SSP) and our Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion Program are core frameworks that underscore our interactions with suppliers, what we expect of them and how we support them.

Through our Partnerships for Good, we encourage our suppliers to join us in developing sustainable solutions to social and environmental challenges.

The vital role of a strong supply network is evident to all of us at Johnson Johnson.

The saying it takes a village could have been written for our supply chain although in our case, with tens of thousands of suppliers and Johnson Johnson employees across the globe, we are talking about a very large village But the point is clear: We could not achieve our goals without the dedication, collaboration, responsiveness and responsible conduct of all those who are engaged day in day out in helping us meet our commitments to our patients through the supply of products, goods, services and technologies to our organization.

Our responsible supply base ambitions are reflected in three Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

Progress in Supplier Sustainability Program 42,800 suppliers are included in one of the three Tiers, representing 93% of Johnson Johnson’s supply base.

Progress in Global Supplier Diversity and Inclusion Achieved and exceeded target in two consecutive years 2021 and 2022.

Partnerships for Good Established six total partnerships, including three partnerships in 2022 focused on women’s empowerment, packaging sustainability and fair chance employment.

Co developed a Women’s Empowerment program focused on ensuring women have equal professional access and growth opportunities.

Deployed recyclable e commerce ready pumps into the Johnson Johnson packaging portfolio.

Implemented hiring practices to remove common barriers experienced by justice impacted communities to build an equitable workforce.

Represents spend we have control over addressable spend, defined as products and services that procurement teams can negotiate with suppliers to meet business goals.

Our supply base is an extension of our business and an important link to our customers around the world.

In a large and diverse organization such as Johnson Johnson, setting clear expectations of suppliers across all aspects of their interactions with us enables the best outcomes for our Company, our suppliers and all those we serve.

Suppliers are critical to our mission of changing the trajectory of health for humanity, and we recognize the broad based impact these external partners have on our communities.

That is why we are committed to working with suppliers who not only provide the highest quality products and services, but who also share our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion sustainability and respecting human rights.

By working with suppliers who embrace these imperatives, we can drive even greater benefits for society.

To help us deliver on the high standards embodied in Our Credo, we seek relationships with suppliers who uphold the principles reflected in our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers.

These Standards outline our expectations on a number of important topics and are integral to our supplier selection process, helping us build a supply base that shares our commitment to strong ethics, quality and global citizenship.

The Standards are periodically updated to align with current best practices and our own internal advances.

Supplier Diversity, Equity Inclusion: Suppliers are expected to foster a culture of DEI within their own organizations and throughout their own supply bases.

Information Security: Suppliers are expected to rigorously manage their business activities, employ appropriate information security practices to safeguard data and systems and maintain business continuity.

Environmental Responsibility: Suppliers are expected to align with expanded requirements covering GHG reductions and the willingness to measure and publicly disclose data increased focus on energy efficiencies and integration of biodiversity considerations, recyclability and recycled material use.

We communicated the new Standards to our suppliers, supported by training and ongoing engagement.

We aim to work respectfully and collaboratively with all suppliers who engage with Johnson Johnson.

Our Supplier Sustainability Program (SSP) is a key tool to engage selected suppliers, requiring them to conform to our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers and regularly complete an assessment by EcoVadis, a recognized provider of business sustainability ratings for global supply chains.

We also encourage transparency among our largest suppliers, encouraging them to publicly disclose their environmental performance, including GHG emissions and water use to CDP.

Assessing and engaging suppliers on social risks: We continued to strengthen our processes and tools to assess, verify and address risks in our supply base as part of our compliance with laws and regulations and to check conformance to the Human and Labor Rights section of our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers.

Our human rights in the supply base work included targeted due diligence of existing and potential suppliers, including the use of on site SMETA (Pillar 4) audits and fuller investigations of potential high risk commodities and supply chains.

We also deployed two tech enabled risk assessment tools: (i) using AI to gain upstream supply chain visibility of potential high risk commodities, and (ii) embedding third party modern slavery metrics in our SSP to assess potential supplier risks.

In particular, we maintain multiple multiyear forest partnerships to enable the protection of tropical rainforests that are critical for climate mitigation, wildlife conservation and long term community well being.

We focus on palm oil, working with the Earthworm Foundation and BSR’s Action for Sustainable Derivatives initiative, and wood fiber products, working with the Rainforest Alliance, to build transparency in our sourcing and supply and engage our suppliers in responsible practices.

Examples of forest initiatives we continue to support include an initiative of the World Wildlife Fund to restore forests and protect more than 38,000 hectares of rainforest in Sumatra, Indonesia, and an initiative with the Forest Conservation Fund in Loreto, Peru, to prevent the deforestation of 10,000 hectares of pristine Amazon rainforest.

Conflict minerals: As members of the Responsible Minerals Initiative and in line with regulatory requirements, we remain committed to taking steps to determine the use, country of origin and source of tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold in our global product portfolio.

In 2022, we held the first dedicated human rights training session as part of our Onward Sustainability Training Program launched in 2021 and part of our SSP for suppliers, providing guidance on developing human rights policy commitments (see section: Human Rights).

Building supplier capabilities: In 2022 as part of Onward, Johnson Johnson Procurement and Sustainability managers, in collaboration with the British Standards Institute, introduced new content to more than 1,000 suppliers in 45 countries.

These sessions were designed to focus on specific practical areas for development such as measuring and reporting GHG emissions, starting a supplier diversity program and establishing health and safety policies for employees.

Our intention is not only to support our own suppliers so that they can help Johnson Johnson achieve our goals, but also to help suppliers drive responsible conduct through their own supply chains, resulting in greater efficiency, resilience and sustainable practice for a wide supply network.

Since launch, the Onward sessions have had more than 1,300 attendees from our global supply base.

Engaging suppliers in innovation: Johnson Johnson’s Supplier Enabled Innovation Program allows us to generate innovative solutions through engagement with our supply base using an innovation technology platform.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson’s Procurement organization held its second annual Supplier Enabled Innovation Awards event, recognizing the top innovations from these programs in 2021.

Manufacturing design improvement: Working with a supplier,.

J J MedTech was able to improve the performance of Ethicon’s flagship stapler by creating a new manufacturing process to deliver an enhanced design.

Enhancing precision marketing capabilities: Our OTC team in China worked with a supplier to generate unique data insights from consumer behavior data to help engage consumers and meet their needs more effectively.

Improving product sustainability: Johnson Johnson Consumer.

Health in Brazil partnered with several suppliers to develop a sanitary napkin under our SEMPRE LIVRE brand that uses 50% less plastic and includes a pouch component that is made of 100% recyclable paper.

Partnerships for Good: We executed three new Partnerships for Good in 2022, advancing our progress toward our Health for Humanity 2025 Goal to collaborate with suppliers to create 10 solutions that drive environmental, social and economic improvements, bringing our total to six Partnerships for Good to date.

Fair chance employment: This partnership with Kelly Services is designed to remove barriers to employment for contingent worker job candidates who may have been previously overlooked.

In this program, Kelly Services works with Johnson Johnson to evaluate existing policies on a job category basis and to craft and introduce new policies that eliminate unnecessary barriers and develop new contingent assignment postings with more inclusive language.

Recyclable pumps: This partnership with supplier Aptar enabled.

Johnson Johnson Consumer Health to launch a recyclable pump for our AVEENO brand in European markets with potential for expansion internationally.

With more than 100 million pumps used annually by AVEENO, this innovation has the potential to prevent huge volumes of plastic from entering our waste streams.

Women’s Empowerment Initiative: Working with supplier.

Sodexo, this partnership focuses on women’s empowerment in EMEA and APAC, aiming to promote equal access for women to growth and opportunities in our workplaces.

A program of initiatives, delivered jointly by Sodexo and Johnson Johnson, includes mentoring, coaching, job shadowing for women facing barriers to work, skilled volunteering opportunities and more.

Throughout our business, we source commodities and raw materials, some of which require heightened procurement focus due to critical environmental or biodiversity concerns or elevated human rights risks in the supply chain.

We work to understand the potential risks and impacts of our procurement activities in these areas and define appropriate standards and controls in responsible sourcing of commodities and raw materials of concern.

Our Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion program provides a platform for proactive outreach to diverse and small suppliers, collaboration with partners advancing supplier diversity and guidance to suppliers on how to engage with Johnson Johnson.

Now in the third decade of this program, we continue to realize the value that an inclusive supply base brings to our business, our people and our communities.

We have expanded our global footprint driving social and economic impact in 20 markets, including the U.S.

A key measure of our progress to advance supplier diversity is our Global Impact Spend, representing addressable spend with small and diverse suppliers globally and small businesses in the U.S.

Global Impact Spend was also one of our Health for Humanity 2025 Goals and was exceeded in 2021.

This Goal, while concluded, is confirmed as having been exceeded again in 2022.

For the 12th consecutive year, Johnson Johnson maintained membership in the Billion Dollar Roundtable, a group of companies that advance best practices for supplier diversity and that spend at least 1 billion annually with diverse owned suppliers.

We are really proud to partner with Johnson Johnson, recognizing them in 2022 at the very highest platinum level in our annual Global Champions of Supplier Diversity and Inclusion awards.

Johnson Johnson are amongst the best of the best globally in regards of inclusive spend.

Our partnership, now in its 11th year, continues to grow as we seek to jointly drive action to break down the barriers that prevent women business owners from accessing new market opportunities.

In 2022, the Global Supplier Diversity Inclusion team put additional focus on partnering with external advocacy partners to expand capability and capacity for diverse businesses.

Broadening diverse supplier capabilities to compete in a global market: Johnson Johnson sponsored the National Minority Supplier Development Council’s (NMSDC) Certificate of Excellence program, designed to broaden the capabilities of minority owned businesses to compete in a global environment.

During the nine month program, launched in 2022, more than 80 select NMSDC certified Women and Minority Business Enterprises benefited from coaching relationships with corporate leaders and mentors, as well as instructional seminars delivered by Rutgers Business School, subject matter experts from Johnson Johnson and multiple industry partners.

Johnson Johnson’s substantial support of diverse suppliers is an important indicator of their values.

As a sponsor of a cohort of the NMSDC Center of Excellence Certificate Program, Johnson Johnson is making a difference by investing in the growth of Minority Business Enterprises and Women Business Enterprises.

We are proud to partner with a company that has a long history of community engagement and corporate citizenship.

Expanded mentoring in manufacturing and logistics: Johnson Johnson also became a founding sponsor of the Diverse Manufacturing Supply Chain Alliance (DMSCA) Foundation.

This sponsorship enabled the organization to expand its training to incorporate digitalization modules and assessments to build the capabilities of suppliers.

We have been a corporate partner of DMSCA, a development program for diverse manufacturers and logistics suppliers, since 2009.

Building capacity for women of color owned businesses: Johnson Johnson sponsored two cohorts totaling close to 50 women in the Women’s Business Enterprise Council Metro NY and Greater DMV (District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia) Amplify program.

Amplify is a program uniquely designed to engage and support women of color in maximizing opportunities to scale their businesses.

I entered this program hoping to build on the foundational understanding of running a business as a solopreneur, and I received so much more.

I was able to expand my network and grow my business ... up 75% in revenue.

Supporting the development of advocacy bodies around the world: We support the development of advocacy bodies who help us to discover and certify diverse suppliers these are critical enablers to our program but also advance the adoption of supplier diversity and inclusion practices for other companies to drive even greater impact.

Developing minority owned supplier advocacy in Europe: Johnson Johnson became a founding member of the European Supplier Diversity Project (ESDP), an initiative led by Minority Supplier Development UK to support ethnic minority and migrant owned businesses.

ESDP aims to enable these businesses to certify and access opportunities in corporate supply chains.

The initiative was supported by research sponsored by Johnson Johnson that documents why an increasingly diverse Europe needs equality in procurement for ethnic minority entrepreneurs, who frequently suffer discrimination on the basis of their race or ethnicity.

In 2022, we also sponsored the Buy Social Europe initiative to support our strategy to procure from Social Enterprises, as well as a new relationship with Out Britain to support our procurement from businesses owned by members of the LGBTQ community.

Minority businesses help local economies thrive, create jobs and wealth, innovate and export, not to mention paying taxes.

Engaging with customers and suppliers to extend end to end impact: We expanded our impact across our value chain through reporting and engagements with customers in the U.S. We introduced a customer engagement program in partnership with internal groups, connecting with more than 50 major customers across healthcare systems to share best practices and support their efforts to address social determinants of health.

In addition, we grew our supplier Tier 2 spend reporting by 28% in 2022 through engagements with Johnson Johnson prime suppliers.

Our Board of Directors oversees our Company in accordance with Our Credo values, enabling us to put the patients we serve first and create value for society while maintaining a thriving business.

Our governance structure, policies and processes are designed to serve the needs of our business, our shareholders and other stakeholders and to promote a culture of accountability across the Enterprise.

For details of our corporate governance principles and approach, our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework, governance structures, Board Charters, organizational documents and all SEC filings, please see our Position on Corporate Governance and the Corporate Governance section on Johnson Johnson’s website.

For more than 13 decades, Johnson Johnson has shown that robust corporate practices, disciplined leadership and a values driven culture is a winning mix, underpinning long term value creation for our shareholders, patients, customers, partners and our employees around the world.

As we move into the next era of our Company’s history with the separation of our Consumer Health business, this reliable legacy of doing the right things in the right way positions us well to continue to deliver on Our Purpose of profoundly changing the future of health for humanity.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing execution of risk management duties and for assessing Johnson Johnson’s approach to risk management.

The Board reviews and discusses strategic, operational, financial and reporting risks, as well as non financial, or ESG, risks, including compliance, environmental, social (e.g., human capital management) and cybersecurity risks, leveraging the ERM Framework.

For more information, see section: ESG Governance).

We announced the appointment of Joaquin Duato as the 10th Chairman of the Johnson Johnson Board of Directors, in addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer, effective January 2023.

We also announced that Alex Gorsky would be stepping down from his role as Executive Chairman.

During the annual review of how the Board evaluates and mitigates risk, we concluded that our Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee was best positioned to oversee certain ESG matters alongside other complementary compliance matters.

In turn, the Science Technology Committee now oversees medical safety and devotes even greater attention to the Company’s product pipeline and evaluation of innovative technologies.

This restructuring helps ensure that our governance structure reflects the most important issues and opportunities facing Johnson Johnson.

The collaboration between the Compensation Benefits.

Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board was formalized to ensure that incentives and compensation are appropriately aligned with financial performance and Our Credo.

First published in 1943, Our Credo stipulates that paying taxes is our responsibility to the communities in which we live and work.

Johnson Johnson is committed to paying our fair share of taxes.

Our tax footprint evolves over time and reflects our healthcare activities and investments, including in research and development and manufacturing.

What has not changed or wavered is our commitment to good corporate citizenship, which we demonstrate through sustainable values and behaviors relating to tax governance, compliance, planning, risk management, relationship with governmental authorities and transparency, which are more fully described in our Johnson Johnson Tax Policy.

This Tax Policy was updated in 2022 to provide greater transparency regarding our tax governance, compliance, tax planning and incentives.

In 2022, Johnson Johnson contributed approximately 13.7 billion in taxes and fees to governments and economies around the world.

This Total Tax Contribution is made up of two components: Total Taxes Borne by the Company and Total Taxes Collected.

Taxes Borne are a direct cost to the Company, whereas Taxes Collected are collected from customers and employees on behalf of governments and ultimately remitted to them.

Our intent is to provide a comprehensive view of total taxes paid around the world.

Corporate Income Tax represents payments in all markets in which we operate and is the amount reported as Income Taxes Paid in the 2022 Annual Report.

Other taxes shown aggregate the Company’s data from 22 major markets that represent the vast majority of our revenues.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion.

Total Taxes Borne: In 2022, Johnson Johnson bore 7.7 billion in taxes around the world.

The taxes include corporate income taxes, the Company’s share of payroll and social insurance taxes and the Company’s share of sales and other taxes.

Sales taxes include sales, use and non recoverable value added tax.

Other taxes are primarily comprised of customs and other duties such as local taxes and special fees related to the pharmaceutical industry.

Total Taxes Collected: Additionally, in 2022 Johnson Johnson collected 6.0 billion related to the commerce the Company generates.

These collections were in the form of payroll and social insurance taxes from approximately 153,700 employees across the world, sales and use taxes and value added taxes.

These taxes are collected on behalf of governments from employees, customers and other business partners.

Taxes Collected are an important part of the measure of the contribution made by Johnson Johnson through job creation and business activities in the many countries in which we operate.

It should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and Annual Report on Form 10 K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings.

The values that guide our decision making are spelled out in Our Credo, which guides us to act ethically and within the laws that govern our businesses everywhere and at all times.

Supported by comprehensive policies, procedures and training programs, everyone at Johnson Johnson knows the value of doing the right thing.

Corporate Heroes Interactive Games strengthened our culture of accountability during Compliance Week 2022.

We embed Our Credo values throughout our Company to ensure all employees and contingent workers know their responsibilities to act in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and industry codes, as well as the Company’s internal standards and expectations for ethical and compliant conduct.

We use our biennial Our Credo Survey to assess how our values come to life across the Enterprise, which is supplemented in alternate years by the Our Voice Survey, which monitors employee sentiment related to many topics, including ethical business conduct.

Building on Our Credo values, Our Code of Business Conduct (CBC) and Health Care Compliance (HCC) policies list comprehensive ethical standards for decisions and actions in every market where we operate.

Mandatory CBC training is conducted every two years, and HCC training is conducted each year.

All new employees are assigned and required to complete CBC, HCC and other relevant required training.

Updating our compliance framework: We revised our HCC Framework to provide updated practical guidance on compliance with HCC guidelines based on the Ten Hallmarks of an Effective Compliance Program of the U.S. Department of Justice and to highlight specific focus on the role of our business leaders in setting a strong message at the top and continuing to drive a culture of accountability throughout our organization.

Annual compliance training: Our Enterprise HCC Annual Training encompasses the foundations of compliance using role based topics and scenarios to drive training effectiveness.

We design our training with the objective of ensuring learning is achieved, incorporating interactive challenges and a final assessment.

We evaluate learning transfer using our proprietary methodology, and in 2022, our evaluation showed that learning transfer proved to be statistically reliable for a third year in a row.

This indicates that critical thinking was required to answer the Enterprise HCC Annual Training assessment questions correctly and that passing the assessment was not simply the result of guesswork.

In 2022, the Johnson Johnson Enterprise HCC Annual Training Measuring Effectiveness methodology was awarded the prestigious Brandon Hall Gold Award for Best Advance in Compliance Training, along with a Silver Award for Best Advance in Learning Measurement.

Reinforcing our culture of accountability: Throughout 2022, our communication and training efforts focused on strengthening the culture of accountability with several initiatives, including communications from leadership ethical leadership workshops using situational cases and training to assist in preventing, detecting and correcting non compliant behavior, as well as the Compliance Week 2022 Initiative containing interactive games, contests, and appealing communication materials to support culture building initiatives under the tagline People Follow People.

Number of warning letters or untitled letters issued by OPDP or APLB in the U.S.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

OPDP: Office of Prescription Drug Promotion APLB: Advertising and Promotional Labeling Branch of the FDA Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Johnson Johnson Triage Committee and case investigators have the ability to change the issue type of the cases upon receipt in Our Credo Integrity Line.

This occurred for no more than 16% of cases in 2022.

The Our Credo Integrity Line provides a channel for all employees, contractors, customers, third party agencies and other partners to report potential violations of the CBC, other Company policies or the applicable laws and regulations in the countries of operation.

The 2022 increase in Human Resources inquiries and complaints to Our Credo Integrity Line is a result of a period of significant organizational change.

Continuous improvement in anti corruption controls: We aim to achieve continuous improvement vigilance, governance, controls and processes to prevent corruption in any part of our business.

Following our completion of the Transparency International UK (TI UK) Corporate Anti Corruption Benchmark in 2022, a comprehensive self assessment tool that measures and compares the performance of anti corruption programs across companies, we continued to engage in quarterly meetings with TI UK and other companies participating in the benchmark to share insights and discuss best practices.

Learn more about our anti corruption disclosures (NBIM) in our 2022 ESG Disclosure Index.

Johnson Johnson was named in 2022 for the fifth consecutive year to the CPA Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability with Trendsetter status.

Independent assessment of external research proposals: Since 2014, we have been working with the Yale University Open Data Access (YODA) Project to enable a consistent approach for the independent assessment of external research proposals requesting the use of clinical trial data generated by Johnson Johnson companies.

As of 2022, 301 research proposals have been reviewed and 85 articles published using data shared through the YODA Project, enabling researchers to create new insights that advance science and medicine and lead to improvements in public health.

Johnson Johnson continues to demonstrate its support of expanding the reach of clinical trial data and, in 2022, joined the Vivli Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Data Register (see section: Antimicrobial Resistance).

We collaborate with NYU School of Medicine to support Janssen decision making for investigational medicine requests, also known as compassionate use or pre approval access.

The Compassionate Use Advisory Committee (CompAC), comprising ethicists, physicians and patient representatives independently selected by NYU, provides recommendations to Janssen on pre approval access plans and individual requests received at Janssen.

CompAC affirms Johnson Johnson’s commitment to ensuring a transparent, ethical and objective approach to reviewing compassionate use requests.

Since 2015, Janssen has provided access to almost 8,000 patients globally through its Pre Approval Access (PAA) Program.

In 2022, we further advanced transparency by providing, for the first time, a list of potential treatment options available per country or territory on Janssen.com.

Keeping bioethics on the agenda: Our Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO) sponsors the Johnson Johnson Bioethics Committee (JJBC), which advises our global teams on ethical issues, in alignment with our Ethical Code of Conduct for R D. In 2022, the JJBC continued to advise many Johnson Johnson teams on ethical questions related to research, access to investigational medicines and data transparency conducted workshops on bioethics principles and launched a bioethics related mentoring program for employees.

JJBC members undertook professional ethics training with Fellowships at Auschwitz for the Study of Professional Ethics (FASPE).

In addition, OCMO sponsored the Harvard Multi Regional Clinical Trials Bioethics Collaborative a bioethics colloquium convened by NYU and the New York Academy of Sciences and co founded and co chairs the Bioethics Community within DIA, a global organization advancing life sciences networks.

Promoting animal welfare: Research involving animals has led to major medical advances and will continue to be an important part of further discoveries until viable non animal alternatives are developed and accepted.

Year after year, we utilize non animal alternatives whenever possible and work with regulatory bodies to gain acceptance of appropriate non animal alternatives.

Johnson Johnson is committed to the 3Rs principles for the ethical treatment of animals involved in biomedical research replacing, reducing and refining their use whenever possible.

Our Global Animal Welfare Officer is responsible for ensuring adherence to and monitoring our animal welfare standards, supported by many R D professionals who are certified in different aspects of veterinary medicine and animal welfare.

As part of our commitment to the ethical and humane treatment of laboratory animals under our care, we hold an annual 3Rs awards program to recognize our teams’ outstanding achievements in replacing, reducing and refining the use of animals in the fields of biomedical research, education or training.

In 2022, the winning innovation advanced the use of donated human cadavers to avoid animal use in HCP training on medical devices.

We are transparent about our animal welfare practice and engage widely to inform, share and work toward improving public policy on animal testing.

For example, in 2022, Janssen’s Beerse site in Belgium welcomed the Animal Welfare Committee from the Flemish Parliament and a number of other stakeholders from the life sciences ecosystem.

Visitors toured the animal facilities and engaged in discussions around Janssen’s animal welfare policy and alternatives that could reduce animal testing.

Guided by Our Credo values, we respect and promote human rights across our operations, through our business relationships and in the communities in which we operate.

Focus Areas: In line with the UNGPs, we focus our efforts in areas where the potential and actual risk of adverse human rights impacts linked to our business is most significant.

In 2022, we established a four pillar framework to guide our human rights priority focus areas and related action plans.

The Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee (RCSC) of the Board of Directors provides oversight of management’s approach to respecting human rights.

In 2022, the RCSC received an update outlining the continued evolution of the Company’s approach to human rights and external regulatory and stakeholder developments.

Governance: Johnson Johnson’s Enterprise Human Rights Governance Council (EHRGC), established in 2019, is comprised of a cross functional group of senior leaders representing key functions and oversees the Company’s approach to human rights, including setting priority focus areas and implementing action plans on an annual basis.

The EHRGC is supported with direction and guidance from our Chief Sustainability Officer and our Worldwide Vice President of Legal Strategy Operations and Risk Management.

Improving human rights due diligence: We continually evolve and strengthen our broad based human rights due diligence process.

In 2022, we worked with ERM, an independent sustainability consultancy, to develop a risk identification tool to better identify geographies and sites at a potentially higher risk of adverse human rights impacts within Johnson Johnson’s own operations and facilities.

The tool will be deployed in 2023 to prioritize targeted due diligence reviews.

In our supply base, we continued to assess human rights risks in our supply chain through the use of tools such as EcoVadis self assessments from suppliers in our SSP and supplier audits.

We also updated our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers (RSS), which strengthened guidance on how suppliers should establish policies and management systems to identify and address human rights impacts, and we provided training for suppliers on the RSS updates (see section: Supplier Engagement).

We prohibit the use of any forced or bonded labor in the manufacture of any product, or any component of a product, as outlined in our Anti Human Trafficking Policy and Employment of Young Persons Policy.

In 2022, we established an Anti Modern Slavery work stream to advance our due diligence efforts in this area.

We worked with Impactt a consulting firm specializing in ethical trade and human rights to support us in developing a suite of modern slavery due diligence materials such as training materials, a supplier assessment questionnaire and investigation guidelines.

We also integrated Verisk Maplecroft risk indicators on Modern Slavery into our Supplier Risk Management system to identify potentially higher risk suppliers.

This work will inform further due diligence in 2023.

The risk of modern slavery in supply chains is critical for companies to consider in their approach to respecting human rights.

We have been working in collaboration with Johnson Johnson on its due diligence approach to identify and respond to potential modern slavery risks in the supply base.

Maintaining a living wage: In line with our commitment to fair working conditions, we continued in 2022 to implement an annual living wage assessment in collaboration with Business for Social Responsibility (BSR) to ensure employees in all the countries in which we operate receive pay that is both market competitive and sufficient to attain a sustainable standard of living.

As in previous years, we made a small number of wage adjustments in countries to ensure our living wage standards were met.

Capability building: All Johnson Johnson employees and certain categories of contingent workers are assigned and required to complete the Code of Business Conduct training, available in 27 languages, every two years.

This training includes guidance related to human rights.

Furthermore, our Foundational Human Rights Learning and Education course is available to all employees globally.

At the end of 2022, more than 3,400 employees and contingent workers key to our human rights program had completed the module.

In 2022, 93% of Johnson Johnson Procurement employees completed mandatory human rights training.

Collaborating to advance human rights: We continue to participate in various external platforms to share insights and good practices across industry, including Shift’s Business Learning Program, BSR’s Human Rights Working Group and the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative Human Rights and Labor Working Group.

Learn more about our approach and frameworks to respecting human rights in our Position on Human Rights, our Responsibility Standards for Suppliers and related ESG Policies Positions.

For our grievance mechanism, see section Ethics Compliance.

Johnson Johnson reaches patients and consumers across the world with our medicines, medical technologies and consumer health products.

Their safety when using our products is a critical priority for Johnson Johnson: We insist on quality and safety at every stage of product development, manufacturing, supply chain and commercialization.

We have a bold ambition to be at the leading edge in our industry with a quality and compliance organization enabled by a fully connected digital ecosystem and highly competent people who are skilled in managing and addressing all aspects of the quality spectrum.

The future of healthcare will increasingly rely upon digital solutions, and we have been continually evolving our systems and our teams to embrace digital technology that support consistent quality, compliance and positive experiences with our products for patients, consumers and customers.

Reinforcing our commitment to quality, all employees are required to take our interactive e Learning Quality Management Framework course.

The course informs employees about our quality management systems and provides examples of roles and responsibilities that help maintain quality across Johnson Johnson and how everyone, in every role, should play a part.

Our commitment to quality, safety and reliability is the basis for everything we do.

Our Quality Policies and Quality Standards cover the lifecycle of our products from R D to the patient and consumer experience.

They provide a framework and common foundation of quality expectations and help ensure a reliable supply of high quality products across all our business segments in the markets we serve.

Transforming quality processes with digital solutions: Many tasks in Quality Compliance are transactional, and to date, much employee time has been spent on manual processes.

Automating manual tasks by applying intelligent analytical tools allows employees to tackle higher value tasks such as data driven proactive decision making and assessing larger data sets to further advance preventive quality management and create valuable product and patient insights.

Installed a new data portal to increase access to Quality.

Compliance data sources and improve agility through quality insights, analytical data tools and dashboards across all business segments.

Achieved considerable efficiencies through the automation of manual processes, enabled by IA applications, in combination with data insights and natural language processing solutions.

Developed new digital tools to assist in simplifying and improving the quality of literature, document and report reviews capturing product insights from complaints improving product release cycle time through transparency planning and managing sample and process flows.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management’s Assertion and PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from market per total globally manufactured, based on field action removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board, and aligned by Johnson Johnson Enterprise Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and, in certain cases, will cause serious adverse health consequences.

The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Refreshing our Quality Compliance Competency Model: This model prioritizes upskilling our people to prepare them for proactive and capable quality management in a digitally enabled future.

It encourages employees to actively participate in their individual career journey and promotes a culture of continuous and innovative learning.

Johnson Johnson’s Quality Compliance Competency Model has two core categories, nine core competencies and four proficiency levels per competency.

Employees around Johnson Johnson engaged with our Quality Month in multiple in person and virtual events across all our communication channels.

Employees from Janssen India engaged in Quality Month.

From left to right: Mahadev Desai, Shivani Ganesh Nalavade and Saurabh Dole.

Introducing a new quality model for better customer experience: Customer Experience Engineering (CxE) is a new proactive quality model and capability that supports the involvement of our Quality Compliance organization in technical improvements for products and services.

CxE focuses entirely on the experiences of our customers and is led by internal Quality experts who can make a practical contribution to solving product challenges.

With several projects in the pipeline, CxE promises to help transform the experience of patients, physicians and surgeons by enhancing our product and delivery quality with tangible customer outcomes.

For example, in 2022, the Quality Compliance CxE team engaged with the J J MedTech DePuy Synthes team to solve a challenge relating to its PUREVUE Visualization System, which is used for arthroscopic procedures.

When the system’s camera lens began to fog up during procedures, temporarily clouding the visualization of the operating area, the CxE team visited surgeons to witness the issue in real time in operating rooms and contributed to a new design solution that significantly improved the temporary visualization issue.

Digital transformation: Using digital to enable our employees, customers and patients.

Strategy: Leading the way in end to end patient, consumer and customer experiences enabled by a fully integrated digital ecosystem.

Innovation: Innovating through the use of digital tools to enhance customer success.

Learning: Driving learning and engagement beyond Quality Month to build a digitally enabled workforce for the future.

The Quality Compliance Capability Framework, including the Competency Model, developed with wide collaboration across Johnson Johnson, is aligned with our Enterprise approach to learning and development and provides an advanced platform to ensure our employees are developing within the critical capabilities needed most to deliver on our Quality Compliance strategic goals, including strengthening the Quality Compliance talent pipeline.

Judith Boateng and Katherine Buitrago participate in Quality Month from our Raritan, New Jersey site.

At Johnson Johnson, we recognize our fundamental responsibility is to provide patients, consumers and healthcare providers with products that are as effective and safe as possible.

We take an evidence and science based, ethics and values driven approach to medical safety, putting patient and consumer well being first and foremost in our decision making and actions.

The Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO) is a global, functionally independent group of medical and scientific professionals working across Johnson Johnson to guide excellence in product safety and development across our three business segments.

We apply our expertise in safety science, epidemiology and bioethics to inform evidence and science based product decisions that put people first.

OCMO also chairs the Pharmaceutical Development Committee, which reviews product development plans to ensure that our products address unmet needs and benefit the people who will ultimately use them.

Our Healthcare for Women 2025 Goal reflects the growing importance of RWD in improving health outcomes.

Sex as a biologic variable, as women have traditionally been underrepresented in medical research.

Primary contributing publications include the following studies: New Jersey maternal mortality dashboard: an Interactive social determinants of health tool (27 million data points representing female residents) and Sex differences in sequelae from COVID 19 Infection and in long COVID Syndrome: a review (600,000 female participants).

At Johnson Johnson, leading OCMO provides me and our entire team with the opportunity to make a far reaching and lasting contribution to improving patients’ lives by delivering the most advanced methods to assure product safety in our Company and across our industry.

OCMO, in collaboration with many internal and external groups, advanced multiple initiatives to improve medical safety, including innovative RWD methods to generate reliable real world evidence about patient health outcomes across numerous initiatives spanning pharmaceutical products, vaccines, medical devices and Consumer Health products.

Improving access to critical medical devices using RWD: We conducted RWD studies to inform clinical and regulatory safety decision making in two key areas: evaluating the safety of our TFN ADVANCED Proximal Femoral Nailing System compared to other nail implants to treat hip fractures and evaluating the potential risk of cancer and reproductive issues associated with cobalt containing devices.

These studies are important to provide information on the safety and effectiveness of these devices, which provide life changing healthcare for thousands of patients in different parts of the world.

Janssen participated, along with industry experts and regulators, in the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) Expert Working Group on development of the ICH E19 Guideline that aims to support large scale efficacy and safety clinical trials.

Advancing the safety of children: The safety of children has always been a priority for Johnson Johnson in R D and across our OTC medicines.

Treatment for children suffering from active psoriatic arthritis (PsA): OCMO’s Child Health Innovation Leadership Department (CHILD) supported Janssen’s clinical development team in the design and execution of a pediatric safety study to evaluate the safety of a new treatment option for pediatric patients with active PsA.

The generated data, now in our label, supported a much needed treatment option to enable children suffering from PsA to live a fuller life.

Spearheading medication safety and education: Health education programs can help families protect small children from accidental unsupervised ingestion of medicines, a frequent occurrence that often requires emergency treatment.

In 2022, OCMO collaborated with Young Minds Inspired to develop educational resources to teach youth about OTC medicine safety, worked with the nonprofit Safe Kids Worldwide to implement a medication safety program with tools and tips for parents about safe storage and dosing of medicine and continued to advance safe pill storage innovation in collaboration with the CDC PROTECT Initiative and QuickFire Challenge Awardee Gatekeeper Innovation Inc.

The winning QuickFire Challenge concept, which reinvented the traditional pill minder for improved safety, functionality and patient adherence, is anticipated for commercialization in 2023.

We sympathize deeply with patients and their families and appreciate that they are seeking answers.

However, the science and the facts show that their illnesses were not caused by their use of our talcum based products.

For more information, please see factsabouttalc.com.

Talc transition: In 2022, Johnson Johnson Consumer Health made the commercial decision to transition to an all cornstarch based baby powder portfolio as part of a larger portfolio assessment.

As a result of this transition, talc based JOHNSON’S Baby Powder will be discontinued globally in 2023.

Promoting maternal health: OCMO supported the advancement of maternal health and maternal health equity in the U.S. through continued guidance to clinical teams in conducting evidence generation activities that include women, as well as pregnant and lactating women, and collective action to close the Black maternal health equity gap.

Through this work, we are accelerating sex disaggregated data, uncovering insights that can improve care and outcomes for women and offering evidence so that pregnant people and their providers can make informed decisions about the safe use of Johnson Johnson products.

Accelerating women centric science by further shifting from sex biased to more sex inclusive science and data to provide treatment and innovation that is specifically tailored for women.

OCMO collaborated with different groups within Johnson Johnson to provide sex differentiated analyses on immunologic, neurologic and other conditions to understand the experiences that men and women have and how altering the approach to treatment might enhance the health of both sexes.

Through our Healthcare for Women Health for Humanity 2025 Goal, we delivered nine publications that provide sex differentiated analyses for long COVID, psoriasis and other conditions.

Advancing pregnancy and lactation science through the.

Johnson Johnson Pregnancy and Lactation Advisory Group (JJ PAL), composed of experts across 14 functions to support the planning of evidence generation activities in pregnant and lactating people.

JJ PAL progressed in several areas in 2022, including nine internal consultations to product teams to help improve designing and interpreting evidence related to safe use of medication during pregnancy or lactation delivering a searchable inventory of global RWD sources for studying medication use during pregnancy and lactation co chairing a National Academy of Science, Engineering, and Medicine Workshop to facilitate inclusion of pregnant and lactating people in clinical research and initiating a survey of pregnant, postpartum and lactating persons in the U.S. to better understand opportunities for increased inclusion of pregnant and lactating people in clinical trials.

Improving maternal health outcomes for Black women through several activities that included initiating an effort to design a care model that reimagines the role of the front office staff as patient connectors, advocates and critical members of the care team initiating an effort to elevate representation of Black people in medical illustrations and continuing to advance multiple pilot projects to investigate the creation of digital tools to help advance maternal healthcare services for Black women and birthing people.

Enhancing the patient voice in clinical studies: We are co leading the Innovative Medicines Initiative PREFER project, a five year project to establish recommendations for industry regulatory authorities and Health Technology Assessment bodies on how and when to use patient preferences on benefits and risks of medicinal products in decision making.

PREFER released a detailed framework and recommendations for industry, regulators and health technology assessment bodies on the assessment and use of patient preferences in medical product decision making.

The PREFER framework received formal qualification from the EMA and the European Network for Health Technology Assessment (EUnetHTA).

The EMA qualification of the PREFER framework is significant because it will enable a more explicit pathway for stakeholders to engage with the EMA on conducting patient focused, structured benefit risk assessments.

It will also help to grow the acceptability of such studies as part of clinical and regulatory decisions around the world.

In 2022, we co authored a new report from the Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) with recommendations to involve patients throughout the lifecycle of medicines.

For Johnson Johnson, trade in counterfeit products is enormously concerning.

Counterfeit healthcare products place people the very people we aim to help at risk of adverse events, serious health problems and potentially death.

Fake medical products undermine confidence in product quality, safety and reliability, which, at Johnson Johnson, are at the center of everything we do.

Ongoing, we continue to deploy holistic brand protection programs to enhance our value chain integrity and to disrupt the illicit supply chain.

We partner internally across functions and also engage widely in an array of national and international trade groups, industry alliances, organizations, law enforcement agencies, educational coalitions and other groups that share our determination to eliminate counterfeiting globally.

We constantly strive to adopt new ways of monitoring and detecting illicit trade through enhanced product security and analytics.

Advanced technologies are critical in addressing the growing sophistication of illicit trade, especially in online marketplaces.

Our 24 7 online monitoring includes more than 780 global marketplaces, 108 dark web locations, 24 social media sites and more than 294,000 unique domains.

We investigate bad actors and seek to stop the flow of illicit trade by sharing relevant information with law enforcement to assist in tracking down and prosecuting those who are endangering patients through illicit trading activities.

Guided by Our Credo, we aim to safeguard patients and our brand reputation against the risks posed by illicit trade, which includes product counterfeiting, tampering and illegal diversion.

Protecting patients and consumers against counterfeit versions of our products is essential in promoting worldwide access to beneficial healthcare and our genuine Johnson Johnson products.

We continue to record our trademarks with customs and border protection agencies to help eliminate illicit versions of our products from crossing borders around the world.

We conduct specialized training for various national and international law enforcement agencies across the globe.

In 2022, we conducted 104 training sessions that led to 24 related seizures of illicit trade shipments in various regions.

During 2022, we continued to reinforce our programs and engage widely across our markets, including with regulatory bodies, to protect our patients by combating fake products and illicit trade.

For example, throughout the first half of 2022, Johnson Johnson was actively involved in an investigation into a counterfeit HIV medication ring and filed suit against a number of distributors and pharmacies who were involved with this scheme.

On June 17, the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) announced the arrest and indictments of two individuals for allegedly distributing more than 230 million in adulterated HIV drugs to unsuspecting patients across the U.S. We continue to engage with the DoJ and law enforcement in ongoing investigations.

J J MedTech’s Ethicon created a compelling educational campaign targeting healthcare facilities to raise awareness about risks of counterfeit medical devices to patients and how to prevent their introduction into the supply chain.

Informational materials were distributed and promoted by Ethicon’s sales force using various channels for example, Ethicon presented information about how the illegal gray market is a conduit to counterfeit products to 1,300 attendees at the American Society for Healthcare Risk Management (ASHRM) 2022 Annual Conference.

This was the first time this topic had ever been presented at ASHRM to an influential audience of healthcare risk professionals, and we hope this will lead to further engagement and collaboration to combat illicit trade.

We believe in maintaining a proactive information security strategy to protect information assets against deliberate or inadvertent threats to safeguard our business.

Ensuring availability of critical systems and preventing unintended or unauthorized access to business and personal information is foundational to our business continuity and the people who rely on Johnson Johnson each day.

Similarly, Johnson Johnson is committed to data privacy and ensuring that protecting personal information is integral to our core way of operating.

In addition to our Code of Business Conduct and compliance with the laws that apply to our operating companies’ handling of personal information, we maintain robust data privacy controls to protect the personal information of our employees, customers, partners and all those who entrust their information to us.

The complex patchwork of compliance obligations and active regulatory enforcement in many international markets imposes greater demands on data protection and cyber professionals to design the right type of governance models and solutions to ensure that Johnson Johnson can compliantly pursue its data related initiatives across the globe.

Enhancing protection against cyber risk in critical pharmaceutical research: We improved the cyber posture of multiple Pharmaceutical R D sites, deploying additional cyber capabilities to protect both systems and data.

These actions improved the protection of Company IP and the resilience of our R D environments in meeting the needs of our healthcare partners and patients, reduced the potential for R D to be negatively affected by a cyber event and increased the protection of Company IP.

New capabilities included technology implementations in research and laboratory environments to provide increased visibility to the security posture of R D systems and detection of potential cyber threats.

Expanding cyber capabilities: Through both investments in new capabilities and strategic partnerships, we improved the security of company products, data and systems.

Our initiatives included a strategic investment in technology from an industry leading security provider to enhance the security of our medical device product suite, the deployment of new capabilities supporting continued adoption of zero trust principles for increased cyber protection of both the Company and our customers and deployment of advanced AI supported tools to better detect and block security threats.

Protecting personal information: We continued our commitment to protecting personal information of our consumers, clinical research participants and employees, expanding our efforts to ensure compliance with growing legal and regulatory data protection requirements that broaden the protection of individual data subject rights.

At the same time, we continued to participate in industry associations and external forums to help shape new regulations under review on cross border data flows, data localization and other healthcare initiatives in the privacy and cybersecurity space.

We also supported data science and digital initiatives, including defining standards for anonymization, pseudonymization and de identification, to increase our ability to compliantly leverage data insights and promote digital health solutions in our sectors.

We made progress on various key privacy processes designed to consistently support the rights of consumers and patients for the management of their personal data and delivered privacy support to ensure successful completion of major deals.

Reinforcing our cybersecurity and privacy frameworks: To ensure continuous evaluation and enhancement of the Johnson Johnson cybersecurity program, we periodically undertake program maturity assessments and pursue security certifications.

By way of example, in 2022, we engaged an independent third party to conduct a maturity assessment against the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, providing a current view of program maturity and areas for continued improvement.

We also obtained ISO 27001 certification for the environment supporting the Johnson Johnson CAR T immunotherapy offering in EMEA, extending the number of certifications we hold for a range of Company products.

In parallel, we monitor the introduction of new standards such as ISO 31700 covering Privacy by Design, which was released in early 2023, to evaluate the requirements and technical controls needed for the certification process.

Enhancing cyber awareness: Through 2022, we offered our employees around the globe various opportunities to improve their cyber awareness and learn more about smart cyber practices in innovative ways.

One example is our CyberEscape online escape rooms, which attracted hundreds of employees who worked in teams to solve a series of basic cyber challenges and puzzles in different escape room scenarios, raising their cybersecurity knowledge.

Additionally, alongside our ongoing information security and privacy training for all employees, in 2022, we expanded our Johnson Johnson PhishSmarts phishing simulation program.

This program provides quarterly simulated phishing emails and follow up to help employees better detect real phishing attempts and defend against phishing email threats, which pose a potential risk to our organization.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Three generations of women in STEM share their knowledge and experiences on how to inspire more girls to pursue careers in science and technology, reduce existing barriers and increase the number of female role models in these industries.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

The 2021 2022 cumulative number reflects this update.

This number does not always reflect donations by regional Johnson Johnson operating companies to local partners.

Ensures our first responsibility is to the patients, doctors and nurses, mothers and fathers, and all others who use our products and services.

Provides an inclusive work environment where each employee is considered as an individual.

Acts responsibly to the communities in which we live and work and the world community as well.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies, and individuals on long term disability are excluded.

Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from Global Employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Fixed term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on fixed term contracts.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Where the value for Declined to answer rounded to zero, we excluded from the reported table.

Other is defined as employees who self reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races.

Due to overlapping spend between categories, Johnson Johnson returned to a consolidated reporting approach for learning and development.

We are working to include training data from additional sources available in future.

Where training durations were not included, we applied estimates based on training type.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record) are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson Johnson employee.

Rate calculation methodology uses both actual and estimated data on miles driven.

We collect Safe Fleet data on employees who drive Company owned or leased and personally owned vehicles for Company business.

Employees in the latter category are those who: 1) drive for Company business as a regular part of their job duties, and 2) receive a car allowance to purchase their own vehicle and or are reimbursed for vehicle expenses such as fuel, maintenance, insurance and other miscellaneous charges associated with vehicle upkeep.

See GHG Air Emissions, Electricity and Water Data.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Europe includes Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

North America includes the United States and Canada only.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

This threshold for restatement deviates from the one included in the About This Report section.

We do not currently use purchases, sales or transfers of offsets in our GHG accounting.

Gases covered in these calculations include CO2, CH4, N2O and HFCs.

Perfluorinated chemicals, sulfur hexafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride do not result from our operations.

Electricity emission factors are obtained from the International Energy Agency’s CO2 Emissions from Fuel Combustion Report the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA's) eGRID publication for location based Scope 2 reporting, and supply contracts and residual emission factors, where available, for market based Scope 2 reporting.

Fuel emission factors are obtained from the EPA Climate Leadership publication.

Global Warming Potentials are obtained from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fifth Assessment Report.

The chosen consolidation approach for emissions is operational control.

Where more specific primary data were able to be obtained, they were used in place of the IO calculation methodology.

This value was used to calculate 2022 emissions from Employee Commuting.

Year over year trend may be due to methodology adjustments.

Emissions were calculated using International Energy Agency (IEA) loss factors for electricity and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) WTT emission factors for fuels and electricity.

GHG covered in these calculations include CO2 only for the 2021 calendar year, the most up to date available.

We have identified a level of uncertainty around the reporting boundary, and the reported value is potentially overstated.

Emissions from the Use of Sold Products and the End of Life Treatment of Sold Products were calculated using sales volumes for all Johnson Johnson products combined with lifecycle assessment (LCA) models where sales volumes could be obtained where they could not be obtained, sales revenues and average unit prices were used to estimate volumes.

Due to the size of our product portfolio, LCAs were not performed for every Johnson Johnson product, so products were placed into LCA categories, and a representative product LCA was applied.

Based on fuel and electricity reduction calculations.

Avoidance of energy consumption and GHG emissions calculated by comparing energy consumption before project implementation and expected consumption after implementation using engineering estimates at the time the projects are approved through an internal process.

Grey water Other water sources are considered as the Other water’ category.

The decrease in sites with ISO 14001 certifications is driven in part by a decrease in overall Johnson Johnson owned manufacturing and R D sites.

The authorities include regional, national, state country province and local city regulatory agencies.

It does not include fines assessed and or under negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022.

Root cause analysis has been performed as needed and corrective actions have been identified.

Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in countries outside the U.S.

See PwC’s Report of Independent Accountants and Management's Assertion and PwC's Report of Independent Accountants in previous Health for Humanity Reports.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to the totals provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

U.S. suppliers can be classified as Tier 1 diverse and small business.

The Tier 1 diverse small business overlap is removed to avoid double counting of the spend.

Total Tier 1 diverse supplier spend in the U.S. (billions) counts the spend with each supplier once.

We expect suppliers and potential suppliers to address critical findings immediately.

It should be read in conjunction with the Company’s tax information filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including in the most recently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and Annual Report on Form 10 K. This tax information is supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the information reported in the Company’s SEC filings.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Brand protection awareness is included in both of these mandatory trainings to raise understanding and awareness of illicit trade issues among all employees.

Supplemental brand protection training is also available to stakeholders and is reflected in the number above.

Reported progress against each Health for Humanity 2025 Goal (cumulative 2021 2022) VERMOX (mebendazole) doses donated (millions) (2022) Patients Reached by J J Impact Ventures (JJIV) portfolio companies funds since date of investment (number) (2022 as of 31 December 2022).

Healthcare Professionals (HCPs) Supported by JJIV portfolio companies since date of investment (number) (2022 as of 31 December 2022).

Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in the Report or on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com.

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

J J is responsible for preparing the Report for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the selected information.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J J on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with J J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.

We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than J J for the conclusions we have reached.

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the selected information for the disclosures listed under Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information including review of the reporting principles, boundaries, definitions and internal guidelines for each of the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals.

A review of external media reporting relating to J J to identify issues in the reporting period that may be relevant to the assurance scope.

Interviews with management representatives and other staff to understand and evaluate the relevant management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected information.

A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the selected information.

A review of the GHG and renewable energy data to confirm consistency with the findings of our separate GHG and renewable energy verification engagement including completeness and consistency.

Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com to ensure consistency with our findings.

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the nature of some of the Health for Humanity 2025 Goals dependence on partner organisations to provide performance information, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions and extrapolations in determining the Selected information.

It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015.

Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work.

Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.

Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes and provides no consultancy related services to Johnson Johnson Inc in any respect.

We have provided J J with a separate management report with our detailed (non material) findings and recommendations.

ERM Certification Verification Services Incorporated ( ERM CVS ) was engaged by Johnson Johnson ( J J ) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below and presented in the J J’s 2022 Health for Humanity Report (the Report ) and on healthforhumanityreport.jnj.com as set out below.

Whether the 2022 corporate data for the following selected indicators are fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

GHG Emissions Total absolute Scope 1 GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e Total absolute Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location based and market based calculation methods metric tonnes CO2e.

Total offsets applied to reporting year metric tonnes CO2e Net Scope 1 Scope 2 (market based) GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e Absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions metric tonnes CO2e for each of the following.

Johnson Johnson’s internal reporting criteria and definitions. categories: Category 1 Purchased goods and services Category 2 Capital goods Category 3 Fuel and energy related activities Category 4 Upstream transportation and distribution Category 5 Waste generated in operations Category 6 Business travel Category 7 Employee commuting Category 8 Upstream leased assets.

We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

Energy Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources EU % Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources North America % Electricity use generated by renewable energy sources Global %.

Water Total water withdrawn million m3 Total water consumed million m3 Total water recycled and reused million m3 Total water discharge million m3 Percentage of water withdrawn in regions of high or extremely high baseline water stress %.

Percentage of water consumed in regions of high or extremely high baseline water stress %.

J J is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Report.

ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to J J on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with J J, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.

We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than J J for the conclusions we have reached.

Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the 2022 data and information for the disclosures listed under Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.

Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information.

Virtual interviews with relevant corporate staff to understand internal reporting guidance and processes, including the use of its internal GHG Protocol, internal spreadsheets, and its various internal data management and reporting systems for each of the metrics in scope.

Review of reporting boundary compared to J J’s internal reporting criteria.

An analytical review of the year end data submitted by all locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary.

A review of estimates, extrapolations, and assumptions made in relation to the data for relevant GHG Scope 3 emissions categories.

In person site visits to four sites (Lititz, US Pomezia, Italy.

Schaffhausen, Switzerland Springhouse, US) and virtual visits to four sites (Athens, US Norderstedt, Germany Ringaskiddy, Ireland Xian, China) to review local reporting processes and consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying source data for each indicator.

We interviewed relevant staff, reviewed site data capture and reporting methods, checked calculations and assessed the local internal quality and assurance processes and.

Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.

Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.

The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information.

It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.

ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015.

Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work.

Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.

Our certified management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of Parts A B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.

The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related services to J J in any respect.

We have reviewed the accompanying management assertion of Johnson Johnson that the sustainability metrics as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 in management’s assertion are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in management’s assertion.

Johnson Johnson’s management is responsible for its assertion and for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics.

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based on our review.

Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT C section 210, Review Engagements.

Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion.

Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed.

We believe that the review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.

The firm applies the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment.

In performing our review, we performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the sustainability metrics, reviewed supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the sustainability metrics on a sample basis, and performed analytical procedures.

The preparation of sustainability metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to Johnson Johnson’s management assertion in order for it to be fairly stated.

Management of Johnson Johnson is responsible for the completeness, accuracy, and validity of the sustainability metrics included in the tables below as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the reporting year) for global operations, unless otherwise noted.

The metrics have been rounded to the nearest whole number unless otherwise indicated.

Management asserts that the metrics reported in the tables below, which are also included in the 2022 Health for Humanity Report as identified by the symbol, are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth below.

Management is responsible for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and reporting on the sustainability metrics.

The preparation of the sustainability metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information.

The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported.

Administrative costs incurred by Johnson Johnson during the contribution process are also included in cash contributions (approximately 3% of the cash contributed).

December 31, 2022, that Johnson Johnson would sell to consumers in the market.

Job category(d)(g)(j) employee working less than 40 hours a week.

Employee is defined as an individual working full time or part time, excluding fixed term employees, interns and co op employees.

Fixed term employees is defined as employees with a contract for a limited period that ends when the specific time period expires, or when the specific task or event that has an attached time estimate is completed.

Fixed term contracts make up less than 5% of total employees plus individuals on fixed term contracts.

Employee data may not include data from more recently acquired companies who are not yet reflected in HRIS (which does not exceed two years from the date of acquisition), and individuals on long term disability are excluded.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record), contractors and subcontractors are also excluded.

Abiomed headcount is excluded from global employee data, as well as other employee and DEI related disclosures.

Other is defined as employees who self reported as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races.

Vice Presidents: Women 41.2% Men 58.0% Declined to answer 0.8% Directors and Managers: Women 49.2% Men 50.6% Declined to answer 0% Professionals: Women 51.5% Men 48.4% Declined to answer: 0.1% (h) New employee hires are external hires with a start date between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 obtained from HRIS.

Management and executive positions(g) (j) Values have been rounded to the nearest tenth.

Due to rounding, the numbers presented do not add up precisely to 100.0%.

Management positions are defined as paygrade 30 and above.

Executives are defined as employees reporting directly to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based on an organization chart including names and positions as of December 31, 2022. members as of April 2023.

If an employee moves, for example, across both function and country in the same month, it is only counted as one move.

Voluntary turnover (the numerator) excludes employees leaving the company due to retirement or death.

Employees who are not part of the performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric out of four possible dimension ratings).

Employees who are not part of the performance management process are excluded from the voluntary turnover of high performers metric.

Includes data as of December 31, 2022 and hours worked in the reporting year.

More recently acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of December 31, 2022) are excluded from employee safety metrics.

Contingent workers (i.e., workers supplied by third party agencies that are the worker’s employer of record) are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are directly supervised by a Johnson Johnson employee.

Cases from contractor subcontractors (who are not contingent workers) are excluded.

Reported illness injury rates exclude COVID 19 illness cases.

Lost days are calendar days where an employee is unable to work due to illness or injury, beginning the day after an incident has taken place through the last day of leave (excluding holidays and vacations).

Field reports are then summarized into seven reported categories by Johnson Johnson.

Other consists of the following categories: privacy, information security, global security, Environment, Health Safety (EH S), legal regulatory and report follow up.

This occurred for no more than 16% of total recorded inquiries and complaints.

Compliance related allegations can be filed by internal or external parties, and for those allegations that meet the internal escalation criteria, they are logged and categorized by Johnson Johnson management within Johnson Johnson’s sensitive issue case management system and then presented to and investigated through the Johnson Johnson Triage Committee.

Internal escalation criteria includes actual or alleged (i) non compliance with internal Johnson Johnson policies that could result in termination of the employee (ii) expense violations exceeding 1,000 (iii) theft, fraud or misuse of funds exceeding 1,000 (iv) non compliance with laws and regulations, such as anti corruption laws or human trafficking rules (v) governmental non compliance, such as failure to abide by relevant terms of a U.S. government invoice, contract or pricing program, financial conflicts of interest, false or incomplete statements made to the U.S. government (vi) data breach or privacy incidents and (vii) misconduct by members of the senior leadership team.

Healthcare compliance allegations consist of violations of Health Care Compliance guidelines including U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) violations.

Financial allegations consist of asset misappropriation, conflicts of interest and financial statement related.

Environmental non compliances represent instances of non compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or laws that were either (i) self reported to authorities in the reporting year or (ii) identified by authorities and the non compliance occurred in the reporting year.

The authorities include regional, national, state country province, and local city regulatory agencies.

Environmental non compliances and fines paid exclude newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than two years as of December 31, 2022).

Fines paid for environmental non compliances include those paid in the reporting year.

It does not include fines assessed and or under negotiation that were not paid as of December 31, 2022.

Certified to ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 means the site has received an external certification that is valid as of December 31, 2022.

The denominator of total manufacturing and research development (R D) sites excludes small R D and manufacturing sites (defined as having less than 50 employees) and newly acquired sites (i.e., owned less than three years as of December 31, 2022).

Johnson Johnson conducts the Our Credo Survey biannually to track employee sentiment globally.

Our Credo Survey metric data is collected and stored in a third party platform.

Active employees include Johnson Johnson employees as of December 31, 2022, who completed the 2022 Our Credo Survey, and excludes fixed term, intern, and co op employees, employees on long term disability, contractors, and employees that have been with Johnson Johnson for less than three months.

Favorability rate is calculated by determining the percentage of agree or strongly agree responses out of all responses for all Our Credo Survey questions.

Response types include: strongly disagree, disagree, neither agree or disagree, agree, strongly agree, do not know.

Questions without responses are removed from the numerator and denominator.

A regulatory inspection is defined as an inspection conducted by the health authority to determine compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Health authorities are organizations with authority over the development, manufacture, distribution, placing on the market, and post market surveillance of products.

For example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Korean Food and Drug Administration (KFDA), British Standards Institution (BSI), and Health Canada.

The observations identified during the inspection are listed on a form provided by the third party health authority who conducted the inspection.

An FDA inspection is defined as a regulatory inspection performed by the FDA and an observation is defined as the observed condition or practice indicating that an FDA regulated product may be in violation of FDA requirements.

The observations are listed on FDA Form 483 during inspections conducted by the FDA and then provided to the manufacturer following the FDA inspection.

Independent audits are conducted by internal Johnson Johnson Regulatory Compliance auditors at Johnson Johnson sites and external manufacturing sites.

An external manufacturing site is defined as not owned or operated by Johnson Johnson.

Product recall rate is defined as the number of lots removed from the market as a percentage of total lots globally manufactured, based on field action removals where it has been determined internally by a Quality Review Board and aligned by Johnson Johnson Enterprise Compliance, that there is a reasonable probability that the product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences and in certain cases will cause serious adverse health consequences.

A lot is defined as a specific quantity of material that has uniform character and quality and was released to market during the 2022 calendar year.

The Pharmaceutical and MedTech recall rates consider all products in each business segment.

The Consumer Health product quality recall rate is inclusive of Consumer Health products from the Self Care over the counter (OTC) business segment.

Taxes collected are not a direct cost to Johnson Johnson as they represent taxes collected from customers and employees on behalf of governments, which are ultimately remitted to the governments.

These taxes are not reported for the remaining markets that represent approximately 3% of total 3rd party and intercompany sales recorded for the market.

Payroll social insurance taxes collected represent amounts withheld from employees for federal (local country government), state and social contribution taxes, as well as contingent labor taxes collected.

Sales use other taxes collected represent the net value added tax (VAT) (VAT output less VAT input) and sales tax collected.

Total tax contribution is made up of two components: total taxes borne by Johnson Johnson and total taxes collected.

Global nonprofit that promotes the humane treatment of animals in science.

Global nonprofit for environmental impact disclosures.