2023
Sustainability 
Report

nyse: bhlb

Table of 

contents

Introduction

Leadership and governance

1	

Table of Contents/Overview  »

17	 Board Overview  »

2	 About This Report  »

3	 cEo/cSo Letter  »

4	 BEST Community Comeback  »

5	 Materiality and Stakeholder  

Engagement  »

6	

Investor Performance Summary  
and SASB Disclosure  »

Financial access  
and affordability

7	 Homeownership  »

18	 Risk Management  
and Compliance  »

Human capital management

19	 Human Capital Management  »

20	 Health and Wellness  »

21	 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  »

Community investments

23	 Corporate Giving and  

Berkshire Bank Foundation  »

7	 Small Business Lending  »

8	 Community Development  
Lending and Investments  »

Environmental sustainability 

24	 Climate Change and Natural  
Resource Management  »

8	 Sustainable Finance  

and Impact Investments  »

Awards 

28	 Awards and Recognition  »

Appendix 

29	 Sustainability Scorecard  »

31	 TcFD Disclosure  »

31	 GRI Content Index  »

9	 Financial Wellness and  
Economic Inclusion  »

Responsible banking

10	 Business Ethics and Consumer  

Financial Protection  »

11	 Customer Satisfaction  »

12	 Data Privacy, Cybersecurity  

and Fraud  »

13	 Environmental and  

Social Risk Management   »

16	 Responsible Asset Management  »

Berkshire Bank

(Berkshire Hills Bancorp  |  NYSE: BHLB)
Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE: BHLB) is the parent company of 
Berkshire Bank, a relationship-driven, community-focused bank 
that delivers industry-leading financial expertise to clients in New 
England and New York. Berkshire is headquartered in Boston and 
provides a full suite of tailored banking solutions. For more than 175 
years, the Bank has delivered strength, stability and trusted advice 
to empower the financial potential of its clients and communities. 

Our vision
To be a high-performing, relationship-driven,  
community-focused bank. 

Our mission
To empower the financial potential of individuals, families, 
businesses and organizations by making banking available where, 
when and how it’s needed. 

Our brand promise
Where you bank matters.

Berkshire Bank at a glance

 » Assets: $12.4B

 » Community banking footprint:  

 » Headquarters: Boston

 » Lines of business: Retail Banking, 

Consumer Lending, Commercial and 
Private Banking, Wealth Management, as 
well as 44 Business Capital, Berkshire’s 
national, direct small business lending 
division providing SBA loans

96 financial centers in Massachusetts, 
New York, Vermont, Connecticut  
and Rhode Island

 » Founded: 1846 in the Berkshires  

in western Massachusetts

 » Workforce: ~1,300 Berkshire bankers

1

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportUtica

Syracuse

Manchester

v t

n h

n y

Albany

Pittsfield

m a

Lowell

Boston

Worcester

Springfield

Hartford

Providence

ri

ct

How to connect

We value your active engagement.  
If you would like to connect with us to offer your 
feedback or stay involved, here are a few ways: 

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. 
60 State Street, Boston, MA 02109 
833-BERKBNK 
berkshirebank.com  »

Customer service 
833-BERKBNK 
berkshirebank.com/help  »

Investor relations 
investorrelations@berkshirebank.com  »

Corporate responsibility  
& sustainability  
csr@berkshirebank.com  »

Community giving 
foundation@berkshirebank.com  »

X 
@BerkshireBank  »

Facebook 
facebook.com/BerkshireBank  »

LinkedIn 
linkedin.com/company/berkshirebank  »

Instagram 
@berkshirebank  »

About this

report

Reporting scope and boundary
This report presents the material topics and  
impacts of Berkshire's Sustainability and Corporate 
Responsibility activities during the fiscal year ending 
December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted. This 
report encompasses all of Berkshire Hills Bancorp’s 
wholly owned operations and activities. Throughout 
this report, “Berkshire Bank” or “the Bank” refers to 
Berkshire Bank. “BHLB” or “the Company” refers to 
Berkshire Hills Bancorp. All data reported in currency 
is in USD and abbreviated to M (thousands), MM 
(millions) and B (billions). This document is not 
required to be prepared or filedby the Company (as 
defined in this document) under U.S. securities laws, 
and the information contained herein should not be 
read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality of 
disclosure required in securities law filings.

Reporting framework
Berkshire Hills Bancorp’s Sustainability report is 
informed by globally recognized reporting 
frameworks and standards, including the IFRS 
Foundation’s International Sustainability Standards 
Board (ISSB) SASB Commercial Bank disclosure 
standards version 2023 – 12, the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TcFD), and the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. We 
continue to monitor the reporting landscape to 
ensure it aligns with best practices as well as the size 
and complexity of our operations. 

Additional resources
Berkshire Hills Bancorp  
Annual Report on Form 10-K  »

Berkshire Hills Bancorp  
2024 Proxy Statement  »

Berkshire Hills Bancorp  
Corporate Governance Website  »

Sustainable development goals (sdgs)
Launched in 2015 by the United Nations General 
Assembly and signed by 193 world leaders, the  
17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide  
a plan for action to address challenges across the 
globe. The Company’s corporate responsibility  
work contributes in some way to all 17 goals,  
but most closely align with the following:

2

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportStrength, stability & 
impact

Dear Stakeholders, 

For more than 175 years, Berkshire has been a trusted advisor for its clients, employees and communities. We deliver tailored financial 
solutions through knowledgeable, relationship-driven, community-focused bankers, empowering our clients to navigate through any 
environment, achieve their financial goals and make a positive impact in our communities.

Despite an inflationary and uncertain macroeconomic environment affecting 
the entire banking sector, Berkshire remains a trusted source of strength and 
stability. Our clients trust us to keep their money safe, secure and guide them 
through their financial journey. In turn, we are committed to delivering superior 
client experience and financial solutions that align with their needs. Operating 
responsibly, ethically, equitably and sustainably is not just an expectation of our 
stakeholders; it’s the mandate for operating a high-performing business in 
today’s landscape. 

Over the last year, Berkshire has continued to meet the moment and accelerate 
its journey toward high-performance while remaining true to its purpose, vision 
and values. A few, of many, highlights include: 

•  First community bank in the nation to allocate an amount equal to the 
proceeds from our $100 million inaugural sustainability bond within  
12 months.

•  Achievement of 100% renewable electricity use in our operations.

•  Implementation of a climate risk management program.

•  Deployment of more than $2.5 billion in low-moderate income neighborhoods 

since launching our Community Comeback program. 

•  Recognition by Newsweek as one of the most trustworthy banks in the nation 

and Best Regional Bank. 

Our initiatives are elevating our reputation, strengthening risk management 
capabilities and bolstering long-term shareholder value. All the while, these 
actions contribute to a positive impact on the people, places and programs that 
you care about the most.

We have a lot to be proud of, but there’s still more to do to realize our full potential. 
Our energy levels are high and we’re confident that the journey ahead will allow 
us to continue to meet the demands of today, while getting better for tomorrow.  
We appreciate your continued interest and support for Berkshire. 

Onward and upward!

Nitin J. Mhatre  
(He, Him, His) 
Chief Executive Officer

Gary Levante  
(He, Him, His) 
Chief Communication  
& Sustainability Officer

notable 2023 highlights

top quartile esg

Maintained top  
quartile ESG score  
based on aggregated ESG rankings, 
solidifying position as a leader in 
the banking sector

100% renewable  
eleCtriCity

Achieved 100% renewable 

electricity usage in operations, 
reducing Greenhouse Gas  
Emissions by more than 30%

Climate risk  
management

Implemented a climate risk 
management program to strengthen 
governance of climate matters

sustainability bond

Allocated an amount  
equal to the proceeds  

of our $100MM sustainability bond 
to create 330 units of affordable/
workforce housing and more than 
200,000 square feet of green 
building development

reCord high employee  
engagement

Employee engagement 

reached record levels contributing 
to declining turnover

best Community  
ComebaCk

Delivered meaningful 

progress on Berkshire’s $5B BEST 
Community Comeback program 
aimed at addressing four areas 
critical to the long-term vibrancy 
and success of its communities and 
business: fueling small businesses; 
community financing and  
philanthropy; financial access  
and empowerment; and funding 
environmental sustainability

awards

1

See page 28 for a listing of 
awards and accolades  »

3

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportBest community

comeback

BE S T   C o mmunity C

o

m

e

b
a
c
k

$5B for local communities

In September 2021, we launched our BEST Community Comeback,  
a multiyear $5 billion commitment that is rooted in our purpose to power  
the financial potential of our communities.

The plan focuses on strengthening all of our communities and unleashing  
the untapped potential within every community we serve through four key  
areas: fueling small businesses, community financing and philanthropy,  
financial access and empowerment, and environmental sustainability. 

Through this effort, Berkshire will create and save countless jobs, invest in  
our neighborhoods and employees, and strengthen our diversity, equity  
and inclusion work in our communities. 

Our Results

Fueling Small Business

Small Business Lending

Community Financing and Philanthropy

Mortgage Lending

Community Contributions

Employee Volunteer Time

Socially Responsible Investments under Management 

Financial Access and Empowerment

Lending for Low- and Moderate-Income Neighborhoods

Lending for Minority Mortgage Borrowers 

Individuals Impacted by Financial Wellness Programming***

performance  
to date*

goal** 

$833MM

$1.5B

$1.82B

$2.5B

$8.9MM

$15MM

$1.57MM

$3MM 
equivalent

$46MM

$50MM

$2.56B

$320MM

501,482

$2.5B 
$200MM 
300,000 

Socially Responsible Customer Bank Accounts

180,191

200,000 

Environment

Lending for Low-Carbon Projects

Renewable Electricity Usage

$591MM

100%

$300MM 
100% 

*BEST Community Comeback performance includes July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2023 results. **BEST Community  
Comeback runs through December 31, 2024. ***Performance and goal includes individuals impacted by direct  
programming delivered by Berkshire employees and programming delivered through nonprofit partners funded by  
Berkshire and/or its Foundation.

4

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportMateriality & stakeholder

engagement

Our sustainability report centers on the material topics identified in our most recent sustainability 
materiality assessment. We define material topics as those that affect our economic, environmental and 
social performance or influence the decisions of our stakeholders today and into the future. Top material 
topics are outlined below. These topics drive the content, structure and scope of our report and program. 
Detailed information on our most recent Materiality Assessment can be found on our website at 
berkshirebank.com/esg.  »

Leadership and governance

Community

•  Board Governance 

•  Community Investments

•  Risk Management and Compliance

Human capital management

•  Recruitment, Retention, Training 

 and Engagement

•  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

•  Health and Wellness

Responsible banking

•  Business Ethics and Consumer  

Financial Protection

•  Customer Satisfaction

•  Data Privacy, Cybersecurity  

and Fraud

•  Environmental & Social  

Risk Management

Environmental sustainability 

•  Financing Environmental Sustainability 

•  Climate Change

•  Energy and Natural Resource Management

Financial access and affordability

•  Homeownership

•  Small Business Lending

•  Community Development Lending  

and Investments

Stakeholder engagement

It’s our goal to engage stakeholders clearly, honestly and respectfully to understand current and emerging 
trends that impact our business operations. We work together to identify topics that demand our attention. 
We are proactive and responsive to the unique needs of all stakeholders, evaluating each of their priorities 
based on its influence, legitimacy and urgency. Stakeholders are able to submit grievances and complaints to 
Berkshire for action through multiple channels. We understand that meaningful engagement with our 
stakeholders is critical to improving our business and communities.

stakeholder

how we engage

what we heard

Employees

Performance reviews, training and development, 
surveys, emails, intranet, employee assistance 
fund, employee town halls, community visits

Workplace flexibility, career growth, performance 
and rewards, work-life balance, customer focus, 
future of Berkshire

Customers

Meetings, phone calls, emails, satisfaction surveys, 
social media

Shareholders  
and Investors 

Phone calls, emails, annual shareholder meeting, 
quarterly earnings calls, shareholder outreach, 
conferences, non-deal roadshows

Customer service, communication, account 
offerings, fees, branch locations/hours, digital 
accessibility, fraud and cybersecurity, financial 
well-being 

Strategic progress and ongoing financial returns 
momentum, asset quality and risk management, 
shareholder distributions, disclosure 
enhancements, human capital management 
practices, sustainability governance

Communities

Meetings, conferences, forums, social  
media, email, foundation grantmaking,  
XTEAM volunteering, stakeholder listening sessions, 
industry/chamber memberships, community 
rooms

Community Comeback progress, affordable and 
accessible housing, small business support, labor 
market, childcare, workforce skills gap, financial 
well-being

Government  
and Regulators 

Meetings, webinars, CRA and compliance reviews, 
emails, phone calls

Strong regulatory partnerships, commitment to 
risk governance, support for mission  
and vision, CRA reform, 1071

Suppliers

Meetings, phone calls, emails, surveys, events

Procurement opportunities, supplier diversity

Nonprofit 
Organizations

Meetings, email, social media, conferences, 
stakeholder listening sessions, foundation 
grantmaking, XTEAM volunteering,  
board service

Sustainable funding, diversity, equity & inclusion, 
volunteer opportunities, labor market,  
board recruitment

5

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportInvestor performance

summary

Throughout this report, we reference topics contained in the IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB) SASB Commercial Bank disclosure standards. Our investor performance summary 
presents the topics and standards that are most relevant to our operations and highlights where those 
quantitative and qualitative measures can be found. If a standard is not disclosed, it is because it is not 
considered material or is privileged or confidential; could cause a competitive disadvantage; or is not 
collected in a manner that allows us to correlate it to an SASB standard. Detailed analysis relevant to all  
our stakeholders is shared on subsequent pages throughout this report.

topic

sasb code

metric

direct response or link

topic

sasb code

metric

direct response or link

Data security

FN-CB-230a.1

(1) Number of data breaches, (2) percentage involving 
personally identifiable information (PII), (3) number of 
account holders affected

Not disclosed

FN-CB-230a.2

Description of approach to identifying and addressing 
data security risks

Data Privacy, Cybersecurity and Fraud  
pg. 12

FN-CB-240a.1

(1) Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding 
qualified to programs designed to promote small 
business and community development

Financial 
inclusion and 
capacity building

FN-CB-240a.2

(1) Number and (2) amount of past due  
and nonaccrual loans qualified to programs designed to 
promote small business and community development

FN-CB-240a.3

Number of no-cost retail checking accounts provided to 
previously unbanked or  
underbanked customers

FN-CB-240a.4

Number of participants in financial literacy initiatives for 
unbanked, underbanked or underserved customers

Incorporation 
of esg factors in 
credit analysis

FN-CB-410a.2

Description of approach to incorporation  
of environmental, social and governance (ESG)  
factors in credit analysis

FN-CB-510a.1

Total amount of monetary losses as a result  
of legal proceedings associated with fraud,  
insider trading, antitrust, anticompetitive behavior, 
market manipulation, malpractice or other  
related financial industry laws or regulations

Business ethics

FN-CB-510a.2

Description of whistleblower policies  
and procedures

Small Business: 
(1) 3,793 (2) $239MM 
Small Business Lending pg. 7

Community Development: 
(1) 85 (2) $501MM

Community Development Lending and 
Investments pg. 8

Small Business: 
(1) 166 (2) $6.8MM

Community Development: 
(1) 0 (2) 0

180,191*

Financial Wellness and Economic Inclusion 
pg. 9

149,637*

Financial Wellness and Economic Inclusion 
pg. 9

Environmental & Social Risk Management 
pg. 14

Not disclosed. Material legal proceedings 
are included in Part I, Item 3 of the 2023 
Annual Report on Form 10-K

Business Ethics and Consumer Financial 
Protection pg. 10 and Business Code of 
Conduct and Whistleblower Reporting Line

FN-CB-550a.1

Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB) score, by 
category

N/A

Systemic risk 
management

FN-CB-550a.2

Description of approach to incorporation of  
results of mandatory and voluntary stress tests  
into capital adequacy planning, long-term corporate 
strategy and other business activities

Disclosed as part of Part 1, Item 1a, Risk 
Factors and Part 2, Item 7 Management 
Discussion and Analysis of our 2023 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K

Activity metrics

FN-CB-000.A

(1) Number and (2) value of checking and  
savings accounts by segment: (a) personal and  
(b) small business

FN-CB-000.B

(1) Number and (2) value of loans by segment:  
(a) personal, (b) small business and  
(c) corporate

Personal 
(1) 244,628 (2) $2.1B

Small Business 
(1) 5,264 (2) $300MM

Personal 
(1) 39,231 (2) $3.2B

Small Business 
(1) 3,793 (2) $239MM

Corporate 
(1) 3,775 (2) $5.6B

FN-CB-410B.1

Absolute gross financed emissions, disaggregated by (1) 
Scope 1, (2) Scope 2 and (3) Scope 3

Not disclosed

Financed 
emissions

FN-CB-410B.2

Gross exposure for each industry by asset class

See chart FN-CB-410b.2 on pg. 8

FN-CB-410B.3

Percentage of gross exposure included in the financed 
emissions calculation

Not disclosed

FN-CB-410B.4

Description of the methodology used to calculate 
financed emissions

Not disclosed

*The figures provided encompass all no-cost, as defined by SASB, retail checking accounts. The Company does not collect information in a way that would allow 
us to correlate those accounts to unbanked or underbanked individuals.

6

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportFinancial access &

affordability

invest ma

Berkshire participates in Massachusetts' Investing For the Long-Term Initiative (Invest MA)  
to promote the success of small businesses by boosting loans for those businesses through 
increased deposits from the Commonwealth

Homeownership

Small business lending 

Berkshire recognizes that owning a home does more than put a roof over your head. It is the key to unlocking 
upward economic mobility, helping our neighborhoods flourish. These efforts were made all the more important 
given the housing market trends that took place in the communities we serve. High interest rates, home prices 
and low inventory continued to create significant obstacles to 
many trying to enter the housing market. Despite these 
headwinds, Berkshire continues to assist its borrowers, 
originating $691MM in mortgages during the last year, to help 
individuals realize the dream of homeownership. 

Dollar value of 
mortgages originated

$691MM

Berkshire expanded its first-time homebuyer program, down payment assistance program and maintains 
alternative credit underwriting standards for those with no credit history for select mortgage products.  
These programs were all aimed at assisting low- and moderate-income borrowers as well as those from 
underrepresented populations. In addition, Berkshire offers a comprehensive suite of mortgage options, 
including the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Home Equity Builder Program, USDA Residential Program, VA 
Mortgages and the FHA Loan Program, along with numerous state and local programs to meet each borrower’s 
unique needs. If customers run into challenges paying their bills, we offer a number of loan forbearance options, 
as well as financial coaching, to help get people back on track. 

The Bank continued to make significant progress on its BEST Community Comeback program, marching toward 
its goal to deliver $2.5 billion to help people achieve the dream of homeownership. Thanks to the collective 
efforts of Berkshire employees and partners, the Bank provided $1.82 billion through the program as of  
year-end, including $320 million for minority borrowers. 

downpayment assistance program

Berkshire's Down Payment Assistance Program aims to increase homeownership amongst  
low-to-moderate income and first-time homebuyers.

•  Eligible borrowers purchasing a home in a qualifying area may receive down  
payment assistance from $3,500 to $10,000 towards the purchase price.

•  The grant is considered a gift, and no lien is filed.

•  The Bank will consider an alternative credit if needed. (i.e., Rent statements,  

electric bills, phone bills) when applying for certain mortgage products

•  Programs are available on a first come/first serve basis.

Small businesses are the backbone of our main streets and local economies. Businesses faced continued 
pressures from the macroeconomic environment, tight labor market, and high interest rates. Despite the state 
of the economy, and how it continues to affect the trajectories of many small businesses throughout our 
market, most remain optimistic about their future. That’s in part because Berkshire, as it always has, stands by 
its small business customers, providing support, guidance and financing to navigate through the tough times 
and help make the best ones possible. 

Berkshire and its 44 Business Capital Division have dedicated teams of experts to help with every small 
businesses’ financing needs. The Company remains one of the top SBA lenders in the Country providing  
several SBA and traditional lending solutions as well as a full suite of depository, cash management and 
merchant services. 

We understand the outsized impact small businesses have on 
local communities and that’s why, as part of our BEST 
Community Comeback program, we set a goal to fuel the 
untapped potential of the business community by increasing 
our financing, technical assistance and development of new 
partnerships to prepare entrepreneurs for success, as well as 
increasing representation among historically marginalized populations. Since the launch of the program, 
Berkshire has deployed $833 million in capital to power small business growth as we continue to expand 
partnerships with organizations such as the Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (IcIc), EforAll and dozens of 
others. In addition, Berkshire expanded its special-purpose credit programs, such as The Futures Fund, to further 
assist business owners from marginalized and underrepresented communities.

Dollar value of loans 
outstanding to support 
small businesses

$239MM

7

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportFinancial access & affordability

Community development lending and investments

Berkshire is responsible for collaborating with local government, nonprofit, private sector and individual 
stakeholders to deploy its capital in a manner that helps enable the potential of every community.  
We harness our expertise to catalyze economic development in urban and rural communities across our 
footprint through our community development lending and investment programs. 

Our community development lending program encompasses activities aimed at creating jobs, stabilizing and 
revitalizing neighborhoods, and building stronger communities. The Bank originated $123MM in qualified 
community development loans in 2023, an increase of more than 80% from the prior year, as we focused on 
organic growth and delivering on our BEST Community Comeback. The Bank has a total outstanding balance of 
$501MM for all community development loans. 

Dollar value of all qualified community 
development loans originated

The Company makes targeted investments and tax 
credit financing through federal and state programs,  
holding $83MM in community development 
investments at year-end. During our most recent 
Community Reinvestment Act (cRA) exam in 2022, 
the Bank had an overall rating of Satisfactory and was 
rated Satisfactory for Lending and Outstanding for 
Community Development Investments. Our cRA 
exam results and other formal and informal regulatory guidance help inform goal-setting and the Company’s 
strategy. We will always look to meet all our communities’ credit needs regardless of ZIP code or income

Dollar value of all qualified community 
development loans outstanding

Dollar value of all qualified community 
development investments held at year-end

Commercial industrial credit exposure by NAICS industry 2023: FN-CB-410b.2

Wholesale Trade

Manufacturing

Real Estate, and Rental and Leasing

Finance and Insurance

Retail Trade

Health Care and Social Assistance

$690MM

$313MM

$297MM

$223MM

$161MM

$160MM

Professional, Scientific and  
Technical Services

Arts, Entertainment and Recreation

Administrative and Support, and Waste 
Management and Remediation Services

Educational Services

$98MM

$93MM

$58MM

$56MM

$123MM

$501MM

$83MM

Sustainable finance & impact investments

Berkshire became the first public U.S. community bank holding company with 
under $150 billion in assets to issue a Sustainability Bond with a $100 million 
issuance last year. In 2023, Berkshire allocated an amount equal to the proceeds 
from its inaugural sustainability bond to projects resulting in the creation of 330 
units of affordable and workforce housing along with more than 200,000 square 
feet of green building development. Amounts equal to the proceeds from the bond 
were allocated in alignment with Berkshire's Sustainable Financing Framework. 
Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company, and the global leader in high-quality ESG 
research, ratings, and data, independently verified that Berkshire's Sustainable 
Financing Framework "is credible and impactful and aligns with the International 
Capital Market Association's (ICMA) Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, Green 
Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond Principles 2021". Berkshire's Sustainability 
Bond Report further details how allocations were made to support affordable 
housing, workforce housing, green building and financial access and inclusion 
projects in communities across New England and New York.

Beyond its sustainability bond, Berkshire looks for innovative ways to advance its 
business priorities through sustainable finance and impact investing. The Bank 
partners with public and private entities, including state green banks, to offer 
several sustainable financial solutions to residential and commercial clients.  
This includes the Mass Save® HEAT Loan program, which provides zero-interest 
financing opportunities up to $50,000 for energy-efficient home upgrades.  
In addition, Berkshire makes targeted impact investments in Small Business 
Investment Companies (SBIC) and other strategically aligned assets that are  
within risk appetite and drive a competitive rate of return. The Company also has a 
strong tax-credit business whereby it makes targeted investments in low-income 
housing tax credits (LIHTC), historic tax credits (HTC) and solar tax credits to 
further Berkshire’s goals and strengthen its Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) 
performance. These investments help bring to life important economic 
development, revitalization and renewable energy projects while providing an 
appropriate return to the bank consistent with its capital and tax strategies.

8

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportFinancial access & affordability

Financial wellness and economic inclusion

For more than 175 years, the Bank has delivered strength, stability and trusted 
advice to empower the financial potential of its clients and communities. From our 
founding to serve those working in textile mills and factories to our vision today we 
have been unwavering in our belief that good for some isn’t good enough. Berkshire 
provides a full suite of tailored banking solutions through its Commercial Banking, 
Retail Banking, Consumer Lending, Private Banking and Wealth Management 
divisions. That experience is further set apart by Berkshire's DigiTouchSM 
commitment to combining extraordinary personal service with convenient,  
user-friendly technology. 

The Bank offers a comprehensive suite of financial solutions, financial coaching 
and education all aimed at helping individuals to reach their financial goals and 
bring the "unbanked" and "underbanked" into the banking system. We provide  

Number of individuals 
impacted by financial 
inclusion programming

Number of low-/no-cost 
retail checking accounts

149,637

180,191

a rich offering of financial counseling to all our 
stakeholders through dedicated programming and 
partnerships, including our relationship with the 
nonprofit GreenPath Financial Wellness. These 
services are available in person from Berkshire 
Bankers, over the phone and through a dedicated 
financial wellness microsite. Berkshire sponsors 
financial wellness programming with educational 
institutions and nonprofits to expand access to quality programming. We also 
provide individuals with access to financial wellness literature and printed 
materials through our financial centers. Berkshire strives to integrate financial 
wellness into our financial solutions, including our Student Checking+ account  
that features online resources that offer information, activities and conversation 
starters to help students build a strong foundation in financial education. We 
integrated budgeting and financial management tools into our new online and 
mobile banking experience to help consumers strengthen the management of 
their finances. We continue to offer financial wellness programs virtually, in 
partnership with community organizations and at targeted events, to increase 
their reach and accessibility, impacting nearly 150,000 people last year. When our 
customers run into financial challenges, we have their backs, providing direct 

financial coaching and referring them to our network of nonprofit 
partners, including GreenPath Financial Wellness, to get the 
counseling and support they need to realize their full potential. 

Our DigiTouchSM commitment is a defining tenet of our digital 
transformation and approach to financial inclusion, making banking 
available when, where and how customers want it. Berkshire has 
robust distribution channels, including financial centers, ATMs and 
ITMs across its New England and New York footprint. These digital 
channels provide greater access across our footprint for individuals 
looking to do basic banking services, fully accessible online and 
mobile channels, and a best-in-class digital online account-opening 
experience. This makes creating a new account from anywhere effortless,  
while improving fraud detection and risk-based decision-making. Our unique, 
complimentary MyBanker Program brings the Bank to the customer based on their 
preference by providing a personal banker who leverages technology to deliver 
concierge financial services to customers, regardless of wealth, in person, by 
phone and video conference. 

Berkshire continues to expand access to financial services throughout its markets 
by offering several no- and low-cost checking and savings accounts to young 
adults, senior citizens, the underbanked, active-duty military members, and 
veterans and first responders. These solutions offer core banking services without 
extra fees, monthly or annual maintenance fees or minimum average balance 
requirements. The Company continues to work toward building economic equity in 
its communities by developing and offering safe, accessible, affordable financial 
solutions and programs, including its MyFreedom Checking account, nationally 
certified by BankOn for its affordability, and the Futures Fund. The Futures Fund is a 
special-purpose credit program that provides access to a low-interest, low-barrier-
to-entry line of credit in collaboration with nonprofit partners who provide wrap-
around technical assistance to minorities, LGBTQIA+ and other businesses owned 
by underrepresented individuals. Since launching the program in 2020, it has 
deployed nearly $1.7 million to underrepresented business owners. We also offer 
MyCheck, which allows noncustomers to cash checks for significantly reduced 
fees and provides the opportunity to start a committed banking relationship.

center for women, wellness & wealth expands partnerships 

Berkshire Bank and its Center for Women, Wellness & Wealth (CWWW) 
announced a new effort to support the Dementia Care Collaborative 
(DCC), a program at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) Division of 
Palliative Care & Geriatric Medicine. This innovative collaboration will 
bolster the support patients and families living with Alzheimer’s disease 
and related dementias receive in Boston and beyond.

Supporting women through various stages of life is core to Berkshire's 
mission. CWWW seeks community collaborations to help women gain 
confidence in their personal finances and to help them pursue their 
dreams and goals. By joining efforts with the DCC, Berkshire Bank can 
enrich the financial stability, balance, and growth for women throughout 
the community.

berkshirebank.com/cwww  »

the futures fund

Berkshire Bank expanded the availability of  
its Futures Fund Program across its markets. 
The program provides access to capital  
through designated Referral Partners through a 
low-interest rate line of credit up to $50,000 to 
small businesses that are majority-owned  
and led by historically marginalized and  
underrepresented individuals. 

9

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible

banking

Business ethics and consumer financial protection

Overview 
Berkshire upholds the highest ethical standards in all  
areas of our business through a combination of formal 
policies, procedures, employee training and governance 
mechanisms. The Company also works to ensure its 
customers and consumers are informed and protected  
from all types of financial malfeasance. 

Berkshire maintains a Code of Business Conduct and 
Employee Handbook, which applies to all company 
employees and operations. Employees must attest their 
adherence to the Code of Business Conduct upon beginning 
their employment and attest again annually. The Code 
covers topics such as bribery, corruption, insider trading, 
gifts, political activity, equal employment opportunity, 
conflicts of interest and more. Employees are required to 
complete annual training to ensure compliance with the 
Code and other applicable policies designed to protect 
consumers. We also have numerous other policies and 
procedures to help identify corruption and support a strong 
culture of compliance applied across all operations. 

Bribery and corruption 
Bribery and corruption are illegal and can expose  
employees, consumers and the Company to financial  
and other penalties, up to imprisonment, as well as cause 
significant reputational damage. Furthermore, Berkshire’s 
corporate values, vision, Code of Business Conduct and 
Employee Handbook set expectations for how employees 
should perform within the workplace. Berkshire’s Code  
of Business Conduct and Employee Handbook include 
specific definitions for bribery, corruption and facilitating 
payments and lay out strict anti-bribery and anti-facilitating 
payments provisions. 

Whistleblower programs 
Our Whistleblower Reporting Line Policy establishes the 
standards and procedures to ensure that handling of any 
complaint related to violations or questionable, unethical,  
or suspicious “Accounting Matters” comply with 
management’s and the Audit Committee’s objectives.  
The Policy applies to all Company operations and  
employees. Employees receive annual training and regular 
communications across multiple channels, including a 
feature on the Company’s intranet homepage that promotes 
access. Additionally, Berkshire's Code of Business Conduct, 
available online, provides employees with detailed 
instructions on how, and to whom, suspected violations of 
the Code can be reported depending on the nature of the 
violation or wrongdoing.

Upon receipt of a complaint, the Audit Committee chair or 
other Audit Committee designee will determine if the 
complaint pertains to accounting matters. If the complaint  
is determined to pertain to accounting matters, the Audit 
Committee chair or Audit Committee designee will submit 
the complaint to the full Audit Committee, which will then 
investigate the matter and take corrective action as 
warranted within the judgment of the Audit Committee with 
Human Resources’ assistance. If the complaint is 
determined to not involve accounting matters, the Audit 
Committee chair or Audit Committee designee may direct 
the complaint to other appropriate Board Committees, 
executive officers or employees of the Company and/or 
outside legal or other advisors to review and, if and as 
necessary, conduct an investigation for determining 
appropriate action.

Responsible marketing and advertising 
Berkshire is committed to fair and transparent marketing 
practices and maintains strong relationships with its 
regulators. The Company promotes products, services and 
itself in a transparent manner that is reflective of the 
diversity of its communities, building trust with consumers. 
The Company’s comprehensive Marketing Advertising 
Policy, which applies to all operations, further outlines 
expectations for fair and responsible marketing, which 
includes transparent pricing information, use of clear and 
bold print and compliance with all regulations, including 
Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices (UDAAP), Truth 
in Savings Act, Fair Housing Act, Equal Credit Opportunity 
Act, Truth in Lending Act, Fair and Accurate Credit 
Transactions (FAcT) Act, The Interagency Statement on 
Retail Sales of Non-Deposit Investment and Insurance 
Products, Consumer Protection for Bank Sales of Insurance, 
cAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and many more.Our Compliance 
team reviews all marketing materials before their posting to 
ensure accordance with the appropriate regulations. 
Oversight of Berkshire’s marketing and advertising falls to 
the SVP, Director of Marketing. The Compliance Committee 
provides further management-level oversight, and the 
Board’s Risk Management, Capital and Compliance 
Committee provides board-level oversight. Employees 
receive annual training on fair advertising and all applicable 
compliance regulations impacting Berkshire’s advertising 
and marketing initiatives.

Sales practices
As a commercial bank, Berkshire is subject to strict 
regulations for responsible sales and compensation 
practices. It may engage in sales and marketing programs to 
expand its business and offer financial solutions to existing 
or new customers to help them realize their financial goals. 

These activities are subject to numerous regulations, 
including the Federal Communications Commission’s (Fcc) 
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TcPA) of 1991, the 
Federal cAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and the Junk Fax Prevention 
Act of 2005. It is also the intent that the Company will 
comply with all requirements of UDAAP (Unfair, Deceptive 
and Abusive Acts and Practices) through clear, concise and 
meaningful advertisements, disclosures, and other sales 
and marketing collateral used in any sales solicitation 
program. Berkshire maintains a Sales Solicitation Policy  
that covers all employees and operations and governs all 
types of sales activities. Customer-facing employees and 
those engaged in any type of sales solicitations are required 
to complete annual trainings related to ethical sales 
practices, marketing and compliance to ensure they  
have the knowledge, understanding and skills to deliver a  
superior customer experience, comply with regulations  
and offer solutions that help empower our customers’ 
financial potential. 

Debt collection 
As a community-driven lending institution, Berkshire 
implements respectful and conscientious collection 
activities grounded in applicable law to preserve  
consumers’ rights. This includes educating borrowers to 
maintain proper payment habits throughout the life cycle of 
a loan. Berkshire Collections teams always strive to be 
tactful and sympathetic to the borrowers’ circumstances, 
while educating them on the importance of making 
payments and maintaining a good credit rating. Our 
Collections Department also partners with other lines of 
business and nonprofit organizations to educate delinquent 
borrowers and help them build stronger financial habits. 
Relevant employees receive regular, ongoing training on best 
practices, compliance requirements and procedures.  

10

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

The department also maintains detailed procedures that 
outline the Company’s debt collection practices and 
complete quarterly monitoring reviews to ensure that  
we are operating within regulations and our own policies.

Our Consumer Debt Collection Policy, which applies to  
the Bank’s operations, helps ensure compliance with all 
applicable laws and ensures that our policies and procedures 
are guided by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. It is to 
the Bank’s benefit, as well as the borrowers, to develop a 
relationship of understanding, trust and cooperation.  
Our collectors always strive to offer mutually beneficial 
solutions and alternatives to rectify the borrower’s 
delinquency within the shortest period of time, while also 
preserving bank safety and soundness requirements. 

Bank secrecy act (BSA) and  
anti-money laundering (AML)
As a financial institution, Berkshire must maintain a 
comprehensive AML program that includes established 
internal policies, procedures, and controls, a designated  
BSA/AML Officer, an ongoing employee training program, 
initial and ongoing risk-based customer due diligence, and 
testing of the program by an independent audit function. 
Money laundering is a by-product of drug trafficking, 
terrorism, or other illegal activity. Because of this, it is the 
responsibility of the Board of Directors and all employees to 
not only comply with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy 
Act but to be proactive in the prevention of these activities 
and vigilant in looking for activities at the institution that 
may constitute money laundering.

Berkshire maintains a comprehensive Bank Secrecy  
Act/Anti-Money Laundering Policy designed to ensure 
compliance with all applicable regulations and laws as well 
as support strong risk management practices. The policy 

applies to all Company operations and includes our customer 
due diligence and identification program (Know Your 
Customer). The policy details the requirements for our BSA/
AML program, reporting, information sharing, sale of 
financial instruments, defines high-risk customers and 
products/services along with exceptions. The policy also 
contains Berkshire’s commitment to identify unusual and 
suspicious transactions, defines key terms, and ensures 
Berkshire takes steps and actions against those who attempt 
to use its services for financial criminal conduct. 

Our policy includes the appointment of a BSA/AML officer 
who has day-to-day responsibility for the BSA and AML 
efforts, a system of internal controls, self-monitoring and 
independent testing, customer due diligence and training. 
Our employee training program includes provisions to ensure 
that personnel, including senior management, who have 
contact with customers, who see customer transaction 
activity or who handle cash in any way, receive appropriate 
BSA/AML training at least annually. We have a detailed 
reporting process that includes currency transaction 
reporting (cTR), suspicious activity reporting (SAR), a task-
force and ongoing record-keeping requirements. Berkshire 
maintains extensive procedures for high-risk customers and 
products or services as part of the policy. This includes 
enhanced due diligence and monitoring requirements. Our 
Customer Identification Program (CIP) ensures compliance 
with all regulatory requirements and details all the steps 
Berkshire undertakes to verify the identity of all its 
customers, along with risk management and board 
oversight. In addition, not less than annually, our Internal 
Audit Department, or a suitable independent third party of 
their choosing, reviews the Bank’s compliance with the Bank 
Secrecy Act and its BSA/AML program. The policy is reviewed 
and approved annually by applicable Committees and the 
Board of Directors. 

Product development and oversight 
We are committed to responsibly developing financial 
solutions to meet our customers’ needs. Our Products and 
Services Development Policy creates a governance process 
for developing and implementing new, modified and 
enhanced products and services to ensure risks are 
identified, understood and managed. Proposed products are 
developed and implemented consistent with sound risk 
management practices and align with the Company’s overall 
business plans and strategies. Proposed products also must 
encourage fair access to financial services and fair 
treatment of consumers consistent with the Company’s 
values and applicable laws and regulations.

Risk management for new products and services is  
the responsibility of various stakeholders across the 
Company, including the full Board of Directors, Risk 
Management, Capital and Compliance Committee of the 
Board, Enterprise Risk Management Committee, Products 
and Services Development Committee, Executive 
Management and Line of Business Owners. Our Products and 
Services Development Committee helps ensure our financial 
solutions are delivered consistently with our values, ethical 
standards, policies and practices. The committee oversees 
the assessment of the design, risks, profitability and viability 
of new, modified and expanded products and services. It also 
provides guidance and oversight during the due diligence and 
implementation of proposed products and services, as well 
as monitors results to ensure compliance with risk 
tolerances, diversification standards, strategic missions and 
regulatory requirements. All products undergo a thorough 
risk assessment, which includes, but is not limited to, an 
evaluation of financial, strategic, credit, compliance and 
reputational risks. This includes an evaluation of the social 
impact, along with any social/environmental risks related to 
the proposed product or service. To further ensure those 
risks and opportunities are appropriately mitigated and 

captured, the Company’s Chief Diversity Officer and Chief 
Communication& Sustainability Officer serve as voting 
members of the committee. Through its formal assessment 
process, the committee helps ensure that new products and 
services are designed to fulfill the needs of consumers 
before they are launched. Berkshire maintains monitoring 
systems to ensure it continuously monitors the social 
impact and risks of its portfolio of financial solutions to 
ensure it’s protecting the best interests of its customers and 
communities. In addition, customer-facing employees 
receive annual training for all new products and services. 

Customer satisfaction

Berkshire views our customers’ satisfaction as paramount to 
our success and, as such, incorporated publicly disclosed 
measures and goals into our strategic plan to enhance our 
current performance. The Company’s goal is to be in the top 
quartile of all banks in New England in its Net Promoter 
Score, a measurement of customer loyalty that predicts 
business growth. Berkshire has made steady progress 
toward that goal and to ultimately achieve it, we have 
multiple programs in place to monitor, measure and evaluate 
customer satisfaction, as well as address and resolve any 
complaints brought to our attention.

Percent of customer 
complaints addressed 

99%

Berkshire’s Head of Retail Customer Experience identifies 
opportunity areas and drives integrated enhancements  
to the customer experience across the franchise. These 
efforts complement our partnership with J.D. Power, who 
complete a regular, comprehensive survey of our customers’ 
satisfaction with our in-branch and digital channels.  

11

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

This partnership allows us to gain valuable insights into our 
customers’ experience, monitor perceptions, evaluate 
performance and identify opportunity areas. Our customers 
shared several areas where they felt Berkshire could 
enhance its offerings, including customer communications, 
account options, financial center locations and hours, 
efficient customer service, agility of digital channels and 
service. As a result, we address these opportunities by 
developing new programs, service offering, enhancing 
employee training and upgrading our in-branch, call center 
and digital experiences. Berkshire maintains and updates 
ongoing customer service training programs, expanded 
Customer Contact Center hours and launched a new online 
and mobile experience. We expect that these collective 
actions will contribute to improvements in our customers’ 
experience and culture of service excellence.

Another key dimension to how we deliver an exceptional 
customer experience is in the management of customer 
complaints. When we receive customers’ complaints, we 
make sure to successfully address and resolve them as 
quickly as possible. The Board of Directors Risk 
Management, Capital and Compliance Committee provides 
Board-level oversight of the Company’s complaint 
management process, which is managed by staff in our 
Compliance Department in close collaboration with all 
business lines. Complaints are written statements, including 
emails, letters, faxes, social media posts or verbal 
comments indicating dissatisfaction with a product or 
service or any other area impacting customer experience. In 
some cases, regulations include specific steps to follow 
when a customer complaint is received. All business lines 
have a responsibility to respond to, accurately and timely 
resolve customer inquiries and complaints. Complaints are 
documented and tracked to ensure they are resolved to a 
high level of customer satisfaction. Our complaint 
management system also allows us to identify trends, 

elevate those trends and implement mitigating measures to 
address and ultimately reduce instances of dissatisfaction.

access, use, modification, destruction, loss, misuse, theft or 
denial of service.

Berkshire experienced an increase in the number of 
complaints in 2023 which can be predominately attributed 
to a higher volume of inquiries during Berkshire's digital 
banking conversion.  Despite the higher number of 
complaints, overall customer satisfaction improved and can 
be attributed to upstream and downstream enhancements 
to the complaint resolution process, quicker resolution to 
complaints and customer experience improvements. We 
strive to resolve all complaints in a timely manner, and as of 
year-end, 99% of customer complaints were addressed.

Data privacy,  
cybersecurity and fraud

Securing and protecting the personal and financial 
information of our customers is a top priority. As a 
community bank, the Company is subject to security and 
operational risks relating to the use of technology and 
cybersecurity, including denial of service attacks, 
ransomware, hacking and identity theft that could result in 
confidential disclosure information or the creation of 
unauthorized transactions. You can find detailed 
descriptions of these risks, strategy, and governance in our 
2023 Annual Report Form 10-K Item 1A Risk Factors and 1C 
Cybersecurity. Our information and cybersecurity function 
is designed to mitigate these risks proactively. It includes a 
comprehensive Information Security Program containing 
technical, administrative and physical controls and 
additional policies, processes and procedures to assist 
 with safeguarding information against unauthorized 
disclosure, modification or destruction. It will also help 
protect our information systems against unauthorized 

•  Information Security Program: The Company’s 

Information Security Program provides direction for 
managing and protecting the security, confidentiality, 
integrity, and availability of the Company’s information 
assets, including customer information under guidelines 
established as part of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act  
(GLBA). This program informs the organization of the 
administrative, technical and physical safeguards in place 
to adequately protect nonpublic personal information, as 
well as comply with applicable laws and regulations.  
The Information Security Program sets forth the 
Company’s commitment to the continual review and 
improvement of policies, processes, procedures and 
standards for evaluating electronic and physical methods 
of accessing, collecting, storing, using, transmitting, 
disposing of and protecting customer information. The 
Company leverages relevant expectations from the 
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEc) 
and uses standards from the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology (NIST), among others, to 
control data security risk, as well as to assess the 
maturity and effectiveness of the program.

•  Acceptable Use Policy: The purpose of the Acceptable  
Use Policy is to clearly establish each member of the 
Company’s role in protecting its information assets and 
communicate minimum expectations for meeting these 
requirements. Fulfilling these objectives will enable the 
Company to implement a comprehensive systemwide 
Information Security Program. The policy applies to all 
users of computing resources owned, managed or 
otherwise provided by the Company. Computing 
resources include all Company-owned, licensed or 
managed hardware and software, email domains and 
related services, and any use of the Company’s network 
via a physical or wireless connection, regardless of the 
ownership of the computer or device connected to  
the network.

•  Data Classification Policy: The policy provides a 

framework for classifying and protecting information for 
the Company and aids in determining the appropriate 
security controls for the given data. Data classification 
involves the assignment of a label to data indicating the 
significance, risk and confidentiality of data in 
accordance with the definitions, roles and responsibilities 
provided in this policy. The label then assists the 
Company with ensuring proper safeguards are in place for 
the data. This policy is intended to be used in conjunction 
with Berkshire’s Data Governance Program.

•  Vulnerability and Configuration Management Policy: 
Vulnerabilities create security weaknesses that can 
be exploited by criminals and other adversaries. The 
purpose of this policy is to ensure the company reduces 
risks resulting from exploitation of published technical 
vulnerabilities. The Company ensures all applications 
are fully supported by the vendor, maintains all 
support and maintenance agreements for the lifetime 
of the application, includes language in contracts 
requiring timely updates of applications, obtains timely 
information about technical vulnerabilities of systems 
and applications in use, evaluates its exposure to such 
vulnerabilities, takes appropriate, timely measures to 
address the associated risk, including, but not limited to, 
the patching of vulnerabilities.

The Information Security Program and all applicable policies 
apply to all Company operations, and employees receive 
annual training. Routine security assessments and internal/
external audits are conducted on a minimum of an annual 
basis to ensure internal controls are adequate. Updates and 
oversight on the information security program are provided 
by management to the Risk Management, Capital and 
Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors regularly, 
including two times in 2023. The Company continually 
reviews and invests in new technologies and cybersecurity 
professionals to mitigate threats and adhere to regulatory 
requirements. Cybersecurity resources are dedicated to 
protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
customer and financial data. 

12

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

Our cybersecurity strategy includes: 

•  A top-down focus on cybersecurity from our Board 
of Directors, Board Risk Management, Capital and 
Compliance Committee and executive management 
to prioritize cybersecurity initiatives based on risk, 
emerging threats and Company objectives 

•  Robust enterprise risk governance and oversight to 

enforce adherence to cybersecurity frameworks, policies 
and standards, and to meet compliance initiatives and 
requirements to ensure proper data protection, including 
encryption of all data and clear policies governing access 
and control of data 

•  Significant investments in “best-in-class” information 

security tool stacks and continuous security 
assessments to ensure proper risk mitigation based on  
emerging threats

•  Strong security controls on customer-facing applications, 

including multifactor authentication and fraud 
monitoring 

•  Strong partnerships with industry-leading, third-party 

security providers for system monitoring, threat 
intelligence and incident response, along with robust 
third-party due diligence practices that include ongoing 
monitoring of critical third-party service providers. In 
addition, we expect third parties to maintain a system of 
technologies, policies, procedures and controls to detect 
and prevent fraud, unauthorized access or use and 
disclosure of any customers’, employees’ Company  
data or sensitive/confidential information

•  Implementation of cybersecurity through investing 

in highly skilled talent and leveraging technologies to 
identify and mitigate existing and emerging threats 

•  Promotion of cybersecurity through employee awareness 

and cybersecurity-related training focusing on email/
internet security, social engineering and protecting 
customer information 

•  Implementation of a comprehensive vulnerability 

management program to continually assess the threat 
and vulnerability landscape, along with leveraging 

industry-leading tools and intelligence to detect, 
evaluate, prioritize and track vulnerabilities through 
remediation 

•  Comprehensive cyber insurance policy to ensure 

coverage is in place to protect the bank, its employees, 
customers and shareholders 

•  Collaboration with threat intelligence organizations,  

law enforcement agencies and partners to keep abreast 
of cybersecurity threats 

•  Dedicated Security Operations Center (SOC) and 

Managed Detection and Response (MDR) service that 
provides 24/7/365 monitoring of its environment to 
investigate and respond to security alerts. Log sources 
are mapped to the MITRE ATT&CK framework to ensure 
appropriate security monitoring and gap analysis to 
detect and respond to attacks

•  Commitment to notify stakeholders in a timely manner 
in case of policy changes or data breach, obtain user 
data through lawful and transparent means with explicit 
consent where required, and collect and process user 
data that is limited to the stated purpose

Within the Information Security Program, the Company 
ensures processes and procedures for incident handling, 
investigations and responses, including details of the tasks, 
roles, responsibilities and accountabilities are maintained, 
reviewed and updated as appropriate. It also ensures 
security incidents are categorized and prioritized to ensure 
the continuity of core services within the Company and is 
prepared to effectively respond and contain security 
incidents. If a data security breach is discovered, the 
Company has a comprehensive security incident response 
plan that includes notification of key authorities and 
stakeholders, including those impacted based on state and 
federal requirements. An incident response retainer with an 
approved third party is contracted to assist in responding to 
security incidents and to conduct forensic investigations 
involving the potential compromise of sensitive data or 
information assets. Potential corrective actions are taken to 
prevent a similar breach from happening in the future.  

The Company also maintains a business continuity 
program that addresses crisis management, business 
impact, and data and systems recovery.

Privacy
Berkshire adheres to all federal and state regulations as  
they relate to the privacy and confidentiality of information 
supplied by individuals who obtain a financial product or 
service. The Company maintains a comprehensive Privacy 
Policy, which applies to all operations, to protect consumer 
and customer financial privacy and ensure that consumers 
and customers are informed and notified about the 
Company’s information-sharing practices. This includes a 
commitment to collect and process data that is limited to its 
stated purpose and collected through lawful and transparent 
means, a commitment to notify individuals in a timely 
manner in the event of a policy change or data breach and 
clear terms governing the collection, use, sharing and 
retention of data. Berkshire’s privacy policy and statements 
outline the Company’s practices and consent requirements 
surrounding the handling of personal data and govern 
consumers’ rights regarding access, rectification and 
deletion of their data.

All employees are educated at least annually about the 
importance of consumer and customer confidentiality, 
information security and privacy. In addition, security 
procedures have been implemented that help prevent 
unauthorized access to consumer and customer 
information and will safeguard information that is 
exchanged with third parties in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
(GLBA) and the Federal Right to Financial Privacy Act (RFPA). 

The Company incorporates privacy and data security 
considerations throughout its operations, including the 

development of new products, services and programs. 
Berkshire is committed to preventing and detecting fraud by 
providing ongoing education and resources to consumers 
through digital channels such as its website, emails and 
social media as well as through its financial centers. Each 
year, the bank celebrates fraud prevention week with a series 
of internal and external communications programs and 
customer events. Berkshire’s fraud prevention experts are 
regularly featured in regional media outlets. They raise 
awareness of emerging trends, provide best practices and 
communicate tips to help prevent fraud. Robust ongoing 
training and Berkshire’s Fraud Crushers Program, which 
rewards employees for helping to protect our customers’ 
privacy and preventing fraud, further amplify the Company’s 
strong commitment to privacy and fraud prevention.

Environmental & social risk 
management framework

At Berkshire Bank, the principles of sound risk management 
are incorporated into our values, operating principles, and 
policies which all employees are expected to follow. As a 
bank, risk is inherent in all of our business activities. 
Berkshire’s Enterprise Risk Management Program  
describes our risk management approach, providing  
clear ownership and accountability for managing all risks 
across the Company.

As part of those efforts, we maintain an Environmental and 
Social Risk Management framework to provide additional 
clarity and transparency around how we approach 
environmental and social risks, which can impact every 
aspect of our business. Like all risks, environmental and 

13

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

social risks require coordinated governance that clearly 
defines roles and responsibilities, along with integrated 
processes to ensure they are identified, measured, 
monitored and controlled. 

Berkshire Bank takes a proactive approach to identifying  
and managing risks, which includes an ongoing process for 
identifying the topics that are most material to our company. 
Based on that assessment, our Environmental and Social 
Risk Management framework guides our approach to 
managing material environmental and social risks. 
Environmental and social risks can be a source of strategic, 
credit, operational, compliance and reputational risk which 
can impact Company performance and stakeholder value. A 
strong Environmental and Social Risk Management 
framework helps mitigate those risks and capture 
opportunities within the environmental and social 
dimensions of our business. 

sustainability risks. These efforts are incorporated across 
the enterprise and into strategic planning. Additional 
details on our board's oversight of environmental and 
social matters can be found on later pages in this report.

•  Berkshire Hills Bancorp Corporate Responsibility and 

Culture Committee (CRCC): In conjunction with the full 
Board, the cRcc sets the tone for Company culture, 
diversity, sustainability, and ESG. It helps oversee 
management’s implementation of programs aimed  
at elevating responsible, ethical, sustainable, and 
equitable business practices. It also monitors  
Company performance and ensures risks are 
appropriately controlled.

Percent of employees completing 
Corporate Responsibility Policy Training 

Activities granted exceptions from  
Responsible and Sustainable Business Policy

99%

0

Building off our Environmental and Social Risk Management 
framework, in 2023 we implemented a formal Climate Risk 
Management Program, which addresses how we govern, 
identify, measure, monitor and control climate risk. All of our 
environmental and social related policies and standards 
apply to all Company and subsidiary activities

•  ESG Committee (ESGC): Berkshire maintains an extensive 
management committee structure, including the ESG 
committee, which is responsible for overseeing all 
aspects of ESG within the organization. The committee 
monitors performance and ensures appropriate strategies 
are in place to identify and mitigate environmental and 
social risk. 

Environmental & social risk  
governance & oversight
Key to effective environmental and social risk management 
is having a strong governance structure, which integrates 
oversight across the enterprise. 

•  Berkshire Hills Bancorp Board of Directors is responsible 

for overseeing all aspects of the Company, including 
environmental, social and governance matters, to ensure 
we are effectively identifying, monitoring and mitigating 

•  Executive Management and Chief Sustainability  

Officer (CSO): The executive management team is 
responsible for promoting and communicating the 
Company’s commitment to operating responsibly, 
ethically, sustainably, and equitably. The cSo is the  
head of Berkshire’s sustainability and corporate 
responsibility activities and is responsible for  
facilitating the development, implementation and 
execution of programs designed to mitigate 
environmental and social risk. 

operations and financing activities. They are accountable 
for implementing strategies approved by the cRcc and 
ESGc in a manner that complies with policies, rules, 
regulations and supervisory requirements. They are also 
responsible for the implementation, integrity and 
maintenance of management information systems used 
to monitor and report on environmental and social risks 
and controls within their areas of responsibilities. 

•  All Employees: Employees are accountable and 

responsible for adhering to the Company’s sustainability 
policies and completing annual training. Relevant 
employees in credit, lending, and front lines receive 
training on social and environmental policies 
and procedures impacting their specific areas of 
responsibilities. Employees are also responsible for 
helping to identify opportunities in their areas of 
responsibility and advising their managers of potential 
ways to enhance responsible and sustainable business 
performance and mitigate risks. 

Environmental & social risk  
identification and assessment 
Berkshire uses a variety of tools and information systems,  
and maintains a framework to identify, assess and manage 
existing and emerging environmental and social risks in its 
operations and financing activities. This process is grounded 
in our materiality assessment and includes formal analysis 
and reporting as part of the Enterprise Risk Management 
program framework and guidance from regulatory agencies, 
nongovernmental organizations and broader stakeholder 
engagement. The primary tool for identifying these risks is 
through a base-tier and mid-tier risk assessment process, 
which assesses environmental and social risks and their 
impact to Company operations, credit, project finance, 
investments and broader communities. 

functions. These risks are documented in the Company’s risk 
register. In addition, the Company completes annual  
mid-tier risk assessments to evaluate the bank’s operations, 
lending, and investment activities for potential exposure to 
environmental and social risks. This assessment includes a 
detailed review of risks and potential impacts across the 
Company’s financing activities and operations. Emerging 
risk assessments are completed when potential risks rise to 
a level requiring proactive monitoring and possible 
interventions. The results of all these risk assessments 
inform Berkshire’s forward environmental and social risk 
management strategies to ensure it’s controlling and 
mitigating the risk. 

Environmental & social risk monitoring
After identifying and determining the appropriate response 
to environmental and social risks, Berkshire continuously 
monitors these risks, impacts on its business activities and 
the effectiveness of its risk mitigation strategies. This 
includes monitoring of the external environment and 
government regulation, proactive stakeholder engagement, 
ongoing risk assessments and review of monthly reporting 
to identify shifts in the Company’s exposure to sectors at 
highest potential to be impacted by environmental and  
social matters.

Environmental & social risk due diligence 
Central to our strategy is active engagement with our 
clients. This engagement allows us to deepen our 
understanding of environmental and social topics, 
learn and share perspectives, and, create connections 
between stakeholders with differing views. Its the first step 
in our due diligence processes. Berkshire maintains due 
diligence methodologies to ensure it mitigates potential 
environmental and social risks. These due diligence 

14

•  Business Unit Heads: The business unit heads are 

ultimately responsible for the line-of-business functions 
and for the environmental and social risks within their 

Business units are ultimately responsible for mitigating  
risks within their operations and financing activities by 
identifying potential base-tier risks within their respective 

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

processes and standards apply across credit, project 
finance, investment and depository businesses 
encompassing all Company and subsidiary operations. 
These due diligence processes are based on Company 
operating standards, sound risk management practices and 
third-party guidance, including but not limited to, the 
Equator Principles. Standard due diligence is conducted for 
all lending, investment and depository relationships, while 
enhanced due diligence is triggered based on the sensitivity 
of the industry, project, company policies and severity of 
potential environmental or social impacts. In some cases, 
these are also escalated to the cSo.

Standard due diligence
Standard due diligence is conducted for all lending, 
investment and depository relationships and projects when 
social and environmental risks are well understood and 
expected to be relatively low, site specific or completely 
reversible. All due diligence begins with frontline staff and 
involves credit, risk, lending, investment and consumer 
teams depending on the nature of the relationship, project or 
transaction. The process generally includes, but is not 
limited to, research, ensuring compliance with all federal, 
state and local laws and permits, assessment of 
creditworthiness and screening against all applicable 
company policies. If, during this process, staff determine the 
customer, business, borrower or business activity poses 
heightened risk because it is subject to the Responsible & 
Sustainable Business sections of Berkshire’s credit, loan, 
deposit or investment policies or the industry or projects 
pose heightened risk for severe environmental or social 
impacts, enhanced due diligence is triggered.

Enhanced due diligence
Enhanced due diligence includes a deeper analysis of topics, 
risks, documentation and assessments related to the 
transaction or relationship to ensure the company 
understands the full scope of potential impacts across risk 
categories and to its stakeholders. In some cases, a formal 
social and/environmental impact assessment is conducted 
to ensure a potential borrower or project has a track record, 
commitment, policies and procedures in place to minimize, 
manage, mitigate and monitor impacts. In such cases where 
a borrower can demonstrate appropriate mitigating 
measures, a transaction may be allowed to move forward 
but is treated as an exception-based loan and may be 
subject to additional ongoing requirements. 

Restrictions & exclusions
Due to the severity of and sensitivity to certain 
environmental and social risks along with potential impacts, 
Berkshire maintains an exclusionary business list which 
includes, but is not limited to, private prisons and firearm, 
weapon and ammunition manufacturers and arctic drilling. 
Berkshire has no direct exposure to fossil fuel extractors/
producers, coal mining, arctic drilling, palm oil and many 
other socially or environmentally sensitive areas, and 
generally will not do business with industries exposed to 
substantial social and environmental risks. 

Environmental & social risk controls 
The Company protects itself from potential risks and 
associated impacts through a system of formal controls. 
Collectively these controls are designed to protect the 
Company’s reputation, mitigate negative financial, credit 
and operational impacts and enhance its positioning .  
These include:

•  Governance Mechanisms: An extensive collection of 
Board and Management committees is responsible 
for overseeing operations and for ensuring that 
environmental and social risks are appropriately 
identified, controlled and monitored in accordance  
with Company standards. 

•  Policies: Company policies are designed to manage 

environmental and social risks in a consistent manner 
and align with the Bank’s strategic priorities. Policies 
define the control and oversight standards to effectively 
manage risk within the defined risk appetite and 
are supported by procedures across businesses and 
functions. These policies, which apply to all Company 
operations and subsidiaries, include:

•  Responsible & Sustainable Business Policy: 

provides guidance to employees on the Company’s 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) activities, 
business practices, codes and commitments.

•  Climate Risk Management Program: outlines roles 

and responsibilities for the board, management and 
all employees, definitions, along with procedures for 
identifying, measuring and assessing climate risk. The 
program also lays out Berkshire’s system of controls 
which include governance mechanisms, formal policies, 
due diligence and insurance requirements, exclusionary 
criteria, business continuity planning, external relations, 
and employee education. Finally, the program sets 
expectations for responses to risk events or elevated 
risk levels, reporting and external disclosure. Ultimately 
the program helps identify, assess, mitigate and control 
climate risks protecting the Company, its stakeholders, 
communities and preserving shareholder value.

•  Environmental Loan Policy: provides guidance on 

environmental due diligence requirements prior to 
entering into, and throughout the life of, any real estate 
transaction secured by commercial properties or 
multifamily properties. The purpose of environmental 
due diligence is to assess the nature and extent 
of environmental conditions of the collateral and 
any associated risk posed by those environmental 
conditions in order to make sound business decisions 
and underwriting.

•  Investment Policy: contains guidelines to be used by 

management in the execution of the overall corporate 
investment securities portfolio. This includes a list 
of prohibited securities that addresses social and 
environmental risks such as Fossil Fuel Extraction, 
Production, and Pipeline Construction, Petroleum 
and Coal Products Manufacturing, Mining, Firearms, 
Ammunition and Weapons Manufacturing, Private 
Prisons or Detention Centers, Artic Drilling, Companies 
with known environmental violations by a local, state or 
federal agency or government that caused irreparable 
harm to biodiversity, critical habitats, the environment 
or are otherwise inconsistent with the Company’s 
Responsible & Sustainable Business Policy.

•  Deposit Policy: Outlines the types of deposit products 
offered and governance of common account-related 
activity to manage and mitigate risks associated 
with deposit accounts. This includes processes for 
addressing and completing further due diligence for 
businesses and nonprofit organizations that pose 
heightened social, environmental and reputational 
risks due to their involvement in highly sensitive 
activities such as certain nongovernmental entities, 
Fossil Fuel Extraction, Mining, Support Activities for 
Mining and fossil fuel Pipeline Construction, Chemical, 
Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturers, Firearms 
& Ammunition Manufactures and Retailers, and Private 
Prisons and Detention Centers. 

•  Loan Policy-General: Defines how the Bank ensures that 
emphasis is placed on sound client selection, overall 
loan quality, attentive credit administration, regulation 
compliance, and proactive risk recognition, while 
continuing to pursue new business. The responsible and 
sustainable business section of this policy ensures that 
industries exposed to significant environmental and 
social risks, such as fossil fuel, nuclear energy and 
mining sectors receive appropriate due diligence and 
are treated as exception-based loans, only if the 
projects can meet rigorous standards. As a result, there 
is no exposure to fossil fuel extraction, producers, coal 
mining and other environmentally sensitive industries. 
The policy also includes a list of prohibited businesses, 

15

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportResponsible banking

While Berkshire is not currently a formal signatory of the 
Principles for Responsible Investment, it has adopted  
and incorporated those principles into its policies and 
operations. Berkshire’s corporate investment policy contains 
guidelines to be used by management in the execution of the 
overall corporate investment securities portfolio. This 
includes processes for managing exposure to certain 
industries, including fossil fuels, and includes a list of 
prohibited securities such as Fossil Fuel Extraction, 
Production, Pipeline Construction, Petroleum and Coal 
Products Manufacturing, Mining, Firearms, Ammunition  
and Weapons Manufacturing, Private Prisons or Detention 
Centers, along with companies with known environmental 
violations by a local, state or federal agency or government 
that caused irreparable harm to biodiversity, critical habitats, 
the environment or are otherwise inconsistent with the 
Company’s Responsible & Sustainable Business Policy.

including, but not limited to, firearm and weapon 
manufactures, artic drillers, and coal mining/power.  
The policy helps ensure respect for biodiversity, critical 
habitats and the environment, ensuring projects are 
consistent with the Company’s Responsible or 
Sustainable Business Policy commitments. 

•  Transaction Due Diligence: Berkshire maintains a formal 

due diligence framework for its business activities, 
which applies to all operations, and includes a standard 
and enhanced layer of due diligence with triggers and 
escalation processes. This process is further detailed in 
the proceeding "due diligence" sections of this report. 

•  Exclusionary Criteria: Due to the severity of 

environmental and social impacts associated with certain 
industries, Berkshire prohibits/excludes select industries 
exposed to substantial risk. Exclusions are included 
in applicable Company policies. The ESG Committee 
periodically reviews these lists of industries and updates 
as appropriate. 

•  Stakeholder Engagement: The Company regularly 

engages with its stakeholders to understand current and 
emerging trends that may affect its business and inform 
response and mitigation tactics to risks.

•  Employee Education: Berkshire provides employee 
training and ongoing communications to ensure 
employees learn about relevant environmental and 
social matters that could impact the Company and its 
management of risks. These materials are delivered 
across several platforms to ensure employees receive 
information that is concise, digestible, understandable 
and relevant to their roles and responsibilities. These 
include both formal and informal training on applicable 
Company policies along with environmental and social 
risk briefs as emerging risks materialize. The goal of these 
efforts is to help employees understand how risk events 
could impact the Company and its stakeholders as well 
as educate them on the steps the Company is taking to 
mitigate those risks. 

Our comprehensive approach contained in our 
Environmental and Social Risk Management Framework 
identifies, prevents and mitigates environmental and social 
risks to protect our stakeholders and communities, while 
supporting responsible risk-based decision-making and 
driving competitive returns.

Responsible asset management

Berkshire has a duty to act in the best long-term interests of 
our stakeholders. We believe that environmental, social and 
governance matters can affect the performance of our 
corporate investment portfolios as well as the portfolios of 
our clients. As such, Berkshire analyzes these factors 
through the investment process and engages on these 
matters with issuers, as appropriate. Ultimately our goal is to 
identify potential business and financial risk to protect 
customers, communities and our long-term sustainability. 

Our Wealth Management division has developed Sustainable 
Investing Portfolios for clients, which are constructed to 
maximize impact and deliver competitive returns. They 
include mission-aligned companies with fundamentally 
strong track records across metrics that contribute to the 
long-term sustainability of communities and the health of 
the company itself. While the portfolios are a small 
component of the division’s existing overall assets under 
management/administration, they grew by approximately 
10% over the last year. 

16

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportLeadership &

governance

evaluate and select director nominees. We ensure the 
composition of our Board aligns with our long-term 
strategic direction. The Board periodically assesses  
the size of the Board and reviews the composition of its 
membership to ensure that the appropriate knowledge, 
skills and experience are represented. In 2023, Berkshire 
named former Massachusetts Lt. Governor Karyn Polito, 
former investment banker Mary Anne Callahan and former 
Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President and CEO Eric S. 
Rosengren to the Board. Since 2020, four other new directors 
also joined the Board: Nina A. Charnley, Jeffrey W. Kip, Mihir 
A. Desai and Sylvia Maxfield, broadening the Board’s 
expertise in support of BEST and strengthening its 
governance oversight. The average tenure and age of the 
Board have decreased in recent years and reflect the impact 
of Board policies for maximum tenure and age.

The Board maintains five standing committees comprising 
directors and supported by designated officers for the 
purpose of advising the Board on operational matters: 
Corporate Governance/Nominating; Corporate 
Responsibility and Culture; Risk Management, Capital and 
Compliance; Audit; and the Compensation Committee.  
All committees are currently independent. 

(“DEI”) programs. The committee is appointed by the Board 
to approve policies and oversee management’s 
implementation of programs. 

The Committee meets quarterly to review performance and 
approve relevant policies. Berkshire’s comprehensive 
approach ensures that the board committee and full  
board receive regular reports from management on 
environmental and social dimensions of its business such 
as human capital management, diversity, stakeholder 
relations, climate change, community impact, and 
cybersecurity. The content of the reports include  
updates on performance, regulatory developments and 
emerging risks from the internal and external environment. 
These reports allow the board to develop a sufficient 
understanding of the Company’s impacts, management’s 
programs to mitigate those risks and capture opportunities. 
It helps inform strategic planning, create accountability 
and, along with management committees and senior 
leaders, provides visibility throughout the organization. 

Executive compensation
Our philosophy is to provide an executive compensation 
program that rewards creation of long-term value for our 
shareholders, promotes sound risk management and aligns 
with our vision. 

The key principles that support  
our philosophy are:

•  Attract and retain highly talented executives  

committed to our success

•  Pay for performance

•  Align executive interests with those of our shareholders

•  Manage risk through oversight and compensation  

design features and practices

Important features of our program are:

•  A significant portion of direct pay is variable and 

performance-based

•  A meaningful portion of pay is equity-based to align our 

executives with shareholder interests

•  The long-term incentive is 60% based on performance 

and 40% paid over time

17

Board overview

Our corporate governance practices guide us as we look  
to deliver on our vision. The Company’s Board of Directors is 
responsible for promoting and acting in the best interests of 
all shareholders of the Company. The Board is the ultimate 
decision-making body, except with respect to those 
matters reserved for shareholders. The business and affairs 
of the Company are managed by its officers under the 
direction of the Board. The Board’s responsibilities include 
nominating directors, selecting the cEo, succession planning, 
completing a periodic self-assessment and evaluating 
strategy and performance of the Company and cEo. 
Additional information on board meetings, attendance and 
tenure can be found in our 2024 Proxy Statement. 

The Company maintains a formal shareholder  
engagement process to ensure the perspectives and views 
of its owners are regularly reviewed by the Board and senior 
management. This includes engagement on sustainability 
matters such as diversity, climate change, human capital 
management and other social topics. 

Board composition and committees
Eleven Board nominees are presented in our 2024  
Proxy Statement, 10 of whom are independent. Each board 
member brings a diverse background of skills, tenure,  
age and experiences that are necessary to oversee Berkshire's 
performance, exercise independent judgment and drive 
continued success. All members of the Board are up for 
annual election. Among the 2023 Directors, 38% are women 
and 31% are ethnic minorities — resulting in two thirds 
gender and ethnic diversity of the Board. 

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to identify, 

Board oversight of sustainability
Berkshire is committed to operating responsibly, ethically, 
equitably and sustainably, ensuring the future success of all 
our stakeholders. That’s why we were one of the first banks  
in the country to establish a dedicated committee of  
our Board of Directors to oversee Company culture, 
diversity and sustainability. The joint Corporate 
Responsibility and Culture Committee of the Board of 
Directors of Berkshire Bank and Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc., 
is responsible for overseeing the management of the 
Company’s Culture, Environmental, Social, Governance, 
Corporate Responsibility, and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

Board

Board of Directors

Board Committees

Audit

Compensation

Corporate 
Governance 
and Nominating

Corporate 
Responsibility 
and Culture

Risk Management, 
Capital and 
Compliance

Management 
Committees

ESG Committee

Other Management Committees

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportLeadership & governance

select company policies

•  Whistleblower 

Reporting Line Policy

Sustainable Business 
Policy 

•  Bank Secrecy Act/ 

•  Reputation Risk 

Anti-Money Laundering 
Policy 

Management Program 

•  Third-Party Risk 

•  Bank Security Program

Management Policy

•  Climate Risk 

•  Capital Planning Policy

•  Investment Policy

•  Interest Rate Risk 

Policy

•  Funds Management & 

Liquidity Policy

•  Data Governance 

Program

•  Model Risk 

Management Program

Management Program

•  Compliance Risk 

Management Policy

•  Community 

Reinvestment  
Act Policy 

•  Corporate Governance 

Policy 

•  Crisis Management 

Plan

•  Deposit Policy 

•  Enterprise Risk 

Management Program

•  Fraud Risk  

Management Program 

•  Hedging Policy 

•  Information Security 

Program 

•  Loan Policy

•  Marketing and 

Advertising Policy 

•  Public and Media 
Relations Policy 

•  Privacy Policy 

•  Responsible and 

Berkshire’s short-term incentive (“STI”) program includes a 
specific ESG component in the calculation of the total STI 
plan funding. This measurement is based on a qualitative 
assessment of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, its social/
community impacts, and other results of its ESG initiatives, 
which include diversity, human capital and sustainability 
items. The ESG component follows the significant progress 
the Company made in developing and implementing its ESG 
and sustainability programs. It also supports our objective 
to align executive compensation with strategic objectives 
create long-term value for shareholders, manage risk and 
support our vision. The sustainability items are further 
incentivized through the overall qualitative operation of our 
compensation program. This is fundamentally addressed 
through the operation of our strategic plan, which sets out 
top quartile ESG rankings as an objective and also drives 
results in overall targets (including sustainability targets). 

Executive base salaries, and the individual payouts under 
our short- and long-term incentive plans, include an 
assessment of individual performance, which is evaluated 
qualitatively for the achievement of these goals. Specific 
reference to such achievement was included in the 
evaluation of cEo and other NEo contributions in the 2024 
proxy statement. This also included emphasis on our $5 
billion BEST Community Comeback financing program to 
strengthen our communities, which includes specific goals 
for lending and investments in low- to moderate-income 
communities lending for low-carbon projects, 100 percent 
renewable electricity usage, and overall greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emission reduction. 

Additional information on our executive compensation 
program for 2023 can be found in our 2024 Proxy 
Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis.

Risk management and compliance

Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) office, under the 
direction of our Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk 
Officer, serves as the second line of defense, providing 
independent oversight and challenge of risk-taking 
activities of business units/the first line of defense. This 
includes risk governance, organization, culture, framework, 
risk appetite and development of a risk management 
platform to ensure appropriate monitoring and controls are 
in place. The ERM office monitors, aggregates, integrates 
and correlates risk information into a holistic picture of the 
corporation’s risk profile. The ERM office also establishes 
policies and limits, and reports sources and amounts of risk 
to executive leadership, management committees and the 
Board of Directors. 

Berkshire maintains a comprehensive framework of 
management committees to provide oversight to all  
areas of the bank. Our Policy Committee, which reports 
directly to the Board’s Risk Management, Capital & 
Compliance Committee, regularly reviews and improves all 
major operational and risk policies to ensure they align  
with governance best practices, our values and the 
complexity of our operations. All our policies apply to all 
Company operations.

Compliance
The Compliance function, under the direction of our Executive 
Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer, helps ensure the 
Company complies with the letter and the spirit of all federal 
and state laws and regulations that are applicable to its 
operations, including those involving civil rights, fair lending, 
community reinvestment and anti-money laundering. 
Adherence to compliance requirements limits the risk of legal 
and regulatory penalties, financial loss and damage to the 

Company’s reputation. The Company operates under the 
premise that keeping customers informed and treating them 
fairly is good business. Our Compliance Program includes 
oversight and reporting, written compliance policies and 
procedures, monitoring, corrective action, training, complaint 
management, change management and independent audit and 
risk assessments. Employees are required to complete a suite 
of training courses based on their functional responsibilities. 

Internal audit 
The primary role of the Internal Audit Department (IA) is to 
help the Board of Directors and executive management 
protect the assets, reputation, and sustainability of the 
Company. IA provides independent and objective assurance 
as to whether the design and operational effectiveness of 
the Company’s framework of risk management, control, and 
governance processes, as designed and represented by 
management, is adequate to ensure the Company achieves 
its business objectives while meeting regulatory and legal 
requirements and its responsibilities to shareholders, 
customers, and staff. Culture and ethical standards are 
assessed in various audits to hold Berkshire accountable for 
its business practices, including regulatory compliance, 
anti-fraud and anti-corruption activity. 

18

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportHuman capital

management

At a Glance

1,340 Employees
66% Women
55% Manager roles 

held by women

29%

Executive 
manager roles 
held by women

~7 year

Average 
tenure

~100%

Employees 
benefits 
eligible

~44 Average  

age

Berkshire’s people are the driving force behind its progress on its strategic goals, 
ability to deliver tailored financial solutions for its clients and vision to be a  
high-performing, relationship-focused, community-driven bank. The Company’s 
approach to human capital management is grounded in its corporate values, 
business strategy and focuses on: 

•  Strong oversight and risk 
management practices 

•  Recruitment

•  Compensation & Benefits 

•  Training, Development,  

Engagement & Retention 

•  Health & Wellness

Berkshire maintains a hybrid work model to expand its access to top talent and 
provide its employees with workplace flexibility. These strategies have proved 
effective in meeting the demand for talent demonstrated by the Company’s 
strong track record of attracting high-caliber talent across retail, commercial, 
private banking, wealth management, business banking, technology and 
operational areas. In addition, as market disruptions from mergers remain and 
macroeconomic pressures impact many companies, Berkshire will continue to 
leverage its differentiated brand and unique market positioning to hire 
community-focused bankers from its competitors and attract high-performing 
operational talent from outside the industry.

Oversight
The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for the strategy of the 
Company. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees 
executive compensation matters and the Corporate Responsibility & Culture 
committee oversees company culture as well as diversity, equity and inclusion. 
The full Board also receives an annual briefing on employee engagement. The 
SEVP, Chief Human Resources & Culture Officer provides management oversight 
on human capital matters. The Company proactively identifies potential human 
capital related risks, such as the labor market shortage, skills gap, rising labor and 
health care costs, and employee retention and designs strategies to mitigate 
those risks. Strong human capital management is viewed as integral to the 
Company's ability to meet its strategic objectives, deliver a superior client 
experience and drive sustainable shareholder returns. 

Recruitment
Berkshire operates in a highly competitive labor market with strong competition 
for top talent. The Company relies on and continues to recruit employees with 
the right mix of skills, expertise and experiences. The Company forecasts its 
hiring needs based on attrition, skills assessments, market conditions, resource 
availability and strategic objectives. This helps inform corporate strategies to fill 
current and future open positions. The Company leverages several strategies to 
support its talent pipeline and talent acquisition activities including formal 
advertising, postings on targeted career sites, career events, internship 
placements, affinity group relationships, and the use of experienced external 
recruiters for key management and specialized positions. Berkshire also 
maintains a small internal team of talent recruitment professionals. 

Compensation and benefits 
A highly competitive labor market along with inflationary and macroeconomic 
pressures has impacted labor costs for all businesses. Berkshire is not immune to 
these economic pressures. The Company continually evaluates its compensation 
strategies and benefits programs, benchmarks to industry and peers and surveys 
the landscape of best practices to develop compensation and benefits packages 
that reward performance and retain top talent at all levels of the Company. 
Against this backdrop, Berkshire raised the minimum starting pay to $17/hour and 
enhanced its vacation, wellness and bereavement benefits. It also restructured 
its incentive plans across lines of business to provide opportunities for 
employees to earn higher compensation and bonuses for strong performance 
aligned with Berkshire’s financial and non-financial objectives.

Berkshire provides comprehensive medical coverage, paid vacation, personal and 
sick time, paid protective leave for gender-based violence, a 401(k) plan with 
employer match, long-term disability insurance, and group term life insurance. In 
addition, Berkshire offers a day care reimbursement program, a dependent care 
expense account, family and medical leave along with flexible work 
arrangements, including the ability to work fully remote dependent on the duties 
of one’s job. All benefits are available to married same-sex or different-sex 
couples as well as domestic partners. In addition to its compensation and health 
benefits, Berkshire offers volunteer-time off, a matching-gift program, an 
employee assistance program, regular performance reviews, professional 
development and the You FIRST Fund to help employees impacted by personal 
financial hardships. Nearly 100% of employees are eligible for benefits.

19

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportHuman capital management

Training, development, engagement and retention

Training and development programs provide employees with the knowledge and 
skills needed to succeed and have upward career mobility. They are critical 
components, along with competitive compensation and benefits programs, to 
having an engaged workforce. Ultimately an engaged workforce drives high levels 
of productivity and retention which reduces human capital risks, expense, and 
advances Berkshire’s progress and performance.

The Company provides several learning and training programs consistent with 
one’s job responsibilities, professional goals, and development plans. Employees 
have regular performance assessments to identify strengths, areas for further 
growth and career interests. Berkshire continues to reskill and upskill employees 
from across the Company helping them advance along career paths by taking on 
expanded responsibilities and roles. The Company offers a mentoring program for 
high potential employees along with development programs to equip employees 
with the knowledge and skills to be successful. These programs are offered across 
a variety of mediums and channels to improve accessibility. Berkshire remains 
committed to providing pathways for its associates to grow and maintains 
succession plans for key leadership positions. Approximately 11% of the workforce 
was promoted in the prior year. 

Berkshire encourages its employees to participate in appropriate educational 
opportunities to expand their professional experience, aid them in their current 
position or support their self-development to benefit both the employee and 
Company. As such, the Company offers educational assistance along with  
access to formal degree and certification programs, including college courses and 
Center for Financial Training (cFT) programs. All courses must be approved by the 
employee’s supervisor, division head, and the Human Resources Department prior 
to enrollment. Non-officer employees become eligible to participate after three 
months of employment, while officers are eligible upon commencing 
employment. Regular full-time employees may request to enroll in one cFT course 
or one college course per semester. After one year, full-time employees are eligible 
for two cFT courses or two college courses per semester that are business or 
banking related, directly related to the employee’s present position, or are required 
for completion of a business, banking, or position-related degree, diploma or 
certificate program. Part-time employees are eligible to take one cFT course or 
one college course per semester directly related to their present position, or that’s 

required for completion of a business, banking, or position-related degree, diploma 
or certificate program. The Company will pay up to $760.00 per course for 
approved tuition costs directly to the institution at the time of enrollment. In 
addition, employees may request reimbursement for textbooks and course 
materials purchased for each Company-paid course up to a maximum of $100.00 
per course, separate from tuition.

Berkshire continues to monitor the progress of its efforts to evaluate the 
effectiveness of programs and strategies on retention and engagement. A 
comprehensive annual employee engagement survey is conducted to identify 
strengths and opportunity areas within the organization. Overall, employees felt 
there was a strong spirit of teamwork, that Berkshire genuinely cares for its 
communities, and they have strong relationships with their direct managers. 
Actions plans are developed for areas identified in the survey that do not meet the 
Company’s high expectations. Beyond a formal engagement survey, Berkshire 
provides regular opportunities for managers and employees to ask questions, raise 
concerns and make suggestions for ways to build a better and stronger company. 
This includes regular quarterly employee town halls and leadership forums, an 
employee suggestion program and regional gatherings that provide employees 
with direct access to Company leaders.

Berkshire continues to make progress reducing turnover, which decreased year-
over-year and by 10% since 2021. This progress is the direct result of the actions it 
has taken to improve engagement and combat turnover including: 

•  Launched Company-wide reward  

•  Increased starting wage 

and recognition program 

•  Enhanced vacation benefit 

•  Introduced wellness day 

•  Offered mentoring program 

•  Developed robust employee 
communications program

•  Enhanced line of business  

•  New employee events  

incentive plans 

•  Established career paths for  

various job families 

Collectively these efforts have led to improved retention in each of the last three 
years, record high employee engagement and being named a Forbes America’s 
Best Midsize Employers.

Health and wellness

Berkshire works hard to keep its employees safe, healthy and support their 
physical, mental and financial wellbeing. It provides its workforce comprehensive 
programs, benefits and a health and wellness employee resource group. The 
Company also creates a workplace environment that is accessible and free from 
occupational hazards. The Company, through its insurance provider, offers a 
fitness, weight and mind/body reimbursement along with a year-round calendar of 
various wellness related activities. Since physical and mental health go hand-in-
hand with financial health, Berkshire provides access to financial education 
resources, webinars along with its You FIRST Fund to assist employees 
experiencing financial hardships. 

Additionally, Berkshire provides a comprehensive employee assistance program 
which includes counseling services and resources for those experiencing mental 
health challenges. To further support the needs of its workforce, employees have 
access to a wellness day to disconnect, recharge and take care of themselves in 
whatever way works best for them. The Health & Wellness Employee Resource 
Group provides yet another channel for employees to participate in regular 
programming and advocate for health and wellness options that suit their needs 
and interests. 

You FIRST Employee Assistance Fund helps  
colleagues impacted by hardships

Workplace of the future
Berkshire continues to evolve and 
enhance its human capital management 
strategies to drive organizational growth 
in support of strategic priorities while 
combating risks, such as the labor 
market shortage, skills gap and rising labor and health costs. The Company 
expects to maintain its hybrid workplace over the long-term, invest in technology 
to streamline processes and ensure the workforce structure is aligned with the 
Company’s forward operating needs. While technology continues to play a bigger 
role in the future of Berkshire, helping to improve processes and drive efficiencies, 
people will always be at the core of its ability to deliver expert advisement and 
tailored solutions to its clients which in turn drives value for its shareholders and 
communities. The Company remains confident that the Berkshire brand, value 
proposition and vision will continue to be a differentiator in the market.

20

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability Report 
Human capital management

record high employee engagement 

What employees are saying:
•  Understand Berkshire’s values

•  Feel their manager is accessible

•  Feel their manager respects them

•  Spirit of cooperation and teamwork

•  Clear understanding of the results expected of them in their job

Diversity, equity and inclusion 

Creating a diverse, accessible, inclusive and equitable workplace is an essential 
enabler to advancing the Company’s strategic goals, social and environmental 
commitments and vision. Ultimately Berkshire’s goal is to attract and retain 
individuals from a wide range of backgrounds, cultures and experiences so that 
the workforce, executives and board composition reflect the diversity of the 
communities in which it operates. It also seeks to ensure equity, accessibility, 
fairness and impartiality in all aspects of the Company’s workplace, banking 
practices and financial solutions while fostering an inclusive environment where 
all employees feel valued, respected and empowered.

The Company advances those goals through an integrated approach  
that includes:

•  Strong oversight and  
governance practices 

•  Talent management and recruitment 

•  Multicultural community engagement 

•  Equitable product and  
service development 

•  Education and training 

•  Supplier diversity 

•  Workplace programming 

Governance
The Company has a strong foundation of governance practices to ensure that 
diversity, equity and inclusion is embedded into Berkshire’s business activities. 
This includes the Corporate Responsibility & Culture Committee of the Board of 
Directors which oversees DEI performance. Berkshire’s Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion Committee, which reports into the Board committee, provides 
additional management level oversight to the Company’s programming and 
performance. The Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity Officer leads and 
executes the Company’s DEI strategy and programming.

Workplace
Berkshire continues working to improve representation within its workplace 
through recruitment initiatives while enhancing its internal talent pipeline to 
ensure representation at all levels of the Company. Berkshire identifies 
opportunities in targeted markets and business lines, develops deeper 
partnerships with non-profit organizations and affinity groups, advertises 
positions on specialized career sites, participates in affinity career events and 
uses internal as well as external recruitment professionals to ensure it receives 
candidate pools that reflect the rural and urban communities in which it 
operates. It works to develop and implement strategies aimed at increasing 
representation at each level of the Company. As a result of Berkshire's efforts, 
workplace diversity at the manager level improved year over year.

Equal opportunity and pay equity
Berkshire Bank is an equal-opportunity employer and always has pursued  
a policy of equal employment for all of its employees and applicants for 
employment, without regard to genetic information, race, color, ancestry, 
citizenship status, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation,  
marital status, familial status, gender identity and expression, national origin, 
age, physical or mental disability, status as a disabled or Vietnam-era veteran of the 
United States Armed Forces, being a member of the Reserves or National Guard, or 
status in any group protected by federal, state or local laws. The Company strives 
to further its commitment to equal employment opportunity by recruiting, 
hiring, compensating, training and promoting staff members in all job 
classifications without regard to an employee’s inclusion in one of the  
categories delineated above. 

Annually, the Company completes a review of pay and performance measures to 
ensure that all employees, regardless of gender and ethnicity, in comparable 
roles are compensated equitably. As a result of Berkshire’s intentional and 
impactful efforts to date, Berkshire was listed in the Bloomberg Gender Equality 
Index and Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.

21

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportHuman capital management

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at A Glance

Percent workforce comprised of women 

Percent of workforce comprised of ethnic minorities 

Percent of the Board comprised of women

Percent the Board comprised of ethnic minorities 

Percent of manager roles (officer+) comprised of women

Percent of manager roles (officer+) comprised  
of ethnic minorities

Percent of executive management roles comprised of women

Percent of executive management roles comprised  
of ethnic minorities

Percent workforce comprised of those with a disability

66%

16%

38%

31%

55%

12%

29%

14%

5%

Employee resource groups
Berkshire offers six Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), each playing an integral 
role for employees and the culture of the company. Every Employee Resource 
Group provides a safe space for dialogue, education, programming and collective 
action on topics relevant to their members and the Company. Through the ERGs, 
employees’ concerns and ideas to strengthen Berkshire’s culture are elevated to 
members of management and the Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Committee for 
action, empowering employees to collectively be engines of positive change 
within the workplace and the broader community.

Supplier diversity
Berkshire also understands that a diverse third-party base is important to 
achieving its operational goals, supply chain resilience, and vision. As a result, 
Berkshire works to maintain a third-party base that reflects the communities  
in which it operates and, to the maximum extent possible, increase the  
utilization of third parties owned by underrepresented people. We encourage 
employees to seek out potential third-parties and facilitate connections with 
underrepresented suppliers through industry and affinity group partnerships.

Education and training
Berkshire provides a full suite of diversity, equity & inclusion trainings. The 
trainings help build understanding and provide employees with knowledge, skills 
and tactics they can put into practice. Employees complete training annually 
through a combination of required and elective DEI-themed courses. Berkshire 
intends to enhance its training program in 2024 to deepen alignment with 
corporate goals. The training programs help form the basis for more inclusive 
recruitment, hiring, retention and customer service strategies going forward.

supplier diversity* 

•  Minority Owned 4%

•  Veteran Owned 3%

•  Women Owned 12% 

•  Disability Owned 1% 

•  LGBTQIA+ 1%

•  Small Business 46%

*Supplier diversity figures are based on third parties that  
completed a Third-Party Control Assessment.

22

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportCommunity

investments

Lori Kiely 
Managing Director,  
Berkshire Bank Foundation 

"I am honored to guide Berkshire Bank’s  
support of the non-profit organizations  
doing such important work in all of the  
communities that we serve. A key piece of our 
culture at Berkshire Bank is giving back, and this 
is demonstrated not only by our philanthropy, 
but by the thousands of hours of volunteer  
service devoted by our Berkshire Bankers."

Corporate giving and Berkshire Bank Foundation

For over 175 years, Berkshire has continuously worked side-by-side 
with its nonprofit partners to build stronger, more just and 
sustainable communities. Through our philanthropy and by 
harnessing the collective skills and resources of our employees, 
we’re helping turn possibilities into realities for individuals across 
New England and New York. Overall, we invested $3.4MM in our 
communities in 2023, including $2.5MM in philanthropic grants 
through Berkshire Bank Foundation. The foundation aims to  
provide the opportunity for everyone to flourish, especially 
populations that have been disproportionately and unfairly 
underserved. The foundation focuses on three areas to achieve  
its mission by supporting programs that aim to provide everyone 
equal opportunity for economic prosperity: 

•  Small business — providing support to entrepreneurship and 

small business growth through access to education, capital and 
technical assistance with an emphasis on greater access to 
minority, women and LGBTQIA+-owned businesses

•  Financial inclusion — supporting programs that create a path 
to upward economic mobility and overall well-being with an 
emphasis on the “underbanked” and “unbanked” populations.

•  Housing — facilitating access to quality, affordable housing  
to help individuals and families attain financial stability  
and long-term accumulation of wealth, including pathways to  
first-time homeownership for people of color, women and other 
marginalized communities.

Employee volunteerism & giving
We understand that being a committed community partner is 
about more than writing a check. It’s about taking action and 
harnessing all that a business has to offer to lift up our 
communities. We provide our employees with paid time off to  
be part of the XTEAM, our nationally acclaimed Employee  
Volunteer Program, and offer a Matching Gifts program to help 
amplify the philanthropic efforts of all our Berkshire bankers. From 
individual- and group-based volunteer engagements to pro bono 

and Board service, the XTEAM empowers employees to be change 
agents to address essential needs and help organizations run more 
effectively. Last year Berkshire bankers responded in a big way 
with 89% participating in the program, nearly three times the 
national average. They contributed more than 21,500 hours of 
volunteer service valued at nearly $700,000 through 269 projects. 

Powering our communities

$2.5 million

in foundation grants 

$3.4 million

in community contributions  

538

organizations supported 

78%

of grants benefit low- to  
moderate-income communities

89%

employee volunteer participation

21,542

employee volunteer hours

xtraordinary day

Berkshire’s signature day of community action, 
Xtraordinary Day, returned in 2023 as the Bank 
closed its doors at noon so that more than 1,000 
of its employees could complete 47 service  
projects contributing 4,000 hours across  
Berkshire’s five-state footprint. 

hillcrest

Hillcrest Educational Centers provides a range 
of clinical, psychological and special education 
services for children, adolescents and families in 
Berkshire County, Massachusetts, and across the 
Northeast. It employs more than 500 people. 

Demand for Hillcrest’s services frequently out-
pace available resources, so the agency turned to 
Berkshire Bank to refinance its entire business to 
help give their clients a reason for hope.

23

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportEnvironmental

sustainability

Climate change and natural resource management 

Overview 
Climate change manifesting in the form of both physical and transition risks 
could adversely, either directly or indirectly, affect Berkshire’s operations, 
businesses, customers, communities and stakeholders. As the transition to a 
low-carbon economy accelerates, new policy emerges and market dynamics 
shift, Berkshire expects that its efforts to manage its environmental footprint, 
mitigate the risks associated with climate change and support the transition will 
allow it to strengthen its positioning as a high performing, relationship-driven, 
community-focused bank. 

Internationally recognized sustainability reporting standards and the  
Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TcFD) recommend 
companies communicate practices around the governance of environmental 
matters, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets used to assess 
risks, opportunities and Company performance. Berkshire’s Climate Change 
disclosure contained below is aligned with TcFD recommendations. The 
Company continues to evolve its practices to reflect its community bank  
mission , any regulatory requirements, as well as the size, scope and complexity 
of its operations.

governance mechanisms, formal policies, due diligence and insurance 
requirements, exclusionary criteria, business continuity planning, external 
relations, and employee education. Finally, the program sets expectations for 
responses to risk events or elevated risk levels, reporting and external disclosure. 
Ultimately the program helps identify, assess, mitigate and control climate risks 
protecting the Company, its stakeholders, communities and preserving 
shareholder value. 

Each of Berkshire’s business areas consider climate-related risks and 
opportunities within their scopes of responsibility. Like other financial 
institutions, we evaluate the potential for climate risk across our lines of 
business on an ongoing basis. We understand that some climate-related risks 
may manifest over a long time period, while other events or developments could 
drive a more immediate impact. In response, Berkshire continues to enhance its 
capabilities to assess, monitor and mitigate potential short- and long-term risks 
posed by climate change in a manner that reflects the size, scope and complexity 
of climate-related risks. 

Risk identification and assessment 
Berkshire uses a variety of tools, information systems, and maintains a Climate 
Risk Management program to identify, assess and manage existing and emerging 
climate risks across the organization. This includes formal analysis and reporting 
as part of the Climate Risk Management program and guidance from regulatory 

Governance
Berkshire actively manages climate-related risks and opportunities  
throughout the organization. The Company’s Board of Directors and its Corporate 
Responsibility & Culture Committee provide oversight on sustainability and 
climate change. Management and the board evaluate climate-related risks and 
opportunities and incorporate the results of risk assessments and discussions 
into strategic planning, product development, programming and relevant risk-
mitigating measures. All business risks are also integrated into our Enterprise 
Risk Management program and discussed by other applicable Board Committees, 
including the Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee. Both 
Committees report to the full board. 

Beyond board level oversight of climate matters, Berkshire maintains an ESG 
committee of senior executives throughout the Company, including the cEo, 
coo, cFo, Chief Risk Officer and business unit heads and is chaired by the Chief 
Communication & Sustainability Officer. The committee reviews climate risks 
and opportunities, and ensures robust management oversight. Collectively, 
management is responsible for the line-of-business functions and integration of 
sustainability activities within their respective departments, including 
implementing programs, policies and management systems. Our Responsible 
and Sustainable Business Policy guides our codes, principles and commitments, 
including our Environmental Sustainability Principles, which govern our 
operations. Climate related matters are further governed according to 
Berkshire's Climate Risk Management Program policy. Further details on  
our governance of Climate related matters can be found as part of the 
Environmental & Social Risk Management as well as the Board Leadership 
 and Governance sections of this report.

Risk management
Berkshire's Climate Risk Management Program policy outlines roles and 
responsibilities for the board, management and all employees, definitions, along 
with procedures for identifying, measuring and assessing climate risk. The 
program is aligned with the broader Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. 
The program also lays out Berkshire’s system of controls which include 

24

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportEnvironmental sustainability

agencies and governmental agencies. The primary tool for identifying these risks 
is through a base-tier and mid-tier risk assessment process. To assist in the 
identification of potential physical risk events, Berkshire uses publicly available 
climate scenarios and weather information to detect potential severe weather 
events which could impact its operations within its footprint over short, medium 
and long-term horizons. For transition risk, Berkshire uses publicly available 
climate scenarios and guidance to identify industries at the highest risk to be 
impacted by the transition to a lower carbon economy as a result of increasing 
regulation, shifting consumer preferences and policy.

Business lines are responsible for identifying potential base-tier risks within their 
respective functions. These risks are documented in the Company risk register.  
In addition, the Company completes a mid-tier climate change risk assessment 
to evaluate the bank’s operations and lending activities for potential exposure to 
transition and physical risks. This assessment includes detailed reviews of 
specific companies, sectors and overall portfolio concentrations. Risks are 
assigned a risk rating using the Company’s Climate Risk Management Program. 
The results of the risk assessment guide Berkshire’s forward climate 
management and environmental sustainability strategies to ensure it is  
actively managing the risks and opportunities.

Risk monitoring
After identifying and determining the appropriate response to risks, Berkshire 
continuously monitors these risks and its business activities as well as the 
effectiveness of its risk mitigation strategies. This includes monitoring of the  
external environment and government regulation, proactive stakeholder 
engagement, ongoing climate risk assessments and review of monthly reporting 
to identify shifts in the Company’s exposure to sectors at highest potential to be 
impacted by transition or physical risks. Berkshire's Climate Risk Management 
Program further details the Company's framework, expectations and 
requirements for risk monitoring as it continues to advance its capabilities to 
monitor, evaluate and control impacts.

Risk controls
The Company protects itself, its stakeholders and environment from potential 
climate risk through a formal system of controls outlined in its Climate Risk 
Management Program policy. Collectively these controls are designed to protect 
the Company’s reputation and mitigate strategic, credit and financial risks. These 
include but are not limited to:

Strategy 
Berkshire's strategy focuses on three core components to drive  
sustainable progress:

1. Assessing and managing climate-related risks

2. Minimizing Berkshire's impacts on the environment

•  Governance Mechanisms: Board and Management committees are 

responsible for overseeing operations and for ensuring that climate risks 
are appropriately identified, controlled and monitored in accordance with 
Company standards and the Climate Risk Management Program policy.

•  Policies: Company policies are designed to manage climate risks in a 

consistent manner and align with the Bank’s strategic priorities. Policies 
define the control and oversight standards to effectively manage climate 
risk within the defined risk appetite and are supported by procedures across 
businesses and functions. These policies, which apply to all Company 
operations, include but are not limited to the Climate Risk Management 
Program, Responsible & Sustainable Business Policy, Environmental Loan 
Policy, Investment Policy, Deposit Policy and Loan Policy-General. 

•  Transaction Due Diligence: Berkshire maintains a formal due diligence 

framework for its business activities, which applies to all operations, and 
includes a standard and enhanced layer of due diligence. These processes are 
detailed in the Environmental & Social Risk Management section of  
this report. 

•  Exclusionary Criteria: Due to the severity of climate impacts associated with 
certain industries, Berkshire prohibits/excludes select industries exposed to 
substantial climate risk. These exclusions are included in applicable Company 
policies, including, but not limited to, the Loan Policy General and Investment 
Policy. The ESG Committee periodically reviews these lists of industries and 
updates as appropriate. As a result, Berkshire has no direct exposure to fossil 
fuel producers/extractors, coal mining, projects in critical habitats, palm 
oil, and arctic drilling. The Company generally does not do business with 
companies exposed to significant climate risks. 

•  Insurance Requirements: For residential and commercial properties secured 

by real estate. Properties located within flood districts are also required 
to carry appropriate insurance coverages. These mitigating measures help 
reduce potential financial impacts associated with physical risk events on 
properties within Berkshire’s portfolios. 

3.  Enabling clients and capturing business opportunities arising from  

the transition 

Utilizing our Climate Risk Management Program Policy and Environmental & 
Social Risk Management framework, Berkshire evaluates the Bank’s operations 
and lending activities for potential exposure to transition and physical risks 
resulting from climate change. These transition and physical risks could result in 
reputation risk over the short term (<5 years) and potentially strategic and credit 
risks over long term (11+ years) horizons absent of mitigating controls and 
programs. The results of the risk assessment are shared with business line 
partners to discuss mitigating activities, as well as appropriate management and 
board committees in alignment with our governance framework. 

As a bank, it’s important for us to understand and assess how climate risks could 
impact our business and our customers. We’ve identified three areas of our 
business that are most vulnerable to climate risks: our residential mortgage and 
commercial real estate portfolios (cRE) as well as our commercial and industrial 
(c&I) portfolio. To assess the vulnerability of our residential and commercial real 
estate portfolios, we evaluated how physical risks, such as direct damage from 
hazards, could impact property values, repayment and residual values. 
Ultimately, we found that flooding was the largest threat due to the geographic 
distribution of the portfolio. Our c&I portfolio is most vulnerable to transition 
risks. To assess transition risk, we looked at Berkshire’s c&I portfolio at the 
industry level using the North American Industry Classification System (NAIcS) 
and then assessed each sector’s vulnerability based on how these industries 
operate today and how they are projected to be impacted by shifting consumer 
preferences and regulation. Due to the size, scope and complexity of our 
operations, we focus on industries most vulnerable to transition risk.

25

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportEnvironmental sustainability

Climate risk heat map and credit exposure  
of Berkshire’s commercial and industrial  
(c&i) portfolio:

Risks
Our assessment processes primarily look at the two main sets of climate  
risks (transition and physical risk) and their impacts over short- (<5 years), 
medium- (5 – 10 years) and long-term (11+ years) horizons on borrowers  
and the bank. 

•  Transition Risk is the risk that occurs with the movement toward lower 
carbon, greener energy systems and economies as the world reduces its 
reliance on fossil fuels and other carbon-intensive industries. Transition 
risks over short-, medium- and long-term horizons can include changes in 
consumer preferences, additional regulatory requirements or policy such 
as taxes, and use of new technologies. Such developments could increase 
Berkshire’s, its customers’ and third parties’ operating costs, reduce demand 
for services from select customer segments and impact current strategies. 
Reputation and customer relationships could be damaged as a result of 
Berkshire’s practices related to climate change mitigation as well as through 
its or its customers’ direct or indirect involvement with industries or projects 
with heightened climate related risks. Over the long term, transition risks 
could also manifest in potential credit impacts affecting borrowers’ ability 
to repay obligations, increasing operating costs, creating stranded assets, 
uncertainty of residual values and potential loan losses.

Over the short term, the likelihood and impacts of transition risks are 
expected to be muted, but as we look out over medium- and long-term 
horizons, existing legislation and further shifts in the economy will  
begin to elevate risk levels leading to an increased probability for impacts. 
Approximately 5% of Berkshire’s c&I portfolio is exposed to the highest  
level of transition risk over the long term. These transition risks are managed 
through ongoing monitoring, existing industry exclusions, due diligence 
processes, policies, insurance requirements, business continuity planning, 
target setting and product development.

•   Physical Risk is the direct effect of more frequent extreme weather-related 
events or changing weather patterns on a physical asset or property such as 
homes or commercial real estate. The physical risks of climate change over 
short-, medium- and long-term horizons include weather-related events, such  
as flooding and tornados, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as 
extreme heat, rising sea levels and more severe droughts. Such events could 
disrupt Berkshire’s operations and impact customers or third parties on 
which Berkshire relies, including through direct damage to physical assets 
and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. This 
could impact borrowers’ ability to repay obligations, devalue physical assets 
resulting in uncertain residual values and affect third parties’ ability to deliver 

sector

Real Estate

Utilities 

Transportation 

Insurance 

Mining 

Oil and Gas Extraction/
Refining/Pipeline

total  
exposure 
($)

% of  
total c&i 
portfolio 

transition 
risk

physical 
risk

$231MM

17%

Medium

Medium-
High

$38MM

$26MM

~$4MM

$386M

$0

3%

2%

<1%

<1%

0%

2%

High

Medium

Medium-
High

Medium-
Low

Medium

High

High

High

High

Medium

High

Medium-
High

Retail Trade (Gas Stations)

$22MM

Agriculture 

$1MM

<1%

Medium

Medium

*Dollars reported are as of risk assessment date 12/31/2023. The loan population for this  
assessment looked at Berkshire’s C&I portfolio at the industry level using the North American 
Industry Classification System (NAICS). It focused on industries most vulnerable to transition risk. 
Industry aggregations may differ from other reporting based on scope and data requirements 
unique to climate analysis. Highest risk exposure was further broken down by subindustry  
where appropriate.

on service expectations. In turn, this could lead to operational disruptions, 
loan losses and an inability to fully recoup funds due to uncertain residual 
values over long-term horizons.  

Over the short and medium term, the likelihood and impacts of physical risks 
are expected to be episodic and isolated, but as we look out over longer-term 
horizons, changes in water levels around low-lying areas as a result of global 
warming and/or more frequent weather-related events will begin to elevate  
risk levels leading to an increased probability for impacts. Less than 1% of 
Berkshire’s residential mortgage portfolio and approximately 13% of its 
commercial real estate portfolio could be exposed to varying levels of  
physical risk, most notably flooding. These physical risks are managed  
through ongoing monitoring, due diligence processes, policies, insurance 
requirements, balance sheet management, business continuity planning,  
target setting and product development.

Natural resource management
Berkshire continues to minimize its use of and impact on natural resources as 
well as reduce waste within its operations. As part of Berkshire’s responsible and 
sustainable business policy, the Company has laid out a clear commitment to 
protect critical habitats and biodiversity as well as a policy to reduce waste 
within its operations. We ensure projects meet local, state and federal 
environmental regulations and permitting requirements. For projects in 
industries with potential for significant impacts, additional due diligence may be 

Physical risk: 
total exposure of residential and commercial properties located in 
areas prone to some level of physical risk (flooding) 
portfolio 

% of total portfolio 

total exposure

Commercial Real Estate

Residential Mortgage 

$566MM

$4.5MM

13% (CRE)

<1% (Mortgage) 

required for projects to be considered for financing. We provide multiple business 
waste recycling initiatives, including technology recycling, ensuring no 
technology ends up in landfills, shred bins to recycle paper, and filtered water at 
locations to reduce plastic and paper consumptions, and we encourage 
employees to use reusable drinking containers and packaging.

We continue to monitor the development of frameworks, including the  
Task-Force for Nature Related Financial Disclosure, as we look to further  
assess the risks and opportunities arising from how the Company impacts the 
natural environment. That being said, as a community bank operating in the 
Northeastern United States, Berkshire's core business activities have limited 
impacts on the natural environment, especially in light of local controls and its 
strong existing Company policies, programs and processes designed to mitigate 
potential negative impacts.

Opportunities ahead
At Berkshire, our purpose is to empower the financial potential of all individuals in 
our communities. We see our role addressing climate change and financing the 
transition as one way in which we fulfill that purpose. Recognizing the 
opportunities across sectors to power the transition to a lower-carbon economy, 
Berkshire announced and has nearly doubled a goal to lend and invest $300MM in 
low-carbon projects. In addition, we believe that Berkshire is equipped to build 
resilience in our communities and across our own operations in three key areas: 

1.  Improving our own operational performance by accelerating our GHG 

reduction targets, reducing energy consumption, increasing our use of 
renewable energy, reducing surplus real estate holdings and strengthening 
the integration of climate change matters into additional business processes. 

We’ve made steady progress in all these areas, achieving 100% renewable 
electricity use, reducing our GHG emissions, and optimizing surplus real 
estate. In addition to the environmental benefits, these actions have helped 
reduce operating costs.

26

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability Report 
 
Environmental sustainability

2.  Growing our business to harness the momentum of the  

low-carbon transition through financing renewable electricity 
generation, green building development, sustainable investing 
(SRI) portfolios and more, which complement our other 
environmentally conscious financial solutions, such as our 
MassSave® Heat Loan. 

Berkshire has made significant progress increasing its financing 
of green projects across its portfolios, as it explores additional 
innovative opportunities to collaborate with the public and 
private sector to accelerate the transition. This included the 
successful allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds of 
its inaugural a sustainability bond, the first such issuance by 
a U.S. bank holding company with under $150B in assets. The 
issuance supported Berkshire’s sustainable finance activities 
while lowering its cost of capital.

3.  Helping our customers and partners become more climate 
resilient by sharing our expertise and expanding financial  
solution offerings. 

Berkshire regularly assesses opportunities as part of its normal 
business operations and strategic planning to ensure it’s 
appropriately sourcing, evaluating, integrating and capitalizing on 
opportunities as market demand and government policy shift and 
risk-mitigating strategies strengthen. 

Metrics and targets
The Company is conscious of the impact of its own operations on 
the environment and works diligently to measure, monitor and 
mitigate its direct and indirect environmental impacts. To set the 
foundation for future progress, Berkshire is pleased to share its full 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG inventory and limited operational Scope 3 
inventory. As the company continues to mature its program, we 
expect to disclose additional metrics and targets, including Scope 
3 emissions and financed emissions, which we expect to be the 
most significant source of GHG emissions within our inventory. 

Berkshire set a $300MM target to help finance the green transition 
by the end of 2024 and has deployed the equivalent of nearly 

double that as of year-end. Berkshire continues to explore 
medium-term Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction  
goals as it strives to reduce its overall emissions. As of year-end, 
Berkshire had already eliminated its Scope 2 emissions and 
reduced its Scope 1 emissions by 31% from the prior year. 
Ultimately this led to an overall scope 1 and 2 emissions  
reduction of 36%. Contributing to the emissions reductions was 
the transition to 100% renewable electricity, achieved through  
a combination of power purchase agreements, virtual net 
metering, greening of the grid and a small number of renewable 
energy credits.

The Company continues to reduce its Scope 3 impacts of 
purchased goods, including paper usage, by 77% from its 2014 
baseline. The Company also sourced 93% of its paper products 
from sustainable sources including recycled, SFI and FSC products. 
Berkshire continues with its real estate optimization effort to 
further reduce our environmental footprint and we implemented a 
100% virtual network in our financial centers that decreases 
energy usage, enhances our security posture and increases uptime 
to better serve our customers. Collectively, these efforts will help 
drive further reductions in GHG emissions as Berkshire continues 
to mature its program.

Berkshire’s next steps
As a Bank founded more than 175 years ago, our heritage will 
continue to guide us as we move further along in our climate 
journey. We expect to continue to enhance our plans, programs  
and initiatives to reduce our emissions, as well as capitalize on  
the many business opportunities arising from the transition to a 
lower-carbon economy. 

Electricity use by state
state

% renewable total use (mwh)

MA

CT

RI

VT

NY

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

5545

842

300

188

2256

Greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory

ConSumption 
(2023)

unit

2022 emissions 
(TCo2E)

2023 emissions 
(TCo2E)

percentage of 
2023 total

Scope 1: Direct GHG Emissions 

Natural Gas

Propane 

Oil 

Total Scope 1

303,670

thM

7,458

44,104

355,232

thM

thM

thM

2473.6

81.6

313.9

2869.2

Scope 2: Indirect GHG Emissions from Purchased Electricity* 

Electricity; Renewables

9131

Mwh

Electricity; Grid 

Total Scope 2

0

0

Mwh

Mwh

0

225.6

225.6

1,612.9

47.1

329.8

1,989.8

0

0

0

75%

2%

16%

93%

0%

0%

0%

Scope 3: Other Indirect Emissions 

Category 1: Purchased Goods/Paper

Category 5: Waste

Category 6: Business Travel

Total Scope 3

Total 2022 GHG Emissions: 3,589.1 TCO2E

Total 2023 GHG Emissions: 2,142.9 TCO2E

2022 emissions 
(TCo2E)

2023 emissions 
(TCo2E)

percentage of 
2022 total

21.2

343.6

129.5

494.3

17.2

72

63.9

153.1

1%

3%

3%

7%

*Emissions calculated using the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and EPA U.S. EEIO emissions factors. Scope 2 emissions calculated using 
market-based methodology. Scope 3 emissions calculated using spend methodology.

27

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability Report 
 
Awards &

recognition

Sustainable Business Network 
Massachusetts Sustainable Business of the Year — Bank

Best of the Berkshires 
Best Mortgage

Human Rights Campaign  
Corporate Equality Index 
2024, 2023, 2022, 2021

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 
2023, 2022, 2021, 2020

Forbes 
America’s Best Midsize Employers 

Newsweek 
America’s Most Trustworthy Companies  

America's Best Regional Banks

Communitas Awards 
International Leadership Award for Corporate Social Responsibility  

and Community Service — 2023 - 2017

Boston Business Journal 
Top Charitable Contributor — 11th straight year

28

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability Reportprior result current result

topic

measure

prior result current result

Appendix  SuStainability SCoRECaRd

topic

measure

Financial Access and Affordability

Homeownership

Dollar Value of Mortgages Originated

Small Business Lending

Dollar Value of Loans Outstanding to Support Small Businesses 

Number of Loans Outstanding to Support Small Businesses 

Number of Small Business Loans Past Due

Dollar Value of Small Business Loans Past Due 

Dollar Value of all Qualified Community Development Loans Originated 

Number of Community Development Loans Outstanding

Financial Wellness and 
Economic Inclusion 

Responsible Banking

Business Ethics and 
Consumer Financial 
Protection

Dollar Value of Community Development Loans Past Due

Dollar Value of Qualified Community Development Investments  
Held at Year-End

Number of Individuals Impacted by Financial Wellness Programming

Number of Low-/No-Cost Retail Checking Accounts

Code of Business Conduct

Whistleblower Reporting Line Policy

Privacy Notice

Online Privacy Notice

Number and Amount of Anti-Competition Fines

Number & Amount of Fines for Bribery and Corruption

Number & Amount of Fines for Marketing and Labeling

Customer Satisfaction 

Number of Customer Problems Referred to Our Complaint Center

Percent of Customer Problems Addressed at Year-End

Community Development 
Lending and Investments 

Number of Community Development Loans Past Due

Dollar Value of all Qualified Community Development Loans Outstanding

$318MM

$501MM

Percent of Employees Completing Ethics or Code of Conduct Training

99%

99%

Leadership and Governance

Corporate Governance Policy

Number of Board Directors

Number of Independent Directors

Percent the Board comprised of women

Board of Directors

Percent the Board comprised of ethnic minorities

Board Committees

Risk Management  
and Compliance 

CRA Rating 

Number of Hours of Compliance Training

Human Capital Management

$1.1B

$289MM

4,286

207

$6.6MM

$67MM

76

$691MM

$239MM

3,793

166

$6.8MM

$123MM

85

0

$0

$71MM

157,862

180,231

0

$0

$83MM

149,637

180,191

Recruitment, Retention, 
Training, Development 
and Engagement

Available Online

Available Online

Available Online

Available Online

0

0

0

1,636

100%

0

0

0

2,360

99%

Total Number of FTEs

Total Employee Count

Number of Full-Time Employees

Number of Part-Time Employees

Number of Temporary Employees

Retention Rate

Turnover Rate

Voluntary Turnover

Involuntary Turnover 

Promotion Rate 

Average Tenure (Years)

Average Age (Years)

Minimum Wage (P/Hr)

Number of Cyber Breaches

Not disclosed 

Not disclosed

Percent of Employees Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements

Data Privacy, 
Cybersecurity  
and Fraud

Environmental & Social 
Risk Management 

Percent of Employees Completing Information Security and Fraud Training

Number of Information Security Presentations to Board/Board  
Committee (Annually) 

Number of Transactions Granted Exceptions from Responsible and Sustainable 
Business Policy (ESG)

Percent of Employees Completing Corporate Responsibility Policy Training

Responsible and Sustainable Business Policy 

Environmental & Social Risk Management Overview

Responsible Asset 
Management

Dollar amount of Socially Responsible Assets (SRI) Under Management

Percentage of SRI Assets Under Management

100%

3

0

99%

99%

2

0

99%

Available Online

Pg. 14

$41MM

<1%

$46MM

<1%

Available Online

12

11

33%

33%

13

12

38%

31%

Committee Charters Available Online: 
Corporate Governance/Nominating; 
Corporate Responsibility and Culture; 
Compliance and Regulatory; Risk 
Management and Capital; Audit Committee; 
Compensation Committee

Satisfactory

Satisfactory 

9,127

10,675

1,310

1,337

1,282

55

2

71%

27%

25%

2%

20%

7.2 

43.6

$17

0

1,340

1,364

1,316

48

16

79%

21%

18%

3%

11%

7.4 

44.2

$17

0

29

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportAppendix  SuStainability SCoRECaRd

topic

measure

Human Capital Management

Percent workforce comprised of women

Percent of manager roles (officer+) comprised of women 

Percent of executive management roles comprised of women

Percent workforce comprised of ethnic minorities

Percent of manager roles (officer+) comprised of ethnic minorities

Percent of executive management roles comprised of ethnic 
minorities

Percent workforce comprised of those with a disability

Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion

Percent workforce comprised of veterans

Chief Diversity Officer or equivalent

Board Chairperson is a woman

Gender Balance in Board Leadership

Chief Financial Officer is a woman

Percentage of women in non-managerial positions

Percentage of women total promotions

Percentage of women in IT/Engineering

Percentage of women attrition

Percentage of new hires are women

Time-bound action plan with targets to increase the  
representation of women in leadership positions

Time-bound action plan with targets to increase the  
representation of women in the company

Adjusted mean gender pay gap

Global mean (average) raw gender pay gap

Gender Pay Equity & Time-bound action plan to  
close any gender pay gap

Executive compensation linked to gender diversity  
or diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI)

prior result

current result

topic

measure

prior result

current result

Number of weeks of fully paid secondary  
parental leave offered

Parental leave retention rate

Back-up family care services or subsidies  
through the company

Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion

Flexible working policy

Employee resource groups for women

Unconscious bias training

Anti-sexual harassment training

Percent of Employees Completing Diversity,  
Equity, Inclusion and Bias Training

Percent of Employees Eligible for Benefits

Health and Wellness

Number of Workplace Accidents

Number of Workplace Fatalities

Community

Number of Nonprofit Organizations Supported 

Dollars Granted by Foundation to Nonprofit Organizations 

Percent of Contributions Benefiting Underresourced Populations

Community Investments 

Total Dollar Value of All Community Contributions 

Percent of Employee Participation in Xteam® Volunteer Program

Number of Hours of Volunteer Service

Number of Company Volunteer Events

 N/A

80%

 N/A

92%

Yes. Berkshire provides a day 
care reimbursement program 
and a dependent care 
expense account.

Yes. Berkshire provides a day 
care reimbursement program 
and a dependent care 
expense account.

Yes. Berkshire provides 
flexible work arrangements, 
including the ability to work 
fully remote dependent on 
the duties of one’s job.

Yes. Berkshire provides 
flexible work arrangements, 
including the ability to work 
fully remote dependent on 
the duties of one’s job.

Yes. Power of Women 
Employee Resource Group

Yes. Power of Women 
Employee Resource Group

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

99%

97%

20

0

518

$2.8MM

71%

$3.5MM

94%

23,063

168

99%

~100%

16

0

538

$2.5MM

78%

$3.4MM

89%

21,542

269

67%

54%

42%

16%

11%

17%

3%

Yes

No

66%

55%

29%

16%

12%

14%

5%

1%

Yes

No

40%  
(2 of 5 committees)

40%  
(2 of 5 committees)

No

76%

68%

42%

81%

67%

No

53%

67%

42%

63%

59%

Development programs 
detailed in 2023 
Sustainability Report  
pages 19 –20

Development programs 
detailed in 2023 
Sustainability Report  
pages 19 –20

N/A, More than 50% 
workforce is comprised  
of women

N/A, More than 50% 
workforce is comprised  
of women

Not disclosed

Not disclosed

Not disclosed

Not disclosed

Annual Review

Annual Review

Berkshire’s short-term 
incentive (“STI”) program 
includes a specific ESG 
component in the calculation 
of the total STI plan funding. 
This measurement is based 
on a qualitative assessment 
of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, 
its social/community 
impacts, and other results of 
its ESG initiatives, which 
include DEI related items. 

Berkshire’s short-term 
incentive (“STI”) program 
includes a specific ESG 
component in the calculation 
of the total STI plan funding. 
This measurement is based 
on a qualitative assessment 
of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, 
its social/community 
impacts, and other results of 
its ESG initiatives, which 
include DEI related items.

Number of weeks of fully paid primary  
parental leave offered

6 Weeks Maternity, Parental 
Leave by State

6 Weeks Maternity, Parental 
Leave by State

30

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportAppendix  SuStainability SCoRECaRd

topic

measure

Environmental Sustainability

Number of Environmental Fines

Amount of Paper Recycled 

Percent of Company Electronics Recycled 

Percent of Sustainably Harvested and Environmentally  
Conscious Paper

Percent of Paper Reduction (from 2014 Baseline)

Total Electricity Usage (Mwh)

Total Renewable Electricity Usage (Mwh)

Total Nonrenewable Electricity Usage (Mwh)

Percent of Nonrenewable Electricity Usage 

Percent of Renewable Electricity Usage

Lending to Low-Carbon Projects 

Scope 1 GHG Emissions (TCo2E)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (TCo2E)

Scope 3 GHG Emissions (TCo2E)

Energy and Natural 
Resource Management

Climate Change 

prior result

current result

taSk foRCE on ClimatE-RElatEd finanCial diSCloSuRES  
(tCfd) indEx
topic

berkshire’s response

0

191 tons

100%

5%

78%

8,987

8,044

943

10% 

90%

$290MM

2,869.2

225.6

494.3

0

155 tons

100%

93%

77%

9,131

9,131

0

0% 

100%

$227MM

1,989.8

0

153.1

Governance

Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities

“Climate Governance” pg. 24 of this report 

Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities

“Climate Governance” pg. 24 of this report 

Risk Management

Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks

Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks

"Environmental & Social Risk Management" pg. 14-16 
and “Risk Management” pg. 24 of this report

"Environmental & Social Risk Management" pg. 14-16 
and “Risk Management” pg. 24 of this report

Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are  
integrated into the organization’s overall risk management

"Environmental & Social Risk Management" pg. 14-16 
and “Risk Management” pg. 24 of this report

Strategy

Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, 
medium and long term

“Strategy Risks and Opportunities”  
pg. 25 – 26 of this report

Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses,  
strategy and financial planning

“Strategy Risks and Opportunities”  
pg. 25–26 of this report

Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different  
climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario

“Strategy Risks and Opportunities”  
pg. 25 – 26 of this report

Metrics and Targets

GHG Intensity (TCO2E/
USD Revenue)

Scope 1 & Scope 2

0.00000748

0.0000052

Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in  
line with its strategy and risk management process

“Metrics and Targets” pg. 26 – 27 of this report

Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions  
and the related risks

“Metrics and Targets” pg. 26 – 27 of this report

Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities  
and performance against targets

“Metrics and Targets” pg. 26 – 27 of this report

31

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. — BHLB | berkshirebank.com  » 2023 Sustainability ReportHow to connect

X 
@BerkshireBank  »

LinkedIn 
linkedin.com/company/berkshirebank  »

Facebook 
facebook.com/BerkshireBank  »

Instagram 
@berkshirebank  »

2023
Summary 
Annual Report

nyse: bhlb

For more information on Berkshire Hills 
Bancorp, see our 2023 Annual Report:  
berkshirebank.com/annual2023

This document contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). There are several factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from 
expectations described in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of such factors, please see Berkshire’s most recently filed reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.
gov. Berkshire does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements.

Banking products are provided by Berkshire Bank: Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. Berkshire Bank is a Massachusetts chartered bank.

Investment products are NOT FDIC-INSURED, are NOT A BANK DEPOSIT, NOT GUARANTEED BY THE BANK, NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY and MAY LOSE VALUE.

Rev. 4/5/2024

Berkshire is headquartered in Boston and provides a full suite of tailored banking solutions.

For more than 175 years, the Bank has delivered strength, stability and trusted advice to empower the financial potential of its clients and communities.

Our vision To be a high performing, relationship driven, community focused bank.

Our mission To empower the financial potential of individuals, families, businesses and organizations by making banking available where, when and how it’s needed.

Reporting scope and boundary This report presents the material topics and impacts of Berkshire's Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility activities during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted.

This report encompasses all of Berkshire Hills Bancorp’s wholly owned operations and activities.

Throughout this report, Berkshire Bank or the Bank refers to Berkshire Bank.

BHLB or the Company refers to Berkshire Hills Bancorp.

All data reported in currency is in USD and abbreviated to M (thousands), MM (millions) and B (billions).

This document is not required to be prepared or filedby the Company (as defined in this document) under U.S. securities laws, and the information contained herein should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality of disclosure required in securities law filings.

Reporting framework Berkshire Hills Bancorp’s Sustainability report is informed by globally recognized reporting frameworks and standards, including the IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) SASB Commercial Bank disclosure standards version 2023 12, the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TcFD), and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards.

We continue to monitor the reporting landscape to ensure it aligns with best practices as well as the size and complexity of our operations.

Sustainable development goals (sdgs) Launched in 2015 by the United Nations General Assembly and signed by 193 world leaders, the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) provide a plan for action to address challenges across the globe.

For more than 175 years, Berkshire has been a trusted advisor for its clients, employees and communities.

We deliver tailored financial solutions through knowledgeable, relationship driven, community focused bankers, empowering our clients to navigate through any environment, achieve their financial goals and make a positive impact in our communities.

Despite an inflationary and uncertain macroeconomic environment affecting the entire banking sector, Berkshire remains a trusted source of strength and stability.

Our clients trust us to keep their money safe, secure and guide them through their financial journey.

In turn, we are committed to delivering superior client experience and financial solutions that align with their needs.

Operating responsibly, ethically, equitably and sustainably is not just an expectation of our stakeholders it’s the mandate for operating a high performing business in today’s landscape.

Over the last year, Berkshire has continued to meet the moment and accelerate its journey toward high performance while remaining true to its purpose, vision and values.

First community bank in the nation to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds from our 100 million inaugural sustainability bond within 12 months.

Achievement of 100% renewable electricity use in our operations.

Implementation of a climate risk management program.

Deployment of more than 2.5 billion in low moderate income neighborhoods since launching our Community Comeback program.

Recognition by Newsweek as one of the most trustworthy banks in the nation and Best Regional Bank.

Our initiatives are elevating our reputation, strengthening risk management capabilities and bolstering long term shareholder value.

All the while, these actions contribute to a positive impact on the people, places and programs that you care about the most.

We have a lot to be proud of, but there’s still more to do to realize our full potential.

Our energy levels are high and we’re confident that the journey ahead will allow us to continue to meet the demands of today, while getting better for tomorrow.

We appreciate your continued interest and support for Berkshire.

In September 2021, we launched our BEST Community Comeback, a multiyear 5 billion commitment that is rooted in our purpose to power the financial potential of our communities.

The plan focuses on strengthening all of our communities and unleashing the untapped potential within every community we serve through four key areas: fueling small businesses, community financing and philanthropy, financial access and empowerment, and environmental sustainability.

Through this effort, Berkshire will create and save countless jobs, invest in our neighborhoods and employees, and strengthen our diversity, equity and inclusion work in our communities.

BEST Community Comeback performance includes July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2023 results.

BEST Community Comeback runs through December 31, 2024.

Performance and goal includes individuals impacted by direct programming delivered by Berkshire employees and programming delivered through nonprofit partners funded by Berkshire and or its Foundation.

Our sustainability report centers on the material topics identified in our most recent sustainability materiality assessment.

We define material topics as those that affect our economic, environmental and social performance or influence the decisions of our stakeholders today and into the future.

These topics drive the content, structure and scope of our report and program.

Detailed information on our most recent Materiality Assessment can be found on our website at berkshirebank.com esg.

It’s our goal to engage stakeholders clearly, honestly and respectfully to understand current and emerging trends that impact our business operations.

We work together to identify topics that demand our attention.

We are proactive and responsive to the unique needs of all stakeholders, evaluating each of their priorities based on its influence, legitimacy and urgency.

Stakeholders are able to submit grievances and complaints to Berkshire for action through multiple channels.

We understand that meaningful engagement with our stakeholders is critical to improving our business and communities.

Throughout this report, we reference topics contained in the IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) SASB Commercial Bank disclosure standards.

Our investor performance summary presents the topics and standards that are most relevant to our operations and highlights where those quantitative and qualitative measures can be found.

If a standard is not disclosed, it is because it is not considered material or is privileged or confidential could cause a competitive disadvantage or is not collected in a manner that allows us to correlate it to an SASB standard.

Detailed analysis relevant to all our stakeholders is shared on subsequent pages throughout this report.

The figures provided encompass all no cost, as defined by SASB, retail checking accounts.

The Company does not collect information in a way that would allow us to correlate those accounts to unbanked or underbanked individuals.

Berkshire recognizes that owning a home does more than put a roof over your head.

It is the key to unlocking upward economic mobility, helping our neighborhoods flourish.

These efforts were made all the more important given the housing market trends that took place in the communities we serve.

High interest rates, home prices and low inventory continued to create significant obstacles to many trying to enter the housing market.

Despite these headwinds, Berkshire continues to assist its borrowers, originating 691MM in mortgages during the last year, to help individuals realize the dream of homeownership.

Berkshire expanded its first time homebuyer program, down payment assistance program and maintains alternative credit underwriting standards for those with no credit history for select mortgage products.

These programs were all aimed at assisting low and moderate income borrowers as well as those from underrepresented populations.

In addition, Berkshire offers a comprehensive suite of mortgage options, including the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Home Equity Builder Program, USDA Residential Program, VA Mortgages and the FHA Loan Program, along with numerous state and local programs to meet each borrower’s unique needs.

If customers run into challenges paying their bills, we offer a number of loan forbearance options, as well as financial coaching, to help get people back on track.

The Bank continued to make significant progress on its BEST Community Comeback program, marching toward its goal to deliver 2.5 billion to help people achieve the dream of homeownership.

Thanks to the collective efforts of Berkshire employees and partners, the Bank provided 1.82 billion through the program as of year end, including 320 million for minority borrowers.

Berkshire's Down Payment Assistance Program aims to increase homeownership amongst low to moderate income and first time homebuyers.

Eligible borrowers purchasing a home in a qualifying area may receive down payment assistance from 3,500 to 10,000 towards the purchase price.

The grant is considered a gift, and no lien is filed.

The Bank will consider an alternative credit if needed. (i.e., Rent statements, electric bills, phone bills) when applying for certain mortgage products.

Programs are available on a first come first serve basis.

Small businesses are the backbone of our main streets and local economies.

Businesses faced continued pressures from the macroeconomic environment, tight labor market, and high interest rates.

Despite the state of the economy, and how it continues to affect the trajectories of many small businesses throughout our market, most remain optimistic about their future.

That’s in part because Berkshire, as it always has, stands by its small business customers, providing support, guidance and financing to navigate through the tough times and help make the best ones possible.

Berkshire and its 44 Business Capital Division have dedicated teams of experts to help with every small businesses’ financing needs.

The Company remains one of the top SBA lenders in the Country providing several SBA and traditional lending solutions as well as a full suite of depository, cash management and merchant services.

We understand the outsized impact small businesses have on local communities and that’s why, as part of our BEST Community Comeback program, we set a goal to fuel the untapped potential of the business community by increasing our financing, technical assistance and development of new partnerships to prepare entrepreneurs for success, as well as increasing representation among historically marginalized populations.

Since the launch of the program, Berkshire has deployed 833 million in capital to power small business growth as we continue to expand partnerships with organizations such as the Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (IcIc), EforAll and dozens of others.

In addition, Berkshire expanded its special purpose credit programs, such as The Futures Fund, to further assist business owners from marginalized and underrepresented communities.

Berkshire is responsible for collaborating with local government, nonprofit, private sector and individual stakeholders to deploy its capital in a manner that helps enable the potential of every community.

We harness our expertise to catalyze economic development in urban and rural communities across our footprint through our community development lending and investment programs.

Our community development lending program encompasses activities aimed at creating jobs, stabilizing and revitalizing neighborhoods, and building stronger communities.

The Bank originated 123MM in qualified community development loans in 2023, an increase of more than 80% from the prior year, as we focused on organic growth and delivering on our BEST Community Comeback.

The Bank has a total outstanding balance of 501MM for all community development loans.

The Company makes targeted investments and tax credit financing through federal and state programs, holding 83MM in community development investments at year end.

During our most recent Community Reinvestment Act (cRA) exam in 2022, the Bank had an overall rating of Satisfactory and was rated Satisfactory for Lending and Outstanding for Community Development Investments.

Our cRA exam results and other formal and informal regulatory guidance help inform goal setting and the Company’s strategy.

Berkshire became the first public U.S. community bank holding company with under 150 billion in assets to issue a Sustainability Bond with a 100 million issuance last year.

In 2023, Berkshire allocated an amount equal to the proceeds from its inaugural sustainability bond to projects resulting in the creation of 330 units of affordable and workforce housing along with more than 200,000 square feet of green building development.

Amounts equal to the proceeds from the bond were allocated in alignment with Berkshire's Sustainable Financing Framework.

Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company, and the global leader in high quality ESG research, ratings, and data, independently verified that Berkshire's Sustainable Financing Framework is credible and impactful and aligns with the International Capital Market Association's (ICMA) Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, Green Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond Principles 2021 .

Berkshire's Sustainability Bond Report further details how allocations were made to support affordable housing, workforce housing, green building and financial access and inclusion projects in communities across New England and New York.

Beyond its sustainability bond, Berkshire looks for innovative ways to advance its business priorities through sustainable finance and impact investing.

The Bank partners with public and private entities, including state green banks, to offer several sustainable financial solutions to residential and commercial clients.

This includes the Mass Save HEAT Loan program, which provides zero interest financing opportunities up to 50,000 for energy efficient home upgrades.

In addition, Berkshire makes targeted impact investments in Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC) and other strategically aligned assets that are within risk appetite and drive a competitive rate of return.

The Company also has a strong tax credit business whereby it makes targeted investments in low income housing tax credits (LIHTC), historic tax credits (HTC) and solar tax credits to further Berkshire’s goals and strengthen its Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) performance.

These investments help bring to life important economic development, revitalization and renewable energy projects while providing an appropriate return to the bank consistent with its capital and tax strategies.

For more than 175 years, the Bank has delivered strength, stability and trusted advice to empower the financial potential of its clients and communities.

From our founding to serve those working in textile mills and factories to our vision today we have been unwavering in our belief that good for some isn’t good enough.

Berkshire provides a full suite of tailored banking solutions through its Commercial Banking, Retail Banking, Consumer Lending, Private Banking and Wealth Management divisions.

That experience is further set apart by Berkshire's DigiTouchSM commitment to combining extraordinary personal service with convenient, user friendly technology.

The Bank offers a comprehensive suite of financial solutions, financial coaching and education all aimed at helping individuals to reach their financial goals and bring the unbanked and underbanked into the banking system.

These services are available in person from Berkshire Bankers, over the phone and through a dedicated financial wellness microsite.

Berkshire sponsors financial wellness programming with educational institutions and nonprofits to expand access to quality programming.

We also provide individuals with access to financial wellness literature and printed materials through our financial centers.

Berkshire strives to integrate financial wellness into our financial solutions, including our Student Checking account that features online resources that offer information, activities and conversation starters to help students build a strong foundation in financial education.

We integrated budgeting and financial management tools into our new online and mobile banking experience to help consumers strengthen the management of their finances.

We continue to offer financial wellness programs virtually, in partnership with community organizations and at targeted events, to increase their reach and accessibility, impacting nearly 150,000 people last year.

When our customers run into financial challenges, we have their backs, providing direct financial coaching and referring them to our network of nonprofit partners, including GreenPath Financial Wellness, to get the counseling and support they need to realize their full potential.

Our DigiTouchSM commitment is a defining tenet of our digital transformation and approach to financial inclusion, making banking available when, where and how customers want it.

Berkshire has robust distribution channels, including financial centers, ATMs and ITMs across its New England and New York footprint.

These digital channels provide greater access across our footprint for individuals looking to do basic banking services, fully accessible online and mobile channels, and a best in class digital online account opening experience.

This makes creating a new account from anywhere effortless, while improving fraud detection and risk based decision making.

Our unique, complimentary MyBanker Program brings the Bank to the customer based on their preference by providing a personal banker who leverages technology to deliver concierge financial services to customers, regardless of wealth, in person, by phone and video conference.

Berkshire continues to expand access to financial services throughout its markets by offering several no and low cost checking and savings accounts to young adults, senior citizens, the underbanked, active duty military members, and veterans and first responders.

These solutions offer core banking services without extra fees, monthly or annual maintenance fees or minimum average balance requirements.

The Company continues to work toward building economic equity in its communities by developing and offering safe, accessible, affordable financial solutions and programs, including its MyFreedom Checking account, nationally certified by BankOn for its affordability, and the Futures Fund.

The Futures Fund is a special purpose credit program that provides access to a low interest, low barrier to entry line of credit in collaboration with nonprofit partners who provide wrap around technical assistance to minorities, LGBTQIA and other businesses owned by underrepresented individuals.

Since launching the program in 2020, it has deployed nearly 1.7 million to underrepresented business owners.

We also offer MyCheck, which allows noncustomers to cash checks for significantly reduced fees and provides the opportunity to start a committed banking relationship.

Berkshire Bank and its Center for Women, Wellness Wealth (CWWW) announced a new effort to support the Dementia Care Collaborative (DCC), a program at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) Division of Palliative Care Geriatric Medicine.

This innovative collaboration will bolster the support patients and families living with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias receive in Boston and beyond.

Supporting women through various stages of life is core to Berkshire's mission.

CWWW seeks community collaborations to help women gain confidence in their personal finances and to help them pursue their dreams and goals.

By joining efforts with the DCC, Berkshire Bank can enrich the financial stability, balance, and growth for women throughout the community.

Berkshire Bank expanded the availability of its Futures Fund Program across its markets.

The program provides access to capital through designated Referral Partners through a low interest rate line of credit up to 50,000 to small businesses that are majority owned and led by historically marginalized and underrepresented individuals.

Overview Berkshire upholds the highest ethical standards in all areas of our business through a combination of formal policies, procedures, employee training and governance mechanisms.

The Company also works to ensure its customers and consumers are informed and protected from all types of financial malfeasance.

Berkshire maintains a Code of Business Conduct and Employee Handbook, which applies to all company employees and operations.

Employees must attest their adherence to the Code of Business Conduct upon beginning their employment and attest again annually.

The Code covers topics such as bribery, corruption, insider trading, gifts, political activity, equal employment opportunity, conflicts of interest and more.

Employees are required to complete annual training to ensure compliance with the Code and other applicable policies designed to protect consumers.

We also have numerous other policies and procedures to help identify corruption and support a strong culture of compliance applied across all operations.

Bribery and corruption Bribery and corruption are illegal and can expose employees, consumers and the Company to financial and other penalties, up to imprisonment, as well as cause significant reputational damage.

Furthermore, Berkshire’s corporate values, vision, Code of Business Conduct and Employee Handbook set expectations for how employees should perform within the workplace.

Berkshire’s Code of Business Conduct and Employee Handbook include specific definitions for bribery, corruption and facilitating payments and lay out strict anti bribery and anti facilitating payments provisions.

Whistleblower programs Our Whistleblower Reporting Line Policy establishes the standards and procedures to ensure that handling of any complaint related to violations or questionable, unethical, or suspicious Accounting Matters comply with management’s and the Audit Committee’s objectives.

The Policy applies to all Company operations and employees.

Employees receive annual training and regular communications across multiple channels, including a feature on the Company’s intranet homepage that promotes access.

Additionally, Berkshire's Code of Business Conduct, available online, provides employees with detailed instructions on how, and to whom, suspected violations of the Code can be reported depending on the nature of the violation or wrongdoing.

Upon receipt of a complaint, the Audit Committee chair or other Audit Committee designee will determine if the complaint pertains to accounting matters.

If the complaint is determined to pertain to accounting matters, the Audit Committee chair or Audit Committee designee will submit the complaint to the full Audit Committee, which will then investigate the matter and take corrective action as warranted within the judgment of the Audit Committee with Human Resources’ assistance.

If the complaint is determined to not involve accounting matters, the Audit Committee chair or Audit Committee designee may direct the complaint to other appropriate Board Committees, executive officers or employees of the Company and or outside legal or other advisors to review and, if and as necessary, conduct an investigation for determining appropriate action.

Responsible marketing and advertising Berkshire is committed to fair and transparent marketing practices and maintains strong relationships with its regulators.

The Company promotes products, services and itself in a transparent manner that is reflective of the diversity of its communities, building trust with consumers.

The Company’s comprehensive Marketing Advertising Policy, which applies to all operations, further outlines expectations for fair and responsible marketing, which includes transparent pricing information, use of clear and bold print and compliance with all regulations, including Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices (UDAAP), Truth in Savings Act, Fair Housing Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions (FAcT) Act, The Interagency Statement on Retail Sales of Non Deposit Investment and Insurance Products, Consumer Protection for Bank Sales of Insurance, cAN SPAM Act of 2003 and many more.Our Compliance team reviews all marketing materials before their posting to ensure accordance with the appropriate regulations.

Oversight of Berkshire’s marketing and advertising falls to the SVP, Director of Marketing.

The Compliance Committee provides further management level oversight, and the Board’s Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee provides board level oversight.

Employees receive annual training on fair advertising and all applicable compliance regulations impacting Berkshire’s advertising and marketing initiatives.

Sales practices As a commercial bank, Berkshire is subject to strict regulations for responsible sales and compensation practices.

It may engage in sales and marketing programs to expand its business and offer financial solutions to existing or new customers to help them realize their financial goals.

These activities are subject to numerous regulations, including the Federal Communications Commission’s (Fcc) Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TcPA) of 1991, the Federal cAN SPAM Act of 2003 and the Junk Fax Prevention Act of 2005.

It is also the intent that the Company will comply with all requirements of UDAAP (Unfair, Deceptive and Abusive Acts and Practices) through clear, concise and meaningful advertisements, disclosures, and other sales and marketing collateral used in any sales solicitation program.

Berkshire maintains a Sales Solicitation Policy that covers all employees and operations and governs all types of sales activities.

Customer facing employees and those engaged in any type of sales solicitations are required to complete annual trainings related to ethical sales practices, marketing and compliance to ensure they have the knowledge, understanding and skills to deliver a superior customer experience, comply with regulations and offer solutions that help empower our customers’ financial potential.

Debt collection As a community driven lending institution, Berkshire implements respectful and conscientious collection activities grounded in applicable law to preserve consumers’ rights.

This includes educating borrowers to maintain proper payment habits throughout the life cycle of a loan.

Berkshire Collections teams always strive to be tactful and sympathetic to the borrowers’ circumstances, while educating them on the importance of making payments and maintaining a good credit rating.

Our Collections Department also partners with other lines of business and nonprofit organizations to educate delinquent borrowers and help them build stronger financial habits.

Relevant employees receive regular, ongoing training on best practices, compliance requirements and procedures.

The department also maintains detailed procedures that outline the Company’s debt collection practices and complete quarterly monitoring reviews to ensure that we are operating within regulations and our own policies.

Our Consumer Debt Collection Policy, which applies to the Bank’s operations, helps ensure compliance with all applicable laws and ensures that our policies and procedures are guided by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.

It is to the Bank’s benefit, as well as the borrowers, to develop a relationship of understanding, trust and cooperation.

Our collectors always strive to offer mutually beneficial solutions and alternatives to rectify the borrower’s delinquency within the shortest period of time, while also preserving bank safety and soundness requirements.

Bank secrecy act (BSA) and anti money laundering (AML) As a financial institution, Berkshire must maintain a comprehensive AML program that includes established internal policies, procedures, and controls, a designated BSA AML Officer, an ongoing employee training program, initial and ongoing risk based customer due diligence, and testing of the program by an independent audit function.

Money laundering is a by product of drug trafficking, terrorism, or other illegal activity.

Because of this, it is the responsibility of the Board of Directors and all employees to not only comply with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act but to be proactive in the prevention of these activities and vigilant in looking for activities at the institution that may constitute money laundering.

Berkshire maintains a comprehensive Bank Secrecy Act Anti Money Laundering Policy designed to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations and laws as well as support strong risk management practices.

The policy applies to all Company operations and includes our customer due diligence and identification program (Know Your Customer).

The policy details the requirements for our BSA AML program, reporting, information sharing, sale of financial instruments, defines high risk customers and products services along with exceptions.

The policy also contains Berkshire’s commitment to identify unusual and suspicious transactions, defines key terms, and ensures Berkshire takes steps and actions against those who attempt to use its services for financial criminal conduct.

Our policy includes the appointment of a BSA AML officer who has day to day responsibility for the BSA and AML efforts, a system of internal controls, self monitoring and independent testing, customer due diligence and training.

Our employee training program includes provisions to ensure that personnel, including senior management, who have contact with customers, who see customer transaction activity or who handle cash in any way, receive appropriate BSA AML training at least annually.

We have a detailed reporting process that includes currency transaction reporting (cTR), suspicious activity reporting (SAR), a task force and ongoing record keeping requirements.

Berkshire maintains extensive procedures for high risk customers and products or services as part of the policy.

This includes enhanced due diligence and monitoring requirements.

Our Customer Identification Program (CIP) ensures compliance with all regulatory requirements and details all the steps Berkshire undertakes to verify the identity of all its customers, along with risk management and board oversight.

In addition, not less than annually, our Internal Audit Department, or a suitable independent third party of their choosing, reviews the Bank’s compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and its BSA AML program.

The policy is reviewed and approved annually by applicable Committees and the Board of Directors.

Product development and oversight We are committed to responsibly developing financial solutions to meet our customers’ needs.

Our Products and Services Development Policy creates a governance process for developing and implementing new, modified and enhanced products and services to ensure risks are identified, understood and managed.

Proposed products are developed and implemented consistent with sound risk management practices and align with the Company’s overall business plans and strategies.

Proposed products also must encourage fair access to financial services and fair treatment of consumers consistent with the Company’s values and applicable laws and regulations.

Risk management for new products and services is the responsibility of various stakeholders across the Company, including the full Board of Directors, Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee of the Board, Enterprise Risk Management Committee, Products and Services Development Committee, Executive Management and Line of Business Owners.

Our Products and Services Development Committee helps ensure our financial solutions are delivered consistently with our values, ethical standards, policies and practices.

The committee oversees the assessment of the design, risks, profitability and viability of new, modified and expanded products and services.

It also provides guidance and oversight during the due diligence and implementation of proposed products and services, as well as monitors results to ensure compliance with risk tolerances, diversification standards, strategic missions and regulatory requirements.

All products undergo a thorough risk assessment, which includes, but is not limited to, an evaluation of financial, strategic, credit, compliance and reputational risks.

This includes an evaluation of the social impact, along with any social environmental risks related to the proposed product or service.

To further ensure those risks and opportunities are appropriately mitigated and captured, the Company’s Chief Diversity Officer and Chief Communication Sustainability Officer serve as voting members of the committee.

Through its formal assessment process, the committee helps ensure that new products and services are designed to fulfill the needs of consumers before they are launched.

Berkshire maintains monitoring systems to ensure it continuously monitors the social impact and risks of its portfolio of financial solutions to ensure it’s protecting the best interests of its customers and communities.

In addition, customer facing employees receive annual training for all new products and services.

Berkshire views our customers’ satisfaction as paramount to our success and, as such, incorporated publicly disclosed measures and goals into our strategic plan to enhance our current performance.

The Company’s goal is to be in the top quartile of all banks in New England in its Net Promoter Score, a measurement of customer loyalty that predicts business growth.

Berkshire has made steady progress toward that goal and to ultimately achieve it, we have multiple programs in place to monitor, measure and evaluate customer satisfaction, as well as address and resolve any complaints brought to our attention.

Berkshire’s Head of Retail Customer Experience identifies opportunity areas and drives integrated enhancements to the customer experience across the franchise.

These efforts complement our partnership with J.D.

Power, who complete a regular, comprehensive survey of our customers’ satisfaction with our in branch and digital channels.

This partnership allows us to gain valuable insights into our customers’ experience, monitor perceptions, evaluate performance and identify opportunity areas.

Our customers shared several areas where they felt Berkshire could enhance its offerings, including customer communications, account options, financial center locations and hours, efficient customer service, agility of digital channels and service.

As a result, we address these opportunities by developing new programs, service offering, enhancing employee training and upgrading our in branch, call center and digital experiences.

Berkshire maintains and updates ongoing customer service training programs, expanded Customer Contact Center hours and launched a new online and mobile experience.

We expect that these collective actions will contribute to improvements in our customers’ experience and culture of service excellence.

Another key dimension to how we deliver an exceptional customer experience is in the management of customer complaints.

When we receive customers’ complaints, we make sure to successfully address and resolve them as quickly as possible.

The Board of Directors Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee provides Board level oversight of the Company’s complaint management process, which is managed by staff in our Compliance Department in close collaboration with all business lines.

Complaints are written statements, including emails, letters, faxes, social media posts or verbal comments indicating dissatisfaction with a product or service or any other area impacting customer experience.

In some cases, regulations include specific steps to follow when a customer complaint is received.

All business lines have a responsibility to respond to, accurately and timely resolve customer inquiries and complaints.

Complaints are documented and tracked to ensure they are resolved to a high level of customer satisfaction.

Our complaint management system also allows us to identify trends, elevate those trends and implement mitigating measures to address and ultimately reduce instances of dissatisfaction.

Berkshire experienced an increase in the number of complaints in 2023 which can be predominately attributed to a higher volume of inquiries during Berkshire's digital banking conversion.

Despite the higher number of complaints, overall customer satisfaction improved and can be attributed to upstream and downstream enhancements to the complaint resolution process, quicker resolution to complaints and customer experience improvements.

We strive to resolve all complaints in a timely manner, and as of year end, 99% of customer complaints were addressed.

Securing and protecting the personal and financial information of our customers is a top priority.

As a community bank, the Company is subject to security and operational risks relating to the use of technology and cybersecurity, including denial of service attacks, ransomware, hacking and identity theft that could result in confidential disclosure information or the creation of unauthorized transactions.

You can find detailed descriptions of these risks, strategy, and governance in our 2023 Annual Report Form 10 K Item 1A Risk Factors and 1C Cybersecurity.

Our information and cybersecurity function is designed to mitigate these risks proactively.

It includes a comprehensive Information Security Program containing technical, administrative and physical controls and additional policies, processes and procedures to assist with safeguarding information against unauthorized disclosure, modification or destruction.

Information Security Program provides direction for managing and protecting the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company’s information assets, including customer information under guidelines established as part of the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (GLBA).

This program informs the organization of the administrative, technical and physical safeguards in place to adequately protect nonpublic personal information, as well as comply with applicable laws and regulations.

The Information Security Program sets forth the Company’s commitment to the continual review and improvement of policies, processes, procedures and standards for evaluating electronic and physical methods of accessing, collecting, storing, using, transmitting, disposing of and protecting customer information.

The Company leverages relevant expectations from the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEc) and uses standards from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), among others, to control data security risk, as well as to assess the maturity and effectiveness of the program.

Acceptable Use Policy: The purpose of the Acceptable Use Policy is to clearly establish each member of the Company’s role in protecting its information assets and communicate minimum expectations for meeting these requirements.

Fulfilling these objectives will enable the Company to implement a comprehensive systemwide Information Security Program.

The policy applies to all users of computing resources owned, managed or otherwise provided by the Company.

Computing resources include all Company owned, licensed or managed hardware and software, email domains and related services, and any use of the Company’s network via a physical or wireless connection, regardless of the ownership of the computer or device connected to the network.

Data Classification Policy: The policy provides a framework for classifying and protecting information for the Company and aids in determining the appropriate security controls for the given data.

Data classification involves the assignment of a label to data indicating the significance, risk and confidentiality of data in accordance with the definitions, roles and responsibilities provided in this policy.

The label then assists the Company with ensuring proper safeguards are in place for the data.

This policy is intended to be used in conjunction with Berkshire’s Data Governance Program.

Vulnerability and Configuration Management Policy: Vulnerabilities create security weaknesses that can be exploited by criminals and other adversaries.

The purpose of this policy is to ensure the company reduces risks resulting from exploitation of published technical vulnerabilities.

The Company ensures all applications are fully supported by the vendor, maintains all support and maintenance agreements for the lifetime of the application, includes language in contracts requiring timely updates of applications, obtains timely information about technical vulnerabilities of systems and applications in use, evaluates its exposure to such vulnerabilities, takes appropriate, timely measures to address the associated risk, including, but not limited to, the patching of vulnerabilities.

The Information Security Program and all applicable policies apply to all Company operations, and employees receive annual training.

Routine security assessments and internal external audits are conducted on a minimum of an annual basis to ensure internal controls are adequate.

Updates and oversight on the information security program are provided by management to the Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors regularly, including two times in 2023.

The Company continually reviews and invests in new technologies and cybersecurity professionals to mitigate threats and adhere to regulatory requirements.

Cybersecurity resources are dedicated to protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of customer and financial data.

A top down focus on cybersecurity from our Board of Directors, Board Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee and executive management to prioritize cybersecurity initiatives based on risk, emerging threats and Company objectives.

Robust enterprise risk governance and oversight to enforce adherence to cybersecurity frameworks, policies and standards, and to meet compliance initiatives and requirements to ensure proper data protection, including encryption of all data and clear policies governing access and control of data.

Significant investments in best in class information security tool stacks and continuous security assessments to ensure proper risk mitigation based on emerging threats.

Strong security controls on customer facing applications, including multifactor authentication and fraud monitoring.

Strong partnerships with industry leading, third party security providers for system monitoring, threat intelligence and incident response, along with robust third party due diligence practices that include ongoing monitoring of critical third party service providers.

In addition, we expect third parties to maintain a system of technologies, policies, procedures and controls to detect and prevent fraud, unauthorized access or use and disclosure of any customers’, employees’ Company data or sensitive confidential information.

Implementation of cybersecurity through investing in highly skilled talent and leveraging technologies to identify and mitigate existing and emerging threats.

Promotion of cybersecurity through employee awareness and cybersecurity related training focusing on email internet security, social engineering and protecting customer information.

Implementation of a comprehensive vulnerability management program to continually assess the threat and vulnerability landscape, along with leveraging industry leading tools and intelligence to detect, evaluate, prioritize and track vulnerabilities through remediation.

Comprehensive cyber insurance policy to ensure coverage is in place to protect the bank, its employees, customers and shareholders.

Collaboration with threat intelligence organizations, law enforcement agencies and partners to keep abreast of cybersecurity threats.

Managed Detection and Response (MDR) service that provides 24 7 365 monitoring of its environment to investigate and respond to security alerts.

Commitment to notify stakeholders in a timely manner in case of policy changes or data breach, obtain user data through lawful and transparent means with explicit consent where required, and collect and process user data that is limited to the stated purpose.

Within the Information Security Program, the Company ensures processes and procedures for incident handling, investigations and responses, including details of the tasks, roles, responsibilities and accountabilities are maintained, reviewed and updated as appropriate.

It also ensures security incidents are categorized and prioritized to ensure the continuity of core services within the Company and is prepared to effectively respond and contain security incidents.

If a data security breach is discovered, the Company has a comprehensive security incident response plan that includes notification of key authorities and stakeholders, including those impacted based on state and federal requirements.

An incident response retainer with an approved third party is contracted to assist in responding to security incidents and to conduct forensic investigations involving the potential compromise of sensitive data or information assets.

Potential corrective actions are taken to prevent a similar breach from happening in the future.

The Company also maintains a business continuity program that addresses crisis management, business impact, and data and systems recovery.

Privacy Berkshire adheres to all federal and state regulations as they relate to the privacy and confidentiality of information supplied by individuals who obtain a financial product or service.

The Company maintains a comprehensive Privacy Policy, which applies to all operations, to protect consumer and customer financial privacy and ensure that consumers and customers are informed and notified about the Company’s information sharing practices.

This includes a commitment to collect and process data that is limited to its stated purpose and collected through lawful and transparent means, a commitment to notify individuals in a timely manner in the event of a policy change or data breach and clear terms governing the collection, use, sharing and retention of data.

Berkshire’s privacy policy and statements outline the Company’s practices and consent requirements surrounding the handling of personal data and govern consumers’ rights regarding access, rectification and deletion of their data.

All employees are educated at least annually about the importance of consumer and customer confidentiality, information security and privacy.

In addition, security procedures have been implemented that help prevent unauthorized access to consumer and customer information and will safeguard information that is exchanged with third parties in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) and the Federal Right to Financial Privacy Act (RFPA).

The Company incorporates privacy and data security considerations throughout its operations, including the development of new products, services and programs.

Berkshire is committed to preventing and detecting fraud by providing ongoing education and resources to consumers through digital channels such as its website, emails and social media as well as through its financial centers.

Each year, the bank celebrates fraud prevention week with a series of internal and external communications programs and customer events.

Berkshire’s fraud prevention experts are regularly featured in regional media outlets.

They raise awareness of emerging trends, provide best practices and communicate tips to help prevent fraud.

Robust ongoing training and Berkshire’s Fraud Crushers Program, which rewards employees for helping to protect our customers’ privacy and preventing fraud, further amplify the Company’s strong commitment to privacy and fraud prevention.

At Berkshire Bank, the principles of sound risk management are incorporated into our values, operating principles, and policies which all employees are expected to follow.

As a bank, risk is inherent in all of our business activities.

Berkshire’s Enterprise Risk Management Program describes our risk management approach, providing clear ownership and accountability for managing all risks across the Company.

As part of those efforts, we maintain an Environmental and Social Risk Management framework to provide additional clarity and transparency around how we approach environmental and social risks, which can impact every aspect of our business.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. BHLB berkshirebank.com 2023 Sustainability Report Responsible banking social risks require coordinated governance that clearly defines roles and responsibilities, along with integrated processes to ensure they are identified, measured, monitored and controlled.

Berkshire Bank takes a proactive approach to identifying and managing risks, which includes an ongoing process for identifying the topics that are most material to our company.

Based on that assessment, our Environmental and Social Risk Management framework guides our approach to managing material environmental and social risks.

Environmental and social risks can be a source of strategic, credit, operational, compliance and reputational risk which can impact Company performance and stakeholder value.

A strong Environmental and Social Risk Management framework helps mitigate those risks and capture opportunities within the environmental and social dimensions of our business.

These efforts are incorporated across the enterprise and into strategic planning.

Additional details on our board's oversight of environmental and social matters can be found on later pages in this report.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp Corporate Responsibility and.

Culture Committee (CRCC): In conjunction with the full Board, the cRcc sets the tone for Company culture, diversity, sustainability, and ESG.

It helps oversee management’s implementation of programs aimed at elevating responsible, ethical, sustainable, and equitable business practices.

It also monitors Company performance and ensures risks are appropriately controlled.

Building off our Environmental and Social Risk Management framework, in 2023 we implemented a formal Climate Risk Management Program, which addresses how we govern, identify, measure, monitor and control climate risk.

ESG Committee (ESGC): Berkshire maintains an extensive management committee structure, including the ESG committee, which is responsible for overseeing all aspects of ESG within the organization.

The committee monitors performance and ensures appropriate strategies are in place to identify and mitigate environmental and social risk.

Environmental social risk governance oversight Key to effective environmental and social risk management is having a strong governance structure, which integrates oversight across the enterprise.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the Company, including environmental, social and governance matters, to ensure we are effectively identifying, monitoring and mitigating.

Officer (CSO): The executive management team is responsible for promoting and communicating the Company’s commitment to operating responsibly, ethically, sustainably, and equitably.

The cSo is the head of Berkshire’s sustainability and corporate responsibility activities and is responsible for facilitating the development, implementation and execution of programs designed to mitigate environmental and social risk.

They are accountable for implementing strategies approved by the cRcc and ESGc in a manner that complies with policies, rules, regulations and supervisory requirements.

They are also responsible for the implementation, integrity and maintenance of management information systems used to monitor and report on environmental and social risks and controls within their areas of responsibilities.

All Employees: Employees are accountable and responsible for adhering to the Company’s sustainability policies and completing annual training.

Relevant employees in credit, lending, and front lines receive training on social and environmental policies and procedures impacting their specific areas of responsibilities.

Employees are also responsible for helping to identify opportunities in their areas of responsibility and advising their managers of potential ways to enhance responsible and sustainable business performance and mitigate risks.

Environmental social risk identification and assessment Berkshire uses a variety of tools and information systems, and maintains a framework to identify, assess and manage existing and emerging environmental and social risks in its operations and financing activities.

This process is grounded in our materiality assessment and includes formal analysis and reporting as part of the Enterprise Risk Management program framework and guidance from regulatory agencies, nongovernmental organizations and broader stakeholder engagement.

The primary tool for identifying these risks is through a base tier and mid tier risk assessment process, which assesses environmental and social risks and their impact to Company operations, credit, project finance, investments and broader communities.

These risks are documented in the Company’s risk register.

In addition, the Company completes annual mid tier risk assessments to evaluate the bank’s operations, lending, and investment activities for potential exposure to environmental and social risks.

This assessment includes a detailed review of risks and potential impacts across the Company’s financing activities and operations.

Emerging risk assessments are completed when potential risks rise to a level requiring proactive monitoring and possible interventions.

The results of all these risk assessments inform Berkshire’s forward environmental and social risk management strategies to ensure it’s controlling and mitigating the risk.

Environmental social risk monitoring After identifying and determining the appropriate response to environmental and social risks, Berkshire continuously monitors these risks, impacts on its business activities and the effectiveness of its risk mitigation strategies.

This includes monitoring of the external environment and government regulation, proactive stakeholder engagement, ongoing risk assessments and review of monthly reporting to identify shifts in the Company’s exposure to sectors at highest potential to be impacted by environmental and social matters.

Environmental social risk due diligence Central to our strategy is active engagement with our clients.

This engagement allows us to deepen our understanding of environmental and social topics, learn and share perspectives, and, create connections between stakeholders with differing views.

Its the first step in our due diligence processes.

Berkshire maintains due diligence methodologies to ensure it mitigates potential environmental and social risks.

Business Unit Heads: The business unit heads are ultimately responsible for the line of business functions and for the environmental and social risks within their.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. BHLB berkshirebank.com 2023 Sustainability Report Responsible banking processes and standards apply across credit, project finance, investment and depository businesses encompassing all Company and subsidiary operations.

These due diligence processes are based on Company operating standards, sound risk management practices and third party guidance, including but not limited to, the Equator Principles.

Standard due diligence is conducted for all lending, investment and depository relationships, while enhanced due diligence is triggered based on the sensitivity of the industry, project, company policies and severity of potential environmental or social impacts.

In some cases, these are also escalated to the cSo.

Standard due diligence Standard due diligence is conducted for all lending, investment and depository relationships and projects when social and environmental risks are well understood and expected to be relatively low, site specific or completely reversible.

All due diligence begins with frontline staff and involves credit, risk, lending, investment and consumer teams depending on the nature of the relationship, project or transaction.

The process generally includes, but is not limited to, research, ensuring compliance with all federal, state and local laws and permits, assessment of creditworthiness and screening against all applicable company policies.

If, during this process, staff determine the customer, business, borrower or business activity poses heightened risk because it is subject to the Responsible Sustainable Business sections of Berkshire’s credit, loan, deposit or investment policies or the industry or projects pose heightened risk for severe environmental or social impacts, enhanced due diligence is triggered.

Enhanced due diligence Enhanced due diligence includes a deeper analysis of topics, risks, documentation and assessments related to the transaction or relationship to ensure the company understands the full scope of potential impacts across risk categories and to its stakeholders.

In some cases, a formal social and environmental impact assessment is conducted to ensure a potential borrower or project has a track record, commitment, policies and procedures in place to minimize, manage, mitigate and monitor impacts.

In such cases where a borrower can demonstrate appropriate mitigating measures, a transaction may be allowed to move forward but is treated as an exception based loan and may be subject to additional ongoing requirements.

Restrictions exclusions Due to the severity of and sensitivity to certain environmental and social risks along with potential impacts, Berkshire maintains an exclusionary business list which includes, but is not limited to, private prisons and firearm, weapon and ammunition manufacturers and arctic drilling.

Berkshire has no direct exposure to fossil fuel extractors producers, coal mining, arctic drilling, palm oil and many other socially or environmentally sensitive areas, and generally will not do business with industries exposed to substantial social and environmental risks.

Environmental social risk controls The Company protects itself from potential risks and associated impacts through a system of formal controls.

Collectively these controls are designed to protect the Company’s reputation, mitigate negative financial, credit and operational impacts and enhance its positioning .

Governance Mechanisms: An extensive collection of Board and Management committees is responsible for overseeing operations and for ensuring that environmental and social risks are appropriately identified, controlled and monitored in accordance with Company standards.

Policies: Company policies are designed to manage environmental and social risks in a consistent manner and align with the Bank’s strategic priorities.

Policies define the control and oversight standards to effectively manage risk within the defined risk appetite and are supported by procedures across businesses and functions.

These policies, which apply to all Company operations and subsidiaries, include:.

Responsible Sustainable Business Policy: provides guidance to employees on the Company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) activities, business practices, codes and commitments.

Climate Risk Management Program: outlines roles and responsibilities for the board, management and all employees, definitions, along with procedures for identifying, measuring and assessing climate risk.

The program also lays out Berkshire’s system of controls which include governance mechanisms, formal policies, due diligence and insurance requirements, exclusionary criteria, business continuity planning, external relations, and employee education.

Finally, the program sets expectations for responses to risk events or elevated risk levels, reporting and external disclosure.

Ultimately the program helps identify, assess, mitigate and control climate risks protecting the Company, its stakeholders, communities and preserving shareholder value.

Environmental Loan Policy: provides guidance on environmental due diligence requirements prior to entering into, and throughout the life of, any real estate transaction secured by commercial properties or multifamily properties.

The purpose of environmental due diligence is to assess the nature and extent of environmental conditions of the collateral and any associated risk posed by those environmental conditions in order to make sound business decisions and underwriting.

Investment Policy: contains guidelines to be used by management in the execution of the overall corporate investment securities portfolio.

This includes a list of prohibited securities that addresses social and environmental risks such as Fossil Fuel Extraction, Production, and Pipeline Construction, Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturing, Mining, Firearms, Ammunition and Weapons Manufacturing, Private Prisons or Detention Centers, Artic Drilling, Companies with known environmental violations by a local, state or federal agency or government that caused irreparable harm to biodiversity, critical habitats, the environment or are otherwise inconsistent with the Company’s Responsible Sustainable Business Policy.

Deposit Policy: Outlines the types of deposit products offered and governance of common account related activity to manage and mitigate risks associated with deposit accounts.

This includes processes for addressing and completing further due diligence for businesses and nonprofit organizations that pose heightened social, environmental and reputational risks due to their involvement in highly sensitive activities such as certain nongovernmental entities, Fossil Fuel Extraction, Mining, Support Activities for Mining and fossil fuel Pipeline Construction, Chemical, Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturers, Firearms Ammunition Manufactures and Retailers, and Private Prisons and Detention Centers.

Loan Policy General: Defines how the Bank ensures that emphasis is placed on sound client selection, overall loan quality, attentive credit administration, regulation compliance, and proactive risk recognition, while continuing to pursue new business.

The responsible and sustainable business section of this policy ensures that industries exposed to significant environmental and social risks, such as fossil fuel, nuclear energy and mining sectors receive appropriate due diligence and are treated as exception based loans, only if the projects can meet rigorous standards.

As a result, there is no exposure to fossil fuel extraction, producers, coal mining and other environmentally sensitive industries.

The policy also includes a list of prohibited businesses,.

While Berkshire is not currently a formal signatory of the Principles for Responsible Investment, it has adopted and incorporated those principles into its policies and operations.

Berkshire’s corporate investment policy contains guidelines to be used by management in the execution of the overall corporate investment securities portfolio.

This includes processes for managing exposure to certain industries, including fossil fuels, and includes a list of prohibited securities such as Fossil Fuel Extraction, Production, Pipeline Construction, Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturing, Mining, Firearms, Ammunition and Weapons Manufacturing, Private Prisons or Detention Centers, along with companies with known environmental violations by a local, state or federal agency or government that caused irreparable harm to biodiversity, critical habitats, the environment or are otherwise inconsistent with the Company’s Responsible Sustainable Business Policy.

The policy helps ensure respect for biodiversity, critical habitats and the environment, ensuring projects are consistent with the Company’s Responsible or Sustainable Business Policy commitments.

Transaction Due Diligence: Berkshire maintains a formal due diligence framework for its business activities, which applies to all operations, and includes a standard and enhanced layer of due diligence with triggers and escalation processes.

This process is further detailed in the proceeding due diligence sections of this report.

Exclusionary Criteria: Due to the severity of environmental and social impacts associated with certain industries, Berkshire prohibits excludes select industries exposed to substantial risk.

Exclusions are included in applicable Company policies.

The ESG Committee periodically reviews these lists of industries and updates as appropriate.

Stakeholder Engagement: The Company regularly engages with its stakeholders to understand current and emerging trends that may affect its business and inform response and mitigation tactics to risks.

Employee Education: Berkshire provides employee training and ongoing communications to ensure employees learn about relevant environmental and social matters that could impact the Company and its management of risks.

These materials are delivered across several platforms to ensure employees receive information that is concise, digestible, understandable and relevant to their roles and responsibilities.

These include both formal and informal training on applicable Company policies along with environmental and social risk briefs as emerging risks materialize.

The goal of these efforts is to help employees understand how risk events could impact the Company and its stakeholders as well as educate them on the steps the Company is taking to mitigate those risks.

Our comprehensive approach contained in our Environmental and Social Risk Management Framework identifies, prevents and mitigates environmental and social risks to protect our stakeholders and communities, while supporting responsible risk based decision making and driving competitive returns.

Berkshire has a duty to act in the best long term interests of our stakeholders.

We believe that environmental, social and governance matters can affect the performance of our corporate investment portfolios as well as the portfolios of our clients.

As such, Berkshire analyzes these factors through the investment process and engages on these matters with issuers, as appropriate.

Ultimately our goal is to identify potential business and financial risk to protect customers, communities and our long term sustainability.

Our Wealth Management division has developed Sustainable Investing Portfolios for clients, which are constructed to maximize impact and deliver competitive returns.

They include mission aligned companies with fundamentally strong track records across metrics that contribute to the long term sustainability of communities and the health of the company itself.

While the portfolios are a small component of the division’s existing overall assets under management administration, they grew by approximately 10% over the last year.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. BHLB berkshirebank.com 2023 Sustainability Report Leadership governance evaluate and select director nominees.

We ensure the composition of our Board aligns with our long term strategic direction.

The Board periodically assesses the size of the Board and reviews the composition of its membership to ensure that the appropriate knowledge, skills and experience are represented.

Governor Karyn Polito, former investment banker Mary Anne Callahan and former Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President and CEO Eric S. Rosengren to the Board.

Since 2020, four other new directors also joined the Board: Nina A. Charnley, Jeffrey W. Kip, Mihir A. Desai and Sylvia Maxfield, broadening the Board’s expertise in support of BEST and strengthening its governance oversight.

The average tenure and age of the Board have decreased in recent years and reflect the impact of Board policies for maximum tenure and age.

The Board maintains five standing committees comprising directors and supported by designated officers for the purpose of advising the Board on operational matters: Corporate Governance Nominating Corporate Responsibility and Culture Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Audit and the Compensation Committee.

The committee is appointed by the Board to approve policies and oversee management’s implementation of programs.

The Committee meets quarterly to review performance and approve relevant policies.

Berkshire’s comprehensive approach ensures that the board committee and full board receive regular reports from management on environmental and social dimensions of its business such as human capital management, diversity, stakeholder relations, climate change, community impact, and cybersecurity.

The content of the reports include updates on performance, regulatory developments and emerging risks from the internal and external environment.

These reports allow the board to develop a sufficient understanding of the Company’s impacts, management’s programs to mitigate those risks and capture opportunities.

It helps inform strategic planning, create accountability and, along with management committees and senior leaders, provides visibility throughout the organization.

Executive compensation Our philosophy is to provide an executive compensation program that rewards creation of long term value for our shareholders, promotes sound risk management and aligns with our vision.

Attract and retain highly talented executives committed to our success.

Align executive interests with those of our shareholders.

Manage risk through oversight and compensation design features and practices.

A significant portion of direct pay is variable and performance based.

A meaningful portion of pay is equity based to align our executives with shareholder interests.

The long term incentive is 60% based on performance and 40% paid over time.

Our corporate governance practices guide us as we look to deliver on our vision.

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for promoting and acting in the best interests of all shareholders of the Company.

The Board is the ultimate decision making body, except with respect to those matters reserved for shareholders.

The business and affairs of the Company are managed by its officers under the direction of the Board.

The Board’s responsibilities include nominating directors, selecting the cEo, succession planning, completing a periodic self assessment and evaluating strategy and performance of the Company and cEo.

Additional information on board meetings, attendance and tenure can be found in our 2024 Proxy Statement.

The Company maintains a formal shareholder engagement process to ensure the perspectives and views of its owners are regularly reviewed by the Board and senior management.

This includes engagement on sustainability matters such as diversity, climate change, human capital management and other social topics.

Board composition and committees Eleven Board nominees are presented in our 2024 Proxy Statement, 10 of whom are independent.

Each board member brings a diverse background of skills, tenure, age and experiences that are necessary to oversee Berkshire's performance, exercise independent judgment and drive continued success.

All members of the Board are up for annual election.

Among the 2023 Directors, 38% are women and 31% are ethnic minorities resulting in two thirds gender and ethnic diversity of the Board.

Board oversight of sustainability Berkshire is committed to operating responsibly, ethically, equitably and sustainably, ensuring the future success of all our stakeholders.

That’s why we were one of the first banks in the country to establish a dedicated committee of our Board of Directors to oversee Company culture, diversity and sustainability.

Berkshire’s short term incentive ( STI ) program includes a specific ESG component in the calculation of the total STI plan funding.

This measurement is based on a qualitative assessment of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, its social community impacts, and other results of its ESG initiatives, which include diversity, human capital and sustainability items.

The ESG component follows the significant progress the Company made in developing and implementing its ESG and sustainability programs.

It also supports our objective to align executive compensation with strategic objectives create long term value for shareholders, manage risk and support our vision.

The sustainability items are further incentivized through the overall qualitative operation of our compensation program.

This is fundamentally addressed through the operation of our strategic plan, which sets out top quartile ESG rankings as an objective and also drives results in overall targets (including sustainability targets).

Executive base salaries, and the individual payouts under our short and long term incentive plans, include an assessment of individual performance, which is evaluated qualitatively for the achievement of these goals.

Specific reference to such achievement was included in the evaluation of cEo and other NEo contributions in the 2024 proxy statement.

This also included emphasis on our 5 billion BEST Community Comeback financing program to strengthen our communities, which includes specific goals for lending and investments in low to moderate income communities lending for low carbon projects, 100 percent renewable electricity usage, and overall greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction.

Additional information on our executive compensation program for 2023 can be found in our 2024 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis.

Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) office, under the direction of our Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer, serves as the second line of defense, providing independent oversight and challenge of risk taking activities of business units the first line of defense.

This includes risk governance, organization, culture, framework, risk appetite and development of a risk management platform to ensure appropriate monitoring and controls are in place.

The ERM office monitors, aggregates, integrates and correlates risk information into a holistic picture of the corporation’s risk profile.

The ERM office also establishes policies and limits, and reports sources and amounts of risk to executive leadership, management committees and the Board of Directors.

Berkshire maintains a comprehensive framework of management committees to provide oversight to all areas of the bank.

Our Policy Committee, which reports directly to the Board’s Risk Management, Capital Compliance Committee, regularly reviews and improves all major operational and risk policies to ensure they align with governance best practices, our values and the complexity of our operations.

Compliance The Compliance function, under the direction of our Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer, helps ensure the Company complies with the letter and the spirit of all federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations, including those involving civil rights, fair lending, community reinvestment and anti money laundering.

The Company operates under the premise that keeping customers informed and treating them fairly is good business.

Our Compliance Program includes oversight and reporting, written compliance policies and procedures, monitoring, corrective action, training, complaint management, change management and independent audit and risk assessments.

Employees are required to complete a suite of training courses based on their functional responsibilities.

Internal audit The primary role of the Internal Audit Department (IA) is to help the Board of Directors and executive management protect the assets, reputation, and sustainability of the Company.

IA provides independent and objective assurance as to whether the design and operational effectiveness of the Company’s framework of risk management, control, and governance processes, as designed and represented by management, is adequate to ensure the Company achieves its business objectives while meeting regulatory and legal requirements and its responsibilities to shareholders, customers, and staff.

Culture and ethical standards are assessed in various audits to hold Berkshire accountable for its business practices, including regulatory compliance, anti fraud and anti corruption activity.

Berkshire’s people are the driving force behind its progress on its strategic goals, ability to deliver tailored financial solutions for its clients and vision to be a high performing, relationship focused, community driven bank.

Berkshire maintains a hybrid work model to expand its access to top talent and provide its employees with workplace flexibility.

These strategies have proved effective in meeting the demand for talent demonstrated by the Company’s strong track record of attracting high caliber talent across retail, commercial, private banking, wealth management, business banking, technology and operational areas.

In addition, as market disruptions from mergers remain and macroeconomic pressures impact many companies, Berkshire will continue to leverage its differentiated brand and unique market positioning to hire community focused bankers from its competitors and attract high performing operational talent from outside the industry.

Oversight The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for the strategy of the Company.

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees executive compensation matters and the Corporate Responsibility Culture committee oversees company culture as well as diversity, equity and inclusion.

The full Board also receives an annual briefing on employee engagement.

The SEVP, Chief Human Resources Culture Officer provides management oversight on human capital matters.

The Company proactively identifies potential human capital related risks, such as the labor market shortage, skills gap, rising labor and health care costs, and employee retention and designs strategies to mitigate those risks.

Strong human capital management is viewed as integral to the Company's ability to meet its strategic objectives, deliver a superior client experience and drive sustainable shareholder returns.

Recruitment Berkshire operates in a highly competitive labor market with strong competition for top talent.

The Company relies on and continues to recruit employees with the right mix of skills, expertise and experiences.

The Company forecasts its hiring needs based on attrition, skills assessments, market conditions, resource availability and strategic objectives.

This helps inform corporate strategies to fill current and future open positions.

The Company leverages several strategies to support its talent pipeline and talent acquisition activities including formal advertising, postings on targeted career sites, career events, internship placements, affinity group relationships, and the use of experienced external recruiters for key management and specialized positions.

Berkshire also maintains a small internal team of talent recruitment professionals.

Compensation and benefits A highly competitive labor market along with inflationary and macroeconomic pressures has impacted labor costs for all businesses.

Berkshire is not immune to these economic pressures.

The Company continually evaluates its compensation strategies and benefits programs, benchmarks to industry and peers and surveys the landscape of best practices to develop compensation and benefits packages that reward performance and retain top talent at all levels of the Company.

Against this backdrop, Berkshire raised the minimum starting pay to 17 hour and enhanced its vacation, wellness and bereavement benefits.

It also restructured its incentive plans across lines of business to provide opportunities for employees to earn higher compensation and bonuses for strong performance aligned with Berkshire’s financial and non financial objectives.

Berkshire provides comprehensive medical coverage, paid vacation, personal and sick time, paid protective leave for gender based violence, a 401(k) plan with employer match, long term disability insurance, and group term life insurance.

In addition, Berkshire offers a day care reimbursement program, a dependent care expense account, family and medical leave along with flexible work arrangements, including the ability to work fully remote dependent on the duties of one’s job.

All benefits are available to married same sex or different sex couples as well as domestic partners.

In addition to its compensation and health benefits, Berkshire offers volunteer time off, a matching gift program, an employee assistance program, regular performance reviews, professional development and the You FIRST Fund to help employees impacted by personal financial hardships.

Nearly 100% of employees are eligible for benefits.

Training and development programs provide employees with the knowledge and skills needed to succeed and have upward career mobility.

They are critical components, along with competitive compensation and benefits programs, to having an engaged workforce.

Ultimately an engaged workforce drives high levels of productivity and retention which reduces human capital risks, expense, and advances Berkshire’s progress and performance.

The Company provides several learning and training programs consistent with one’s job responsibilities, professional goals, and development plans.

Employees have regular performance assessments to identify strengths, areas for further growth and career interests.

Berkshire continues to reskill and upskill employees from across the Company helping them advance along career paths by taking on expanded responsibilities and roles.

The Company offers a mentoring program for high potential employees along with development programs to equip employees with the knowledge and skills to be successful.

These programs are offered across a variety of mediums and channels to improve accessibility.

Berkshire remains committed to providing pathways for its associates to grow and maintains succession plans for key leadership positions.

Approximately 11% of the workforce was promoted in the prior year.

Berkshire encourages its employees to participate in appropriate educational opportunities to expand their professional experience, aid them in their current position or support their self development to benefit both the employee and Company.

As such, the Company offers educational assistance along with access to formal degree and certification programs, including college courses and Center for Financial Training (cFT) programs.

All courses must be approved by the employee’s supervisor, division head, and the Human Resources Department prior to enrollment.

Non officer employees become eligible to participate after three months of employment, while officers are eligible upon commencing employment.

Regular full time employees may request to enroll in one cFT course or one college course per semester.

After one year, full time employees are eligible for two cFT courses or two college courses per semester that are business or banking related, directly related to the employee’s present position, or are required for completion of a business, banking, or position related degree, diploma or certificate program.

Part time employees are eligible to take one cFT course or one college course per semester directly related to their present position, or that’s required for completion of a business, banking, or position related degree, diploma or certificate program.

The Company will pay up to 760.00 per course for approved tuition costs directly to the institution at the time of enrollment.

In addition, employees may request reimbursement for textbooks and course materials purchased for each Company paid course up to a maximum of 100.00 per course, separate from tuition.

Berkshire continues to monitor the progress of its efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of programs and strategies on retention and engagement.

A comprehensive annual employee engagement survey is conducted to identify strengths and opportunity areas within the organization.

Overall, employees felt there was a strong spirit of teamwork, that Berkshire genuinely cares for its communities, and they have strong relationships with their direct managers.

Actions plans are developed for areas identified in the survey that do not meet the Company’s high expectations.

Beyond a formal engagement survey, Berkshire provides regular opportunities for managers and employees to ask questions, raise concerns and make suggestions for ways to build a better and stronger company.

This includes regular quarterly employee town halls and leadership forums, an employee suggestion program and regional gatherings that provide employees with direct access to Company leaders.

Berkshire continues to make progress reducing turnover, which decreased year over year and by 10% since 2021.

Collectively these efforts have led to improved retention in each of the last three years, record high employee engagement and being named a Forbes America’s Best Midsize Employers.

Berkshire works hard to keep its employees safe, healthy and support their physical, mental and financial wellbeing.

It provides its workforce comprehensive programs, benefits and a health and wellness employee resource group.

The Company also creates a workplace environment that is accessible and free from occupational hazards.

The Company, through its insurance provider, offers a fitness, weight and mind body reimbursement along with a year round calendar of various wellness related activities.

Since physical and mental health go hand in hand with financial health, Berkshire provides access to financial education resources, webinars along with its You FIRST Fund to assist employees experiencing financial hardships.

Additionally, Berkshire provides a comprehensive employee assistance program which includes counseling services and resources for those experiencing mental health challenges.

To further support the needs of its workforce, employees have access to a wellness day to disconnect, recharge and take care of themselves in whatever way works best for them.

The Health Wellness Employee Resource Group provides yet another channel for employees to participate in regular programming and advocate for health and wellness options that suit their needs and interests.

Workplace of the future Berkshire continues to evolve and enhance its human capital management strategies to drive organizational growth in support of strategic priorities while combating risks, such as the labor market shortage, skills gap and rising labor and health costs.

The Company expects to maintain its hybrid workplace over the long term, invest in technology to streamline processes and ensure the workforce structure is aligned with the Company’s forward operating needs.

While technology continues to play a bigger role in the future of Berkshire, helping to improve processes and drive efficiencies, people will always be at the core of its ability to deliver expert advisement and tailored solutions to its clients which in turn drives value for its shareholders and communities.

The Company remains confident that the Berkshire brand, value proposition and vision will continue to be a differentiator in the market.

What employees are saying: Understand Berkshire’s values.

Clear understanding of the results expected of them in their job.

Creating a diverse, accessible, inclusive and equitable workplace is an essential enabler to advancing the Company’s strategic goals, social and environmental commitments and vision.

Ultimately Berkshire’s goal is to attract and retain individuals from a wide range of backgrounds, cultures and experiences so that the workforce, executives and board composition reflect the diversity of the communities in which it operates.

It also seeks to ensure equity, accessibility, fairness and impartiality in all aspects of the Company’s workplace, banking practices and financial solutions while fostering an inclusive environment where all employees feel valued, respected and empowered.

Governance The Company has a strong foundation of governance practices to ensure that diversity, equity and inclusion is embedded into Berkshire’s business activities.

This includes the Corporate Responsibility Culture Committee of the Board of Directors which oversees DEI performance.

Berkshire’s Diversity, Equity Inclusion Committee, which reports into the Board committee, provides additional management level oversight to the Company’s programming and performance.

The Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity Officer leads and executes the Company’s DEI strategy and programming.

Workplace Berkshire continues working to improve representation within its workplace through recruitment initiatives while enhancing its internal talent pipeline to ensure representation at all levels of the Company.

Berkshire identifies opportunities in targeted markets and business lines, develops deeper partnerships with non profit organizations and affinity groups, advertises positions on specialized career sites, participates in affinity career events and uses internal as well as external recruitment professionals to ensure it receives candidate pools that reflect the rural and urban communities in which it operates.

It works to develop and implement strategies aimed at increasing representation at each level of the Company.

As a result of Berkshire's efforts, workplace diversity at the manager level improved year over year.

Equal opportunity and pay equity Berkshire Bank is an equal opportunity employer and always has pursued a policy of equal employment for all of its employees and applicants for employment, without regard to genetic information, race, color, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, gender identity and expression, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran of the United States Armed Forces, being a member of the Reserves or National Guard, or status in any group protected by federal, state or local laws.

The Company strives to further its commitment to equal employment opportunity by recruiting, hiring, compensating, training and promoting staff members in all job classifications without regard to an employee’s inclusion in one of the categories delineated above.

Annually, the Company completes a review of pay and performance measures to ensure that all employees, regardless of gender and ethnicity, in comparable roles are compensated equitably.

As a result of Berkshire’s intentional and impactful efforts to date, Berkshire was listed in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index and Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.

Employee resource groups Berkshire offers six Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), each playing an integral role for employees and the culture of the company.

Every Employee Resource Group provides a safe space for dialogue, education, programming and collective action on topics relevant to their members and the Company.

Through the ERGs, employees’ concerns and ideas to strengthen Berkshire’s culture are elevated to members of management and the Diversity, Equity Inclusion Committee for action, empowering employees to collectively be engines of positive change within the workplace and the broader community.

Supplier diversity Berkshire also understands that a diverse third party base is important to achieving its operational goals, supply chain resilience, and vision.

As a result, Berkshire works to maintain a third party base that reflects the communities in which it operates and, to the maximum extent possible, increase the utilization of third parties owned by underrepresented people.

We encourage employees to seek out potential third parties and facilitate connections with underrepresented suppliers through industry and affinity group partnerships.

Education and training Berkshire provides a full suite of diversity, equity inclusion trainings.

The trainings help build understanding and provide employees with knowledge, skills and tactics they can put into practice.

Employees complete training annually through a combination of required and elective DEI themed courses.

Berkshire intends to enhance its training program in 2024 to deepen alignment with corporate goals.

The training programs help form the basis for more inclusive recruitment, hiring, retention and customer service strategies going forward.

Supplier diversity figures are based on third parties that completed a Third Party Control Assessment.

I am honored to guide Berkshire Bank’s support of the non profit organizations doing such important work in all of the communities that we serve.

A key piece of our culture at Berkshire Bank is giving back, and this is demonstrated not only by our philanthropy, but by the thousands of hours of volunteer service devoted by our Berkshire Bankers.

For over 175 years, Berkshire has continuously worked side by side with its nonprofit partners to build stronger, more just and sustainable communities.

Through our philanthropy and by harnessing the collective skills and resources of our employees, we’re helping turn possibilities into realities for individuals across New England and New York.

Overall, we invested 3.4MM in our communities in 2023, including 2.5MM in philanthropic grants through Berkshire Bank Foundation.

The foundation aims to provide the opportunity for everyone to flourish, especially populations that have been disproportionately and unfairly underserved.

Small business providing support to entrepreneurship and small business growth through access to education, capital and technical assistance with an emphasis on greater access to minority, women and LGBTQIA owned businesses.

Financial inclusion supporting programs that create a path to upward economic mobility and overall well being with an emphasis on the underbanked and unbanked populations.

Housing facilitating access to quality, affordable housing to help individuals and families attain financial stability and long term accumulation of wealth, including pathways to first time homeownership for people of color, women and other marginalized communities.

Employee volunteerism giving We understand that being a committed community partner is about more than writing a check.

It’s about taking action and harnessing all that a business has to offer to lift up our communities.

We provide our employees with paid time off to be part of the XTEAM, our nationally acclaimed Employee Volunteer Program, and offer a Matching Gifts program to help amplify the philanthropic efforts of all our Berkshire bankers.

From individual and group based volunteer engagements to pro bono and Board service, the XTEAM empowers employees to be change agents to address essential needs and help organizations run more effectively.

Last year Berkshire bankers responded in a big way with 89% participating in the program, nearly three times the national average.

They contributed more than 21,500 hours of volunteer service valued at nearly 700,000 through 269 projects.

Hillcrest Educational Centers provides a range of clinical, psychological and special education services for children, adolescents and families in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, and across the Northeast.

Demand for Hillcrest’s services frequently out pace available resources, so the agency turned to Berkshire Bank to refinance its entire business to help give their clients a reason for hope.

Overview Climate change manifesting in the form of both physical and transition risks could adversely, either directly or indirectly, affect Berkshire’s operations, businesses, customers, communities and stakeholders.

As the transition to a low carbon economy accelerates, new policy emerges and market dynamics shift, Berkshire expects that its efforts to manage its environmental footprint, mitigate the risks associated with climate change and support the transition will allow it to strengthen its positioning as a high performing, relationship driven, community focused bank.

Internationally recognized sustainability reporting standards and the Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TcFD) recommend companies communicate practices around the governance of environmental matters, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets used to assess risks, opportunities and Company performance.

Berkshire’s Climate Change disclosure contained below is aligned with TcFD recommendations.

The Company continues to evolve its practices to reflect its community bank mission , any regulatory requirements, as well as the size, scope and complexity of its operations.

Finally, the program sets expectations for responses to risk events or elevated risk levels, reporting and external disclosure.

Ultimately the program helps identify, assess, mitigate and control climate risks protecting the Company, its stakeholders, communities and preserving shareholder value.

Each of Berkshire’s business areas consider climate related risks and opportunities within their scopes of responsibility.

Like other financial institutions, we evaluate the potential for climate risk across our lines of business on an ongoing basis.

We understand that some climate related risks may manifest over a long time period, while other events or developments could drive a more immediate impact.

In response, Berkshire continues to enhance its capabilities to assess, monitor and mitigate potential short and long term risks posed by climate change in a manner that reflects the size, scope and complexity of climate related risks.

Risk identification and assessment Berkshire uses a variety of tools, information systems, and maintains a Climate Risk Management program to identify, assess and manage existing and emerging climate risks across the organization.

Governance Berkshire actively manages climate related risks and opportunities throughout the organization.

The Company’s Board of Directors and its Corporate Responsibility Culture Committee provide oversight on sustainability and climate change.

Management and the board evaluate climate related risks and opportunities and incorporate the results of risk assessments and discussions into strategic planning, product development, programming and relevant risk mitigating measures.

All business risks are also integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management program and discussed by other applicable Board Committees, including the Risk Management, Capital and Compliance Committee.

Beyond board level oversight of climate matters, Berkshire maintains an ESG committee of senior executives throughout the Company, including the cEo, coo, cFo, Chief Risk Officer and business unit heads and is chaired by the Chief Communication Sustainability Officer.

The committee reviews climate risks and opportunities, and ensures robust management oversight.

Collectively, management is responsible for the line of business functions and integration of sustainability activities within their respective departments, including implementing programs, policies and management systems.

Our Responsible and Sustainable Business Policy guides our codes, principles and commitments, including our Environmental Sustainability Principles, which govern our operations.

Climate related matters are further governed according to Berkshire's Climate Risk Management Program policy.

Further details on our governance of Climate related matters can be found as part of the Environmental Social Risk Management as well as the Board Leadership and Governance sections of this report.

Risk management Berkshire's Climate Risk Management Program policy outlines roles and responsibilities for the board, management and all employees, definitions, along with procedures for identifying, measuring and assessing climate risk.

The program is aligned with the broader Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. BHLB berkshirebank.com 2023 Sustainability Report Environmental sustainability agencies and governmental agencies.

The primary tool for identifying these risks is through a base tier and mid tier risk assessment process.

To assist in the identification of potential physical risk events, Berkshire uses publicly available climate scenarios and weather information to detect potential severe weather events which could impact its operations within its footprint over short, medium and long term horizons.

For transition risk, Berkshire uses publicly available climate scenarios and guidance to identify industries at the highest risk to be impacted by the transition to a lower carbon economy as a result of increasing regulation, shifting consumer preferences and policy.

Business lines are responsible for identifying potential base tier risks within their respective functions.

These risks are documented in the Company risk register.

In addition, the Company completes a mid tier climate change risk assessment to evaluate the bank’s operations and lending activities for potential exposure to transition and physical risks.

This assessment includes detailed reviews of specific companies, sectors and overall portfolio concentrations.

Risks are assigned a risk rating using the Company’s Climate Risk Management Program.

The results of the risk assessment guide Berkshire’s forward climate management and environmental sustainability strategies to ensure it is actively managing the risks and opportunities.

Risk monitoring After identifying and determining the appropriate response to risks, Berkshire continuously monitors these risks and its business activities as well as the effectiveness of its risk mitigation strategies.

This includes monitoring of the external environment and government regulation, proactive stakeholder engagement, ongoing climate risk assessments and review of monthly reporting to identify shifts in the Company’s exposure to sectors at highest potential to be impacted by transition or physical risks.

Berkshire's Climate Risk Management Program further details the Company's framework, expectations and requirements for risk monitoring as it continues to advance its capabilities to monitor, evaluate and control impacts.

Risk controls The Company protects itself, its stakeholders and environment from potential climate risk through a formal system of controls outlined in its Climate Risk Management Program policy.

Collectively these controls are designed to protect the Company’s reputation and mitigate strategic, credit and financial risks.

Governance Mechanisms: Board and Management committees are responsible for overseeing operations and for ensuring that climate risks are appropriately identified, controlled and monitored in accordance with Company standards and the Climate Risk Management Program policy.

Policies: Company policies are designed to manage climate risks in a consistent manner and align with the Bank’s strategic priorities.

Policies define the control and oversight standards to effectively manage climate risk within the defined risk appetite and are supported by procedures across businesses and functions.

These policies, which apply to all Company operations, include but are not limited to the Climate Risk Management Program, Responsible Sustainable Business Policy, Environmental Loan Policy, Investment Policy, Deposit Policy and Loan Policy General.

Transaction Due Diligence: Berkshire maintains a formal due diligence framework for its business activities, which applies to all operations, and includes a standard and enhanced layer of due diligence.

These processes are detailed in the Environmental Social Risk Management section of this report.

Exclusionary Criteria: Due to the severity of climate impacts associated with certain industries, Berkshire prohibits excludes select industries exposed to substantial climate risk.

These exclusions are included in applicable Company policies, including, but not limited to, the Loan Policy General and Investment Policy.

The ESG Committee periodically reviews these lists of industries and updates as appropriate.

As a result, Berkshire has no direct exposure to fossil fuel producers extractors, coal mining, projects in critical habitats, palm oil, and arctic drilling.

The Company generally does not do business with companies exposed to significant climate risks.

Insurance Requirements: For residential and commercial properties secured by real estate.

Properties located within flood districts are also required to carry appropriate insurance coverages.

These mitigating measures help reduce potential financial impacts associated with physical risk events on properties within Berkshire’s portfolios.

Utilizing our Climate Risk Management Program Policy and Environmental Social Risk Management framework, Berkshire evaluates the Bank’s operations and lending activities for potential exposure to transition and physical risks resulting from climate change.

These transition and physical risks could result in reputation risk over the short term ( 5 years) and potentially strategic and credit risks over long term (11 years) horizons absent of mitigating controls and programs.

The results of the risk assessment are shared with business line partners to discuss mitigating activities, as well as appropriate management and board committees in alignment with our governance framework.

As a bank, it’s important for us to understand and assess how climate risks could impact our business and our customers.

We’ve identified three areas of our business that are most vulnerable to climate risks: our residential mortgage and commercial real estate portfolios (cRE) as well as our commercial and industrial (c I) portfolio.

To assess the vulnerability of our residential and commercial real estate portfolios, we evaluated how physical risks, such as direct damage from hazards, could impact property values, repayment and residual values.

Ultimately, we found that flooding was the largest threat due to the geographic distribution of the portfolio.

Our c I portfolio is most vulnerable to transition risks.

To assess transition risk, we looked at Berkshire’s c I portfolio at the industry level using the North American Industry Classification System (NAIcS) and then assessed each sector’s vulnerability based on how these industries operate today and how they are projected to be impacted by shifting consumer preferences and regulation.

Due to the size, scope and complexity of our operations, we focus on industries most vulnerable to transition risk.

Risks Our assessment processes primarily look at the two main sets of climate risks (transition and physical risk) and their impacts over short ( 5 years), medium (5 10 years) and long term (11 years) horizons on borrowers and the bank.

Transition Risk is the risk that occurs with the movement toward lower carbon, greener energy systems and economies as the world reduces its reliance on fossil fuels and other carbon intensive industries.

Transition risks over short , medium and long term horizons can include changes in consumer preferences, additional regulatory requirements or policy such as taxes, and use of new technologies.

Such developments could increase Berkshire’s, its customers’ and third parties’ operating costs, reduce demand for services from select customer segments and impact current strategies.

Reputation and customer relationships could be damaged as a result of Berkshire’s practices related to climate change mitigation as well as through its or its customers’ direct or indirect involvement with industries or projects with heightened climate related risks.

Over the long term, transition risks could also manifest in potential credit impacts affecting borrowers’ ability to repay obligations, increasing operating costs, creating stranded assets, uncertainty of residual values and potential loan losses.

Over the short term, the likelihood and impacts of transition risks are expected to be muted, but as we look out over medium and long term horizons, existing legislation and further shifts in the economy will begin to elevate risk levels leading to an increased probability for impacts.

Approximately 5% of Berkshire’s c I portfolio is exposed to the highest level of transition risk over the long term.

These transition risks are managed through ongoing monitoring, existing industry exclusions, due diligence processes, policies, insurance requirements, business continuity planning, target setting and product development.

Physical Risk is the direct effect of more frequent extreme weather related events or changing weather patterns on a physical asset or property such as homes or commercial real estate.

The physical risks of climate change over short , medium and long term horizons include weather related events, such as flooding and tornados, and longer term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, rising sea levels and more severe droughts.

Such events could disrupt Berkshire’s operations and impact customers or third parties on which Berkshire relies, including through direct damage to physical assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility.

This could impact borrowers’ ability to repay obligations, devalue physical assets resulting in uncertain residual values and affect third parties’ ability to deliver sector.

Dollars reported are as of risk assessment date 12 31 2023.

The loan population for this assessment looked at Berkshire’s C I portfolio at the industry level using the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS).

It focused on industries most vulnerable to transition risk.

Industry aggregations may differ from other reporting based on scope and data requirements unique to climate analysis.

Highest risk exposure was further broken down by subindustry where appropriate.

In turn, this could lead to operational disruptions, loan losses and an inability to fully recoup funds due to uncertain residual values over long term horizons.

Over the short and medium term, the likelihood and impacts of physical risks are expected to be episodic and isolated, but as we look out over longer term horizons, changes in water levels around low lying areas as a result of global warming and or more frequent weather related events will begin to elevate risk levels leading to an increased probability for impacts.

Less than 1% of Berkshire’s residential mortgage portfolio and approximately 13% of its commercial real estate portfolio could be exposed to varying levels of physical risk, most notably flooding.

These physical risks are managed through ongoing monitoring, due diligence processes, policies, insurance requirements, balance sheet management, business continuity planning, target setting and product development.

Natural resource management Berkshire continues to minimize its use of and impact on natural resources as well as reduce waste within its operations.

As part of Berkshire’s responsible and sustainable business policy, the Company has laid out a clear commitment to protect critical habitats and biodiversity as well as a policy to reduce waste within its operations.

We ensure projects meet local, state and federal environmental regulations and permitting requirements.

We provide multiple business waste recycling initiatives, including technology recycling, ensuring no technology ends up in landfills, shred bins to recycle paper, and filtered water at locations to reduce plastic and paper consumptions, and we encourage employees to use reusable drinking containers and packaging.

We continue to monitor the development of frameworks, including the Task Force for Nature Related Financial Disclosure, as we look to further assess the risks and opportunities arising from how the Company impacts the natural environment.

That being said, as a community bank operating in the Northeastern United States, Berkshire's core business activities have limited impacts on the natural environment, especially in light of local controls and its strong existing Company policies, programs and processes designed to mitigate potential negative impacts.

Opportunities ahead At Berkshire, our purpose is to empower the financial potential of all individuals in our communities.

We see our role addressing climate change and financing the transition as one way in which we fulfill that purpose.

Recognizing the opportunities across sectors to power the transition to a lower carbon economy, Berkshire announced and has nearly doubled a goal to lend and invest 300MM in low carbon projects.

Improving our own operational performance by accelerating our GHG reduction targets, reducing energy consumption, increasing our use of renewable energy, reducing surplus real estate holdings and strengthening the integration of climate change matters into additional business processes.

We’ve made steady progress in all these areas, achieving 100% renewable electricity use, reducing our GHG emissions, and optimizing surplus real estate.

In addition to the environmental benefits, these actions have helped reduce operating costs.

Growing our business to harness the momentum of the low carbon transition through financing renewable electricity generation, green building development, sustainable investing (SRI) portfolios and more, which complement our other environmentally conscious financial solutions, such as our MassSave Heat Loan.

Berkshire has made significant progress increasing its financing of green projects across its portfolios, as it explores additional innovative opportunities to collaborate with the public and private sector to accelerate the transition.

This included the successful allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds of its inaugural a sustainability bond, the first such issuance by a U.S. bank holding company with under 150B in assets.

The issuance supported Berkshire’s sustainable finance activities while lowering its cost of capital.

Helping our customers and partners become more climate resilient by sharing our expertise and expanding financial solution offerings.

Berkshire regularly assesses opportunities as part of its normal business operations and strategic planning to ensure it’s appropriately sourcing, evaluating, integrating and capitalizing on opportunities as market demand and government policy shift and risk mitigating strategies strengthen.

Metrics and targets The Company is conscious of the impact of its own operations on the environment and works diligently to measure, monitor and mitigate its direct and indirect environmental impacts.

To set the foundation for future progress, Berkshire is pleased to share its full Scope 1 and 2 GHG inventory and limited operational Scope 3 inventory.

As the company continues to mature its program, we expect to disclose additional metrics and targets, including Scope 3 emissions and financed emissions, which we expect to be the most significant source of GHG emissions within our inventory.

Berkshire set a 300MM target to help finance the green transition by the end of 2024 and has deployed the equivalent of nearly double that as of year end.

Berkshire continues to explore medium term Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction goals as it strives to reduce its overall emissions.

As of year end, Berkshire had already eliminated its Scope 2 emissions and reduced its Scope 1 emissions by 31% from the prior year.

Ultimately this led to an overall scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction of 36%.

Contributing to the emissions reductions was the transition to 100% renewable electricity, achieved through a combination of power purchase agreements, virtual net metering, greening of the grid and a small number of renewable energy credits.

The Company continues to reduce its Scope 3 impacts of purchased goods, including paper usage, by 77% from its 2014 baseline.

The Company also sourced 93% of its paper products from sustainable sources including recycled, SFI and FSC products.

Berkshire continues with its real estate optimization effort to further reduce our environmental footprint and we implemented a 100% virtual network in our financial centers that decreases energy usage, enhances our security posture and increases uptime to better serve our customers.

Collectively, these efforts will help drive further reductions in GHG emissions as Berkshire continues to mature its program.

Berkshire’s next steps As a Bank founded more than 175 years ago, our heritage will continue to guide us as we move further along in our climate journey.

We expect to continue to enhance our plans, programs and initiatives to reduce our emissions, as well as capitalize on the many business opportunities arising from the transition to a lower carbon economy.

Emissions calculated using the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and EPA U.S. EEIO emissions factors.

Scope 2 emissions calculated using market based methodology.

Scope 3 emissions calculated using spend methodology.

Berkshire provides a day care reimbursement program and a dependent care expense account.

Berkshire provides a day care reimbursement program and a dependent care expense account.

Berkshire provides flexible work arrangements, including the ability to work fully remote dependent on the duties of one’s job.

Berkshire provides flexible work arrangements, including the ability to work fully remote dependent on the duties of one’s job.

Berkshire’s short term incentive ( STI ) program includes a specific ESG component in the calculation of the total STI plan funding.

This measurement is based on a qualitative assessment of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, its social community impacts, and other results of its ESG initiatives, which include DEI related items.

Berkshire’s short term incentive ( STI ) program includes a specific ESG component in the calculation of the total STI plan funding.

This measurement is based on a qualitative assessment of Berkshire’s ESG rankings, its social community impacts, and other results of its ESG initiatives, which include DEI related items.

This document contains forward looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995).

There are several factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from expectations described in the forward looking statements.

For a discussion of such factors, please see Berkshire’s most recently filed reports on Forms 10 K and 10 Q, which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.

Berkshire does not undertake any obligation to update forward looking statements.

Banking products are provided by Berkshire Bank: Member FDIC.

Investment products are NOT FDIC INSURED, are NOT A BANK DEPOSIT, NOT GUARANTEED BY THE BANK, NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY and MAY LOSE VALUE.