Adobe Corporate   
Social Responsibility  
Report 2022 

Artwork by Yulia Vus 

 
A Message From Our CEO 

2 

Adobe was founded on simple yet enduring principles that remain with us to this day:  
Innovation is at our core, employees are our greatest asset, and our customers,  
communities and stakeholders are central to our success.  

As digital continues to rapidly reshape how we work, learn and 
play, Adobe’s products are fueling the digital economy and 
empowering everyone, everywhere to imagine, create and deliver 
any digital experience. Purpose has been core to the company’s 
DNA from its earliest days. Tere are three key areas in which we 
are uniquely positioned and motivated to make a diference: 
Adobe for All, Creativity for All and Technology to Transform. 

Adobe for All 
Adobe’s purpose starts with our commitment to create a work-
place and community that refects the diversity of the world 
around us, where everyone feels included and respected and has 
the opportunity to make an impact. Greater representation leads 
to a virtuous cycle of more role models, advancement, growth 
and meaningful innovations for our customers and communities. 
We are proud of our progress in increasing women in Director+ 
roles globally by 50% and our Black community in the U.S. by 
63% over the past two years. We are sponsoring the success of 
underrepresented minorities in technology careers at Adobe 
through initiatives such as the McKinsey Connected Leaders 
Academy in the U.S., Women in Tech Forum career coaching 

program in EMEA and Women Emerging Leaders Program in 
APAC. Externally, we are investing in building a talent pipeline 
through strategic collaborations with historically Black colleges 
and universities and Hispanic-serving institutions, such as Bowie 
State University, San José State University and Winston-Salem 
State University. Our innovative SheSparks internship program 
across our India sites enables women to successfully transition 
back to full-time work afer a career break, securing program 
management and technical roles at Adobe. 

Creativity for All 
As the creativity company, we are uniquely commited to advanc-
ing Creativity for All: empowering millions of creators of all ages 
and backgrounds to access the tools, skills and platforms they 
need to express themselves, reach their full potential and share 
their diverse perspectives. From supporting emerging flmmakers 
through the Sundance Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of 
creators we’ve aided fnancially through our Creative Residency 
Community Fund, to our Diverse Voices platform that elevates 
creators from a spectrum of disciplines, we are helping people 
around the world tell their stories on a larger scale. We’re sup-

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Message From Our CEO 

3 

porting digital literacy and creativity in the classroom by   
puting Adobe Express in the hands of over 40 million K-12  
students globally, and we are engaging with college students  
across more than 50 designated Adobe Creative Campuses   
to help the next generation build the skills they need to   
compete in the digital age. 

Technology to Transform 
As one of the world’s most innovative sofware companies 
touching the lives of billions of people, we are commited to 
advancing the responsible use of technology to build trust with 
our customers and communities. Our innovations are making a 
signifcant impact across AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and 
transparency, accessibility and sustainability. We are building on 
our decades of AI leadership and extending our people-centered 
approach to generative AI to continue to enhance — rather than 
replace — human endeavor. All new AI features and innovations 
are developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI ethics principles of 
accountability, responsibility and transparency. Te Content 
Authenticity Initiative, which we lead, now counts over 1,000 
partners across sofware, hardware, media, NGOs and education, 
all commited to combating misinformation and providing atri-
bution for creators. Last year, we launched Adobe Express for 
Nonprofts to help the over 10 million nonprofts around the 
world engage donors and drive greater impact. 

Adobe is commited to sustainability and climate action through 
our products and operations. Our cloud-based products are 
signifcantly reducing paper-based waste by accelerating the 
paper-to-digital transformation and enabling digital collaboration 
that reduces physical waste and emissions. Estimates show that 
paper-to-digital workfows powered by Document Cloud elimi-
nate over 2.5 billion pounds of greenhouse gas per year in the 
U.S. alone. Our Substance 3D tools allow campaigns to be de-
signed and shot virtually, eliminating the environmental cost of 
materials, manufacturing and travel. We continue our focus on 
renewable energy across our sites, including opening our Found-
ers Tower in San Jose in January 2023 — which is the frst 
all-electric building of its scale powered by 100% renewable 
energy in Silicon Valley. 

Artwork by Leandro Alzate 

Our employees around the world bring our mission to life, 
working together to create change in the communities where 
we live and work. Tey are at the center of our philanthropic 
approach, ofering their time, donations and talents to make the 
largest collective impact. In calendar year 2022, we invested over 
$113M in cash and in-kind in our communities, with employees 
completing over 150,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting 
over 89,000 organizations worldwide. 

Over the past four decades, Adobe has embraced invention and 
reinvention to beter serve our customers and communities and 
deliver the best of Adobe to our stakeholders. Tis sense of 
purpose has guided our evolution and continues to inspire our 
employees to invent the future and change the world for the 
beter. Our groundbreaking technology, strong brand and excep-
tional culture position us well to continue to drive growth and 
meaningful impact for decades to come. 

Shantanu Narayen 
Chair & CEO, Adobe Inc. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Our Values in Action: 2022 

4 

GOVERNANCE AND FINANCIAL 

COMMUNITY* 

EMPLOYEES 

SUSTAINABILITY 

50% 

Board of Directors with  
gender or demographic  
diversity 

$113M+ 

in cash and in-kind  
invested in c ommunities  
worldwide 

1:1 

5 consecutive years of global   
gender pay parity  

100% 

renewable electricity  
target accelerated from  
2035 to 2025 

 $17.61B  

Revenue 
a 12% year-over-year growth from FY2021 

Digital Media Revenue 

$12.84B   

an 11% increase from FY2021 

Digital Experience Revenue 

$4.42B   

a 14% increase from FY2021 

89K+ 

nonproft organizations served 

70% 

of Adobe employees volunteered  
over 150,000 hours  in their  
communities  

* Data represents calendar year 2022. 

3 consecutive years of pay parity 

between URM* and non-URM 
employees in the U.S. 

34.6% 

of employees self-identify 
as women—an increase of nearly 
4,000 employees in fve years 

* Underrepresented minorities (URM) are U.S. employees who  
  identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native 
American, Pacifc Islander, and/or two or more races. 

Taking Action 

Achieved Scope 1, 2 and 3 — 
business travel emission reduction 
targets ahead of target year 

Released three Adobe product 
environmental calculators to help 
customers meet their sustainability goals 

Science-based   
targets in line with 

1

.

5°

p

a

thw

ay 

C  

Declared   
new water and   
waste reduction  
commitments 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Values in Action: 2022 

5 

Together with the Adobe Foundation, the Adobe Creative Residency 
Community Fund, Adobe’s employee matching grants program and 
our customer matching program, we have given nearly $2.5 million 
to aid humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine and support journalists 
on the ground. 

Ukraine Response Efforts 

Employee Impact 

Our belief is that employees are not only our greatest asset as a 
company but also a powerful force for creating change in our 
communities. Through the Pro Bono Initiative, board service 
and mentoring programs, Adobe offers employees the 
opportunity to use their skills for good and support causes that 
are important to them. In honor of Adobe’s 40th anniversary, 
our employees showed how much they care for communities 
around the world. 

4,808 

3,795  

causes and organizations supported 

unique donations by employees 

Awards and Rankings 

View the full list of recognitions here and here. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Governance and Oversight 

6 

We have the power to create positive change in the places where we live and work, and 
our executive leadership and board of directors are engaged in every step of this journey. 

Our governance structure ensures our  
corporate social responsibility (CSR) eforts  
are coordinated across our business. 

Our management team provides updates on an annual, if not 

more frequent basis, to the Board and its committees on various 

CSR matters, such as diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and 

climate action. Our Sustainability Committee, a global, cross-

functional group of individuals overseen by an executive council, 

reviews and guides strategies and proposes action plans and 

performance objectives related to our sustainability efforts. 

Accountability 
We hold ourselves accountable for progress against our 

commitments and goals. In 2022 we conducted a third-party 

audit to strengthen our DEI communications and reporting 

processes. We also completed our first global Human Rights 

Impact Assessment to document salient human rights risks and 

mitigation activities, and facilitate stakeholder dialogue. Each 

assessment showed that, across Adobe, increased focus on DEI 

and human rights efforts is viewed as a critical way we can 

create lasting change inside and outside our company. 

Materiality 
We use a comprehensive materiality assessment process 

to ensure that our strategies, programs and reporting all 

focus on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders 

and deliver the greatest social and environmental impact 

to our communities. 

“Adobe’s commitment to people, purpose and 
community underpins everything we do — 
from our product innovations and sustainable 
operations to the causes we champion — 
paving the way for the company’s next decade 
of growth and impact.” 

— Jonathan Vaas, VP, Investor Relations 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
Te Power of Collaboration 

7 

Collaboration is the embodiment of our purpose and impact as a company. Our approach 
to building long-term, lasting collaboration around shared values—and sustaining it over 
time for maximum impact—is what sets us apart. In every collaboration, we commit the 
full weight of our people, our products and our philanthropy. We take a proactive, 
differentiated and transparent approach. 

Consider just a few examples of the impact we have driven by working together: 

Adobe for All 

Creativity for All 

We utilized our engagement with organizations such as the 
National Minority Supplier Development Council, 
National LGBT Chamber of Commerce and National 
Veteran Business Development Council to increase our 
FY2022 spend with diverse suppliers by 9.9%. 

Through the Sundance Ignite and Women to Watch x Adobe 
Fellowships, we support new voices and talents from the next 
generation of filmmakers by providing professional development 
spanning access to tools, mentorships and resources to empower 
bold new storytelling in film and media. So far, 125 filmmakers 
have gone through the programs and 17+ have premiered films  
at the Sundance Film Festival. 

Technology to Transform 

Sustainability at Scale 

We worked with the Business Software Alliance, the world’s  
leading advocate for innovation in the software industry,  
to ensure that responsible AI ethics regulations are passed 
throughout the world. 

Adobe participated in LEAD on Climate 2022, a group that  
brought together companies and investors to call on the U.S. 
Congress to address the climate crisis and accelerate the  
transition to domestic clean energy. 

“The donated Adobe product has been utilized 
on a near-daily basis by 70+ users across our 
entire organization in the past year. Adobe was 
able to make some helpful suggestions as to how 
to address some of the weaknesses with the 
current tools we use on the Communications 
team. These Adobe product donations are 
utilized in the early stages of and throughout 
nearly every visual investigation conducted by 
HRW’s Digital Investigations Lab team.” 

— Human Rights Watch 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

88 

Adobe for All 

We believe that when people feel  
respected and included, they are more  
creative, innovative and successful.  

Artwork by Yulia Vus 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportAdobe for All: Equity and Advancement Initiative 

9 

In 2022, we made progress across diversity, 
equity and inclusion by building a more diverse 
workforce, fostering an inclusive workplace and 
mobilizing our ecosystem of partners to make an 
impact outside the company. We also furthered 
our global network of partners and collaborators 
to foster racial and social justice around the world. 

Global Reach, Global Impact 

In 2022, the Adobe Foundation launched the Equity and Advancement Initiative 

(EAI), a new, global approach to nonprofit collaboration grounded in the pillars of 

People, Product and Philanthropy. EAI is a holistic model of corporate philanthropy 

that draws upon the best of Adobe to support nonprofit organizations through: 

•  Foundation grants 
•  Employee giving and volunteering 
•  Access to Adobe product 
•  Pro bono support 

Through EAI, Adobe collaborates with 11 best-in-class 

racial and social justice organizations that share our 

commitment to advance equity and inclusion within 

our business and out in our communities. Their focus 

areas are aligned with the priorities of our DEI teams 

and Employee Networks, which participated in the 

selection of EAI organizations. 

The Initiative centers on both impact and two-way  

engagement in which we share our learnings across  

the EAI cohort and Adobe. Adobe hosts a cohort  

community that meets regularly, composed of  

leaders from each of the 11 EAI organizations,  

enabling nonprofit leaders working across issues and  

geographies to advise Adobe and one another on  

what is working and what can be improved. 

funder. Mona Sinha, Global Executive Director of   

EAI organization  Equality Now, recently shared:  

We also strive to practice “trust-based philanthropy”  

“Adobe is really redefining what CSR means, showing  

by collaborating with organizations that align with  

genuine vision and leadership in bringing   

Adobe for All’s commitment and being responsive   

all these social justice nonprofits together in a  

to the true needs of those organizations. Through EAI,  

collaborative cohort to share learning, expertise and  

Adobe provides multiyear general operating support  

drive synergies across our shared mission of social  

and limits funder-imposed requirements — strategies  

justice — we talk to other brands and partners about  

the organizations point to as unique for a corporate  

it, because [it’s] trailblazing.” 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adobe for All: Driving Progress Within Adobe and Beyond 

10 

An important dimension of measuring our progress on DEI is tracking the makeup of our employee base over time. In FY2022, 
we grew our population of women employees globally and underrepresented minority (URM) employees in the U.S., and we 
are pleased with our progress over the past five years with the representation and the number of employees self-identifying 
as women and U.S. URM employees. 

Representation Metrics & Goals 

In September 2020, we established aspirational goals 

for representation overall and at leadership levels to 

help realize our vision of a truly diverse and inclusive 

workplace. 

•  

Increase representation of women  in leadership  

positions, defined as employees who are director-

level and above, to 30% globally by 2025. 

•   Double representation of U.S. URM employees   

in leadership positions by 2025. 

•   Double Black representation as a percentage   

of U.S. employees by 2025. 

Adobe’s vision and strategy for creating a diverse workforce 
is outlined at adobe.com/diversity. 

A comprehensive set of key DEI performance indicators is 
available in the Social data table. 

FY2022 progress against key goals:  

27.7%  

7.6%  

Women in Director+ leadership   
positions globally   

URM employees in Director+  
leadership in the U.S.   

3.1%   

Black employees in our   
U.S. employee base   

+50%  from end of FY2020 

+49% from end of FY2020 

+63%  from end of FY2020 

We continued to see steady progress in the percentage 
of women represented in our global workforce: 

31.9% 

33% 

33.4%  33.8%  34.6% 

10,036

+ 58.4%

6,334 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2018 

2022 

% Women in Global Employee Base 

Abobe employees self-identifying as women 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Adobe for All: Workforce 

11 

Recruitment and Advancement of a  
More Diverse Workforce 

At Adobe, we appreciate the unique qualities that each 

person brings to work. We continued to run our job 

descriptions through software to identify and address 

potentially biased language, proactively published to 

In FY2022, we invested in 
partnerships and events to engage 
candidates across underrepresented 
communities, including: 

University and College Engagement 

In FY2022, we continued our support of historically Black colleges and 

universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic-serving Institutions (HSIs). In so doing, we 

exposed more than 22,000 students to skills for jobs in tech and creative 

industries. The Adobe Foundation granted $1 million to each of the 

participating universities, including Bowie State University, Winston-Salem State 

diversity job boards, and employed inclusive recruitment 

Black/African American: AfroTech, Codehouse, 

University and San José State University. Beyond our financial support, we 

practices to help us source candidates from diverse 

HBCU 20x20, Mentor Me Collective, 

worked with faculty and staff at each of the institutions to provide students with 

backgrounds. We continued our Hiring at Adobe 

National Black MBA 

program for managers and interviewers, which focuses 

on ensuring fair and consistent hiring processes, and 

Disability: Disability:IN, Project Hired 

training and learning programs, access to creative and digital tools, and 

mentoring and career development opportunities. 

initiated a certified diversity recruiter program. 

Hispanic/Latinx: San José State University 

Highlights of our collaboration include: 

Employee Pride in Dublin, Ireland 

Indigenous: Advancing Indigenous People 

student athletes with career skills and experiences 

Latino Business Student Association, LatinX in AI 

•  The launch of the Student Athlete Micro Internship program to provide 

in STEM, American Indian Science and 

Engineering Society 

LGBTQ+: Lesbians Who Tech 

Underrepresented Minorities: AdColor, 

Management Leadership for Tomorrow, 

Life After the NFL 

Veterans: HIRE VETS NOW, VetinTech 

Women: Grace Hopper Celebration of Women, 

San José State University’s Society of Women 

in Engineering 

•  A cyber security internship program with Bowie State University 

•  The Adobe Ignite HBCU Scholarship with the Thurgood Marshall College 

Fund, which awards 50 students $15,000 scholarships in the 2022–2023 

academic school year 

We continued our successful university technology scholarship programs 

designed to create gender equality in science, technology and engineering 

domains by encouraging women to showcase their excellence in computing and 

technology and become future leaders and role models in the field. This 

included the Adobe Research Women in Technology Scholarship for women 

who are studying at North American universities, and the Adobe India Women 

in Tech Scholarship for women enrolled in an Indian university or institute. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Adobe for All: Workforce 

12 

Mid-career Pathways 

Going beyond universities, we want to give individuals from nontraditional 
backgrounds in the U.S. new opportunities to enter technology and design careers. 

SheSparks internship program 

At our India sites, our innovative SheSparks internship 

program enabled women to successfully transition back 

to full-time work after a career break. Established in 

2019, this six-month bridge program empowers 

returning women professionals with training, role-

specific mentors, a supportive community and 

opportunities to grow with high-impact work. More 

than 50 women have participated in the program and 

secured positions at Adobe including project managers, 

data engineers, solution architects, engineering 

Adobe Digital Academy 

program managers and more. 

Established in March 2016, the Adobe Digital  

Academy, in partnership with General Assembly, 

ofers an alternative and accelerated path to  

switching careers, and we are commited to  

placing 99% of the graduates into full-time jobs  

in the years ahead, whether at Adobe or another  

company. Te program provides candidates with  

scholarships and living stipends to help them  

gain the education for careers in user experience  

design, data science or web development. 

Women's Executive Shadow Program at Adobe 

Investing for Success 

Adobe offers growth and development programs globally 
for underrepresented groups to strengthen career 
development and pursue leadership roles. 

Because increasing women representation in the tech industry is a universal 

challenge, we hosted a number of successful programs for women at Adobe 

including the Leadership Circles development program, which launched 

10 years ago; Women’s Executive Shadow Program globally; WeLead 

program in India; Women in Tech Forum career coaching platform in EMEA; 

and Women Emerging Leaders Program in APAC and Japan. 

Adobe is also investing in development programs for underrepresented 

groups. Through the Taking Action Initiative we have continued the Adobe 

Sponsorship Program for Black managers and directors, as well as the 

McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy for Black, Asian/Pacific Islander 

and Hispanic/Latinx employees. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adobe for All: Workplace 

13 

We work hard every day to achieve the ideal of Adobe for All 
through a workplace that inspires a sense of belonging, 
family-friendly benefits, support for regional and global 
employee communities, parity initiatives, and more. 

Employee Communities  

Adobe’s eight employee networks were instrumental in building community, strengthening 

inclusion and driving progress for underrepresented groups. The impact of our employee 

networks was part of the fabric of our Adobe Life as we celebrated cultural moments like Black 

History Month, Lunar New Year, Pride Month, Women’s History Month and many more. 

Employee networks created opportunities to learn and grow, helped with recruiting efforts, 

sponsored a peer mentoring program, and provided support for nonprofit organizations. 

Learn more about Adobe’s employee networks and their commitment to strengthen our culture. 

Let’s Belong Together 

Support for Work and Life 

At Adobe, we use the power of storytelling to  

We support our employees in their lives  

help build empathy, strengthen inclusion and  

outside work through benefits to their  

expand perspectives. Our annual Adobe for 

health, education, and family lives. We have  

All Week event centered on the theme, Let’s  

enhanced our benefits to support the  

Belong Together, and provided a unifying  

LBGTQ+ community, provided expanded  

moment for employees to celebrate  

women’s health benefits, and continued to  

progress, be inspired by employee and guest  

introduce enhanced parental leave benefits  

speakers’ stories, and commit to making  

around the world. 

meaningful change. Through hybrid event  

programming, we brought together 7,200  

To find more about the comprehensive  

employees virtually and 6,700 employees  

benefits offered to our employees visit:   

in-person across Asia Pacific, Europe, India,  

Employee benefits   

Japan, and the Americas.  

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Adobe for All: Workplace 

14 

Allyship   

In FY2022, we continued our global employee allyship program, 

called Action Circles, with the goal of helping employees 

Demonstrating Fairness   
Trough Parity Initiatives  
We invest in analysis and transparency to demonstrate our 

become active and effective allies in supporting underserved 

commitment to fair compensation. We define pay parity as 

and underrepresented groups. 

ensuring that employees in the same job and location are paid 

fairly relative to one another, regardless of gender or ethnicity. 

1,024 

employees around the world participated 
in Action Circles in FY2022 

Employees celebrating Diwali 

Commitments 

Pay Distribution   

Adobe employees celebrating together 

In FY2022, we maintained  global gender  
pay parity for the fifth year in a row. 

In FY2022, we maintained pay parity 
between URM and non-URM 
employees in the U.S. for the third 
year in a row. 

Adobe continues to support the 
California Equal Pay Pledge. 

Our French business achieved a
 90/100 score in the 2022 France 
Gender Equality Index. 

Unadjusted median pay gap, a metric frequently used by 

the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and other governmental 

organizations, compares the median pay of one population 

to the median pay of another population, where median 

pay is the midpoint of a stack ranking of salaries from low 

to high. 

As of July 1, 2022: 

Our unadjusted global median pay for women 
was 97.1% of the median pay for men 

Our unadjusted median pay for URM employees 
was 86.1% of the median pay for non-URM 
employees in the U.S. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adobe for All: Ecosystem 

15 

We actively align our DEI commitments to our products, partnerships and suppliers to amplify our reach and impact. 
In FY2022, we collaborated with organizations dedicated to driving progress. 

Driving Diversity Across Our Industry 

Supplier Diversity Program 

We continued our engagements with CEO Action for Diversity &  

We continue to invest in our Supplier Diversity  

Inclusion, Parity.org and  The Institute for Corporate Productivity. 

Program to ensure that Adobe’s purchasing strategy  

We collaborated with industry peers to advance diversity across  

includes businesses that are certified as majority-

multiple dimensions by improving the experiences of people with  

owned and operated by entrepreneurs from  

disabilities as a member of The Valuable 500; addressing race issues   

underrepresented groups. 

in the workplace through the Ascend 5-Point Action Agenda; and 

committing to interview at least one qualified woman and person   

Our increased spend with diverse suppliers builds 

of color for every open role at the vice president and above level  

on our ongoing partnerships with: 

through the  ParityPledge. 

•  Western Regional Minority Supplier Development 

Council 

Aligned with our commitment to fostering an inclusive and supportive 

•  National Minority Supplier Development Council 

environment, we participated in the Bloomberg Gender Equality 

•  Women’s Business Enterprise National Council 

Index, Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality 

•  National LGBT Chamber of Commerce 

Index, and Disability:IN and the American Association of People with 

•  National Veteran Business Development Council 

Disabilities' Disability Equality Index. 

•  Disability:IN 

9.9% 

increase in our spend with diverse suppliers 
in FY2022 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

16 
16

Creativity for All 

We believe that everyone is creative and has  
the right to share their story, which creates a  
richer world for all of us.  

Artwork by Yulia Vus 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportCreativity for All: Creating a 21st Century Workforce 

17 

From supporting diverse creators through our Sundance x Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of creators we’ve aided fnancially 
through our Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund, we are enabling people around the world to tell their stories on a larger scale. 

Creative expression has become a 21st century skill. We’re working to ensure all students have access to creative 
curricula and opportunities. Digital literacy is an imperative, and we’re committed to equipping students and 
teachers with what they need to succeed. We invest in youth and their creative pursuits through: 

Creativity Scholarships  

Adobe Express 

In 2022, we awarded over 

We have put Adobe Express in 

$5 million in scholarships 

the hands of more than 40 million 

to diverse students and career 

K-12 students globally, and we are 

switchers to focus on careers 

engaging with college students across 

in technology and creative 

the U.S. at more than 50 designated 

industries. 

Adobe Creative Campuses. 

USC Annenberg Digital Lounge 

Adobe has enjoyed a long-running partnership 

with the Annenberg School for Communication 

and Journalism at the University of Southern 

California. As part of Annenberg’s curriculum, 

students can enroll in a free 10-week 

certification course, taught by Adobe experts, 

which takes them through Adobe’s software 

products. Students attain proficiency in a suite 

of Adobe products, which opens them to a 

variety of career opportunities focused on 

design and creativity skills. 

India 2% for Youth 

Khan Academy  

We have engaged more than 

Adobe has supported the 

100,000 students in 800 villages 

integration of creativity into 

in India via “Creative Clubs", and 

the curriculum, reaching 

supported Mobile Innovation labs 

40,000 teachers and 3 

that reach an additional 21,000 

million students globally. 

children in India. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Creativity for All: Supporting Creators Around the World 

18 

Creativity is the great enabler and has the power to create change  
in the world, by uniting us, helping us cope, and inspiring us.  
It’s also how Adobe uniquely drives impact by empowering  
the world’s creators. 

Giving Voice and Support to Creators in Ukraine 

Adobe founded the Creative Residency Community Fund to support the creative community 

during the height of the COVID-19 crisis. In response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, Adobe 

transitioned the Fund’s activities to support creators in the region. In 2022, we provided grants to 

125 creators impacted by the war in Ukraine. 

Selected applicants received 

12-month 
subscription 
to Adobe Creative Cloud to 

support their work. 

$10,000 
from the Fund to be used at  

their discretion, whether for 

professional needs like new tools 

and sofware, or simply to support 

themselves and their families. 

In 2022, the Adobe Foundation gave: 

•  $1.5 million to NAMI to fund 

research on the relationship 

between creativity and mental 

health and expand its person-first 

digital storytelling initiative. 

•  $1 million to JED to power the 

expansion of its programming  

for 150 high schools and 500  

universities by the end of 2023; 

investment in new content and 

campaign resources to help young 

adults with lived experiences to 

share their stories; and the creation 

of a Center for Storytelling and 

Culture Change that will ensure that 

representations of mental health  

are authentic, accurate and safe. 

•  $250,000 to United for Global 

Mental Health to support its Global 

Mental Health Action Network, a 

cross-sector community of 2,200 

individuals and organizations from 

127 countries that share a mission  

to promote the right to good  

mental health. 

Supporting Mental Health 
through Creative Expression 

Adobe is committed to addressing the 

growing global mental health crisis by 

investing in the systems, policies and 

organizations supporting young people. 

Throughout 2022, Adobe worked in 

collaboration with The National 

Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), The 

Jed Foundation (JED) and United for 

Global Mental Health to better 

understand the relationship between 

creativity and positive mental outcomes, 

and to increase accessibility to mental 

health resources among youth creators 

around the world. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportCreativity for All: Elevating Diverse Voices 

19 

Adobe is investing in diverse creators and promoting systems and policies that give everyone the opportunity to create, 
make their voices heard and share their stories. 

Diverse Voices 

Adobe's Diverse Voices program was built to provide underrepresented creators 
with tangible and scalable opportunities to grow their careers by ofering Adobe 
platforms to amplify their work and stories as well as mentorship with industry 
leaders inside and outside Adobe. Te Diverse Voices platform on Adobe.com 
showcases stories of diverse creators from a spectrum of disciplines. 
Examples of our initiatives to make creativity more equitable include: 

Adobe MAX 

During our annual creativity 

conference in October 2022, we 

brought Diverse Voices to life — 

reaching approximately 100,000 

people—through virtual 

presentations, panel discussions, 

and keynote speeches. 

Credit: Aurélia Durand 

2022 Sundance Ignite x Adobe Fellows 

Adobe Max 

Dedicated Campaigns 

Creators around the world shared  

their voice across social channels,  

Adobe.com and our media partners’  

platforms. Providing more channels to  

get their work seen and providing  

essential work experience and  

exposure to advance their own  

platforms has resulted in over 20  

million impressions for diverse  

creators around the world. 

Partnerships 

Our work with partners such as Sundance,  

Apple+, Meta, USC Annenberg and others  

aims to provide underrepresented creators  

with the mentorship and access they need  

to advance their careers. In 2022, the  

partnerships resulted in 75 new intensive  

mentorships and over 10 million  

impressions for their work. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

20 
20

Technology to 
Transform 

We are committed to advancing the responsible 
use of technology for the good of society. Our  
innovations are making a significant impact   
across  AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and  
transparency, accessibility, and sustainability. 

Artwork by Yulia Vus 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report  
Technology to Transform: Leading the Way

21

With the accelerating shift to digital channels, consumer expectations, privacy laws and platform requirements are evolving at  
an unprecedented pace. Creating a safe digital environment for our community partners, customers and employees requires  
ongoing collaboration across the software industry, with policymakers, with our customers and with our partners. 

900+ global members

(CAI) three years ago

AI Ethics 

Our people-centered approach to AI seeks to enhance—rather than 

replace—human endeavor. We believe AI has the power to amplify 

human intelligence, creativity and ingenuity to create exceptional digital 

experiences, and we are committed to advancing AI in a responsible, 

inclusive and ethical way. All new AI features and innovations released 

in 2022 were developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI Ethics principles 

since the launch of the Content Authenticity Initiative  

of accountability, responsibility and transparency.

Trust and Transparency

Creating a safe digital environment for our community 

partners, customers and employees requires ongoing 

collaboration across the software industry, with policy-

makers, with our customers and with our partners.

Three years ago, we launched the Content Authenticity 

Initiative (CAI) with the goal of increasing trust  

and transparency online through provenance, which 

Examples of our efforts include:

•  Continuing oversight from our AI Ethics Committee  

and Review Board, which includes employees with diverse 

professional backgrounds and life experiences

•  Supporting ongoing collaboration with industry leaders to create  

and build guiding frameworks, Trust in AI and AI Risk Management

•  Continuing engagements with organizations such as the Business 

Software Alliance to ensure that responsible AI regulations  

are passed throughout the world, and the National Institute  

of Standards and Technology to better manage AI risks to  

individuals, organizations and society 

describes the origins of a piece of digital content.  

In 2022, the CAI furthered its mission by launching  

The CAI is a further demonstration to our customers  

open-source technical standards for content provenance, 

that they can be confident that Adobe builds solutions  

developed in partnership with the Coalition for Content 

in a way that is ethical, responsible and inclusive.  

Provenance and Authenticity (C2PA), and a suite of  

The technology empowers creators everywhere to  

open-source tools, enabling a broad developer 

add a layer of provable authenticity to their content.

community to integrate the C2PA standards. The CAI 

1,000+ 

global CAI members since launch three years ago

also collaborated on significant policy developments  

in Europe and the U.S., including on the European 

Commission’s 2022 Code of Practice on Disinformation, 

the first international code to include commitments  

on provenance and the C2PA standard.

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
Technology to Transform: Accessibility 

22 

Adobe has been a longtime champion of 
accessibility and digital inclusion. Our digital 
accessibility strategy is built on three principles: 

1.

Integrating accessibility features in all our products
and platforms, from design through implementation

2. Partnering with government and industry leaders
to set web accessibility standards to promote
greater inclusion

3. Ensuring that Adobe provides a supportive
environment for all employees including
those with disabilities

In 2022, our dedicated Accessibility team was awarded the   

Accessibility at Scale award for our wide-reaching and mature  

accessibility efforts. Other progress includes:  

•  Promoting our internal Digital Accessibility Guide to help 

developers build accessibility into products

•  Supporting our  Blue Belt accessibility training program  

to educate our engineers and product testers

• 

Incorporating  inclusive design principles across our  

products to make them more accessible

• 

Initiating a program to ensure our software procurement 

processes include accessibility considerations

•  Continuing our longstanding involvement with the  

W3C’s WCAG and ARIA guidelines for accessibility

Harnessing Digital Tools and Social Media 
to Demystify Disabilities 

In 2022, we conducted research to explore how people with disabilities are 

raising awareness, increasing representation, and inspiring others through 

creative tools and social media. We found that people with disabilities are 

navigating the digital world in a way that drives creativity, spurs innovation 

and fosters collaboration on a global scale. 

Partnering with Experts 
on Readability 

Through Adobe’s Readability Initiative, we’re 

working with educators, reading experts, 

nonprofits and technologists to personalize 

the experience of reading on digital devices. 

Together we’re working to conduct research, 

run pilot programs, and share our learnings to 

help people of all ages and abilities read 

better through machine learning and digital 

tools like Adobe Acrobat. These tools give 

readers the ability to customize their PDF 

reading experience, which can improve speed, 

comfort and reading comprehension. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Technology to Transform: Adobe for Nonprofts 

23 

Adobe Express for Nonprofts 

In October 2022, we launched Adobe Express for Nonprofits, 
which provides the premium version of Adobe Express free to 
nonprofits to help changemakers around the world quickly 
and easily make standout content. This innovative platform 
helps organizations easily create stunning social graphics, short 
videos and web pages to accelerate their mission and drive 
greater impact. 

R.O.C.K.'s Student Adult Leadership Training program participate in a beach cleanup to give back to their community. 

Real Options for City Kids (R.O.C.K.) 

R.O.C.K. nurtures the healthy development of children by listening attentively to 

their needs and by providing opportunities to those who might not otherwise have 

access. They provide active and academic programming to local youth in Visitacion 

Valley —where many children are faced with considerable social and economic 

challenges on a daily basis. 

“I'm an early adopter of Adobe Express and I love it. I use it to create 
campaigns from start to finish. I go in there and I create social assets 
and with the click of a button, I can resize them for any platform. 

I can make impact graphics for our campaign pages.” 

—Hayley Walker, Marketing and Development Manager, R.O.C.K. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

24 
24

Sustainability  
at Scale 

We are enabling sustainability at scale across 
industries through our commitment to reducing our 
impact on the planet, developing digital products 
that enable our customers and communities to 
reduce physical waste and cut emissions, and 
working with our peers, partners, and employees 
to foster a culture of sustainability. 

Artwork by Yulia Vus 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
  
Sustainability at Scale: Our Commitments in 2022 and Beyond 

25 

As Adobe continues to advance our corporate sustainability goals, 
we recognize that we can and must do more to further reduce 
our environmental impact. This is why Adobe is accelerating our 
timelines and making additional public commitments to further 
drive sustainability into all parts of the business, including: 

Accelerating our goal 
of powering 

100% 

of our operations with renewable 
electricity from 2035 to 2025 to 
support our science-based target 
and limit global warming to 1.5°C 

Declaring new water and waste  
reduction commitments 

25%  by 2025 (from a 2019 baseline) 

reduction in global water 
usage per full-time employee 

90% 

global waste diversion 
rate maintained 

Continuing our engagements globally with policymakers and 
external advocacy groups in support of policy initiatives that foster 
a more sustainable society and help slow climate change. 

Customer Success Stories 

HUGO BOSS 

Adobe unveiled the Adobe Substance 3D Sustainability Calculator, which 

delivers data and benchmarks for sustainability initiatives tied to 3D design. 

•   Adobe’s 3D and immersive media innovations  

enable companies like Nike to advance its  

sustainability goals by transforming physical  

product manufacturing to highly efficient  

digital workflows.  

•  

Investments in Adobe’s 3D design tools are  

helping  HUGO BOSS support the company’s  

efforts around sustainable fashion. For  

suppliers and vendors, teams can review  

designs digitally, bypassing the need to create  

and ship samples back and forth.    

98% 

reduction in carbon emissions 
driven by virtual photoshoots 
through Adobe Substance 3D, 
compared to physical 
photoshoots 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainability at Scale: Reducing Our Impact on the Environment 

26 

Adobe’s commitment to sustainability and climate action is evident throughout 
our product offerings, operations, and partnerships and advocacy efforts. 
We have achieved significant progress in recent years. 

Product Innovation 

Adobe’s sustainability values are grounded in innovation. 

As we work to change the world through digital experiences, 

we also help companies and creators work more efficiently 

and sustainably. Consider: 

Adobe Document Cloud 
As a pioneer in the paper-to-digital transformation, Document Cloud 

continues to have a real and measurable impact on the environment 

globally. Document Cloud enables paperless productivity for millions 

of businesses and individuals worldwide. 

Adobe PDF  
PDF is the de facto global standard for digital document 

workflows. The introduction of PDF in 1993 provided a 

universal way to communicate, enabling a mass migration 

from paper to digital documents. Last year alone more 

than 400 billion PDFs were opened in Adobe products. 

400B+ 

•   The majority of the Fortune 500, hundreds of government  

organizations, thousands of small businesses and millions of  

individuals use Document Cloud’s digital document and e-signature  

solutions instead of paper-based processes every day.   

•   Documents created, signed, shared and stored in Document Cloud  

drive a 95% reduction in environmental impact compared with  

paper-based processes.  

•   Each year in the U.S. alone, Adobe Document Cloud transforms  

what would have been 30 billion paper documents  into digital  

workflows, saving the equivalent of 3.2 billion gallons of water, 1.1  

billion pounds of wood, 177 million pounds of waste, 2.7  

PDFs opened using Adobe products in 2022 

billion pounds of greenhouse gas and 1.1 billion kWh of energy. 

•   The 8 billion electronic and digital signature transactions processed  

through Adobe Document Cloud in the past year saved 840 million  

liters of water and 248,000 trees, and is equivalent to taking over 

Resource Saver Calculator 

In collaboration with the Environmental Defense 

Fund and the Environmental Paper Network, 

Adobe developed the Resource Saver Calculator. 

This useful tool enables customers to understand 

how Adobe Document Cloud can help make their 

business more sustainable by saving time, 

resources, emissions and costs. 

According to our Calculator’s estimates, for every 1 

million pages signed daily via Adobe Acrobat Sign 

more than 27 million gallons of water, 1.5 million 

pounds of waste and 23.4 million pounds of CO2 

emissions are avoided. The savings from the CO2 

emissions are equivalent to taking 5 million cars 

18,400 cars off the road for a year. 

off the road. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Sustainability at Scale: Our Approach 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

27

Operational sustainability is a hallmark of Adobe, inspiring us to build LEED- and green-certified offices, 
set a 100% renewable electricity goal, and establish science-based climate targets. 

Operations 

Suppliers 

We’ve already achieved our 2025 targets for reduction in scope 1, scope 

We are collaborating across our value chain with our 

2 and business travel emissions. And with our continued focus on 

suppliers. We are working with suppliers to encourage 

renewable energy across our major sites, including the completion of 

them to set their own science-based climate targets 

our Founders Tower which opened in January 2023—the first all-electric 

and improve the transparency and accuracy of disclosures. 

building of its scale powered by 100% renewable energy in Silicon 

Recently we partnered with our two largest cloud 

Valley—we’re not just on track but ahead of our original 2035 renewable 

providers to discuss joint action on climate targets and 

electricity goal and plan to meet this by 2025. 

Photo Credit: Courtesy of Gensler | Jason O'Rear Photography 

the development of refined reporting methodology 

to help customers understand the emissions associated 

with the delivery of Adobe products and services. 

Public Policy and Partnerships 

When it comes to sustainability, no single organization 

can go it alone. We work with our customers, industry 

peers and partners to use our collective voice to affect 

change. We partner with a variety of organizations and 

trade and technology associations around the world 

to scale our reach and drive lasting impact. 

For more details on Adobe’s commitment to the 

environment, read our Sustainability Policy. 

Examples of our 
collaboration include: 

April 26, 2022:  

Adobe sent a letter to Members 
of Congress in support of clean 
energy investments 

February 25, 2022:   
Adobe signed a letter to 
California Governor Newsom in 
support of a fully funded Office 
of Racial Equity, which would 
address systemic inequalities, 
including the disproportionate 
impact of climate change on 
communities of color 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
About this Report 

28 

We are committed to providing an annual account of our 

Many of our priorities, outcomes and impacts—and thereby our 

performance on CSR issues. Unless otherwise noted, all 

process for communicating them—are greatly informed by the 

information conveyed in this report covers Adobe’s Fiscal 

established frameworks used to evaluate company performance 

Year 2022, from Dec. 4, 2021 to Dec. 2, 2022, and all financial 

across social, environment and governance practices. Our 

information is disclosed in U.S. dollars. 

disclosures are informed by the Sustainability Accounting Standards 

Board (SASB), Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), CDP and Task Force 

As the most pressing social and environmental issues that we face 

on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 

are increasingly interrelated, we are integrating our annual 

Diversity and Inclusion Report into this CSR review going forward. 

This update represents our impacts, progress and results as they 

Along with additional materials on the Corporate Responsibility, 

relate to social and environmental responsibility. We present 

Sustainability, Investor Relations and Diversity, Equity and 

performance data throughout the update, and we are committed 

Inclusion sections of our website, this report provides an overview 

to the continued improvement, accuracy and sophistication of our 

of the priority areas of where Adobe, its employees and its 

corporate social responsibility information. To this end, Adobe’s 

partners are making meaningful, positive impacts on society. 

Corporate Social Responsibility function collaborates across the 

company to collect, organize and validate the data used in this report. 

We welcome your questions, comments and feedback at  

createchange@adobe.com. 

Yulia Vus  
Cover Artist, recipient of Adobe Creative 
Residency Community Fund grant 

Yulia Vus is an illustrator and comic artist 

from the mining town of Chervonograd in 

Ukraine and currently lives in Lviv. She is 

known for her illustrations inspired by the 

moments, situations and characters she 

finds all around her. She received a 

Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Ukrainian 

Academy of Printing and her range of 

work includes commercial illustration, 

book illustration, cover design, editorial 

illustration, poster design and animation. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
About this Report 

29 

CSR Report Disclaimer and Forward-Looking Statements 

The report does not cover all information about our business. 

our ability to gather and verify data regarding impacts, the 

References in this report to information should not be construed 

compliance of third parties with our policies and procedures, 

as a characterization regarding the materiality of such 

our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and 

information to our financial results or for purposes of the U.S. 

geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well 

securities laws. While certain matters discussed in this report 

as the factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of Adobe’s 

may be significant, any significance should not be read as 

most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q 

necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the 

and subsequent filings. 

purposes of complying with the U.S. federal securities laws and 

regulations. The information covered by the report contains 

We assume no obligation, and expressly disclaim any duty 

forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private 

(including in response to new or changed information) to 

Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements 

update any forward-looking statements or information, 

regarding our plans, initiatives, projections, goals, commitments, 

which speak as of their respective dates. Readers should not 

and strategies and related business and stakeholder impacts. 

place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements made 

These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 

in this report. Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, 

results may differ materially from any future results expressed 

metrics, and measurements used in preparing this report 

or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

continue to evolve and are based on assumptions believed 

to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not 

These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, 

be considered guarantees. Given the inherent uncertainty of 

assumptions not being realized, global sociodemographic 

the estimates, assumptions, and timelines contained in this 

and economic trends, changing government regulations, 

report, we may not be able to anticipate whether or the 

evolving sustainability strategies, scientific or technological 

degree to which we will be able to meet our plans, targets, 

developments, climate-related conditions and weather events, 

or goals in advance. 

2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
Governance

30

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

GRI General Disclosures 2-1

Name of organization

2022

Adobe Inc.

GRI General Disclosures 2-1

Location of organization's headquarters

San Jose, California

GRI General Disclosures 2-6

Primary brands, products, & services

Digital Media: We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content 
anywhere and accelerate their productivity by modernizing how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content.  
Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Express, Photoshop, Illustrator, 
Lightroom, Premiere Pro, Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign and many more products, offering a variety of tools for creative professionals, communicators and 
other consumers. This is the core of what we have delivered to users for decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our business model to 
provide our customers with a range of flexible solutions that allow them to reach their full creative potential anytime, anywhere, on any device and on 
projects of all types. 

Digital Experience: We provide an integrated platform and set of applications and services through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable brands and 
businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences that span from analytics to commerce. Our customers include 
marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite. The 
foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses and brands with an open and extensible system for customer experience 
management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights driven by AI to enable the delivery of 
personalized digital experiences across various channels in milliseconds. 

GRI General Disclosures 2-1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Restated Certification of Incorporation

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

GRI General Disclosures 2-6

Total revenue (dollars in millions)

% of total revenue

      Americas

      EMEA

      APAC

Net income (dollars in millions)

% effective tax rate

Significant acquisitions

2022

$17,606 

58%

26%

16%

$4,756 

21%

2021

$15,785 

57%

27%

16%

$4,822 

15%

2020

$12,868 

58%

26%

16%

$5,260 

-26%

Entered into a definitive agreement under 
which we intend to acquire Figma, Inc. 

Frame.io, Workfront

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
Governance

31

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Taxation

GRI 102-15

Evaluation of risks of taxation on future company value creation

GRI General Disclosures 2-27

Approach to Tax – Tax Policy

Tax Risk Assessment

Adobe Tax Policy

12

91%

No 

33%

11

91%

No

36%

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-23

Transparent and ethical business practices

# of executive and non-executive members of the board of directors

% independent board members

Separate CEO and chair roles

% female board members

GRI General Disclosures 2-11

Shareholder engagement procedures

Independent audit committee

Independent compensation committee

GRI General Disclosures 2-11

Independent nominating and governance committee

GRI General Disclosures 2-19

Board remuneration disclosure

GRI General Disclosures 2-19

External reporting of compensation of senior executives

GRI General Disclosures 2-20

CEO compensation linked to total shareholder return (TSR) or similar

GRI General Disclosures 2-20

Shareholders have right to vote on the remuneration of executives

% average overall attendance of board meetings

Audit, audit related and non-audited related fees paid

12

91%

No

33%

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

2023 Proxy Statement

GRI General Disclosures 2-20

Executive stock ownership guidelines promotes long-term performance perspective

2023 Proxy Statement

Clawback policy

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Statement on company's main risk factors

Adobe Materiality Assessment

2023 Proxy Statement

Form 10-K for FY2022

Adobe Materiality Assessment

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportGovernance

32

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Transparent and ethical business practices: anti-corruption and antitrust compliance

GRI General Disclosures 2-22

Antitrust policy

GRI General Disclosures 2-22

Measures taken to ensure antitrust compliance

GRI General Disclosures 2-26

Whistleblower programs

GRI General Disclosures 2-24

3rd party anti-corruption risk assessment procedures

GRI General Disclosures 2-24

Policy to address corruption in high risk areas

SASB TC-SI-520a.1

Amount of legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated  
with anti-competitive practices 

Adobe Code of Business Conduct

Adobe Integrity

Adobe Code of Business Conduct

Global Anti-Corruption Policy

Global Anti-Corruption Policy

In FY22, we had zero legal or 
regulatory fines and settlements 
associated with customer privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero legal or 
regulatory fines and settlements 
associated with customer privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero legal or 
regulatory fines and settlements 
associated with customer privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportGovernance

33

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Data security, privacy, and managing systemic risks from technology disruptions

GRI General Disclosure 2-23, 
SASB TC-SI-220a.1

Adobe Trust Center: operational health, security, privacy and compliance of  
Adobe's cloud services

GRI General Disclosure 2-23, 
SASB TC-SI-220a.1

Privacy policy

SASB TC-SI-220a.2

How Adobe handles customer information

Adobe Trust Center 

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

SASB TC-SI-220a.3

Amount of legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy

SASB TC-SI-220a.4

Law enforcement requests

SASB TC-SI-220a.5

Government-required monitoring

SASB TC-SI-230a.1

Number of data security breaches

SASB TC-SI-230a.2

Adobe data security

SASB TC-SI-550a.1

Status of Adobe products and performance

SASB TC-SI-550a.2

Business continuity risks related to disruption of operations

Public policy transparency

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Political involvement policy

Total financial contributions to political parties, politicians, and PACs

GRI 415-1

GRI 102-13

Lobbying and political expenses

Association members

Policy advocacy highlights

In FY22, we had zero monetary 
losses as a result of legal proceed-
ings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero monetary 
losses as a result of legal proceed-
ings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero monetary 
losses as a result of legal proceed-
ings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our 
public SEC filings.

Law Enforcement Requests

Government Requests  
Transparency Report

In FY22, we had zero data security 
breaches that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero data security 
breaches that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero data security 
breaches that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.

Adobeʼs Approach to Managing 
Data Security Risk

Status.adobe.com

Please see Item 1A (Risk Factors) in 
Adobe's Annual report: Form 10-K 
for risks related to the operations 
of our business. 

Adobe Public Policy and  
Government Relations Policy

$0 

$2.04M

Association memberships

Priority public policy areas

$0 

$2.13M

$0 

$1.27M

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportGovernance

34

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

Responsible supply chain

% relevant suppliers required to comply with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)

100%

2021

100%

2020

100%

RBA validation audits of turn-key suppliers

None required

None Required

None Required

GRI General Disclosures 2-25

% significant suppliers that have undergone human rights screenings

GRI General Disclosures 2-25

# incidents related to freedom of association

GRI General Disclosures 2-25

# Incidents related to child labor

GRI General Disclosures 2-25

# Incidents related to forced labor

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Supply chain implementation standards

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Scope of social supplier standards

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Supply chain monitoring practices

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Global human rights policy

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Tool to report human rights violations

GRI General Disclosures 2-23

Human rights criteria in selection of suppliers

GRI 412-3

Supplier diversity program 

100%

0

0

0

100%

0

0

0

Business Partner Code of Conduct 

Business Partner Code of Conduct

Modern slavery statements

Global Human Rights Policy

Adobe Ethics and Integrity

Business Partner Code of Conduct 

Supplier Diversity Program

100%

0

0

0

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportSocial

35

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Employees

GRI 102-7

Global employees (assigned + unassigned + remote)

SASB TC-SI-330a.1

% employees in U.S.

SASB TC-SI-330a.1

% employees outside U.S.

GRI 205-1

GRI 405-1

GRI 405-2

Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1

Anti-Discrimination Policy

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female employees

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male employees

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% U.S. employee base, URM2

Race and Ethnicity - U.S. Only

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% White

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Asian

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Hispanic/Latinx

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Black/African American

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Native American/Alaska Native

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% two or more races

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% undisclosed

29,239

51%

49%

Adobe Code of Business Conduct 

2023 Proxy Statement

1:1

34.6%

64.7%

11.7%

52.5%

30.7%

5.6%

3.1%

0.2%

0.2%

2.6%

5.1%

25,832 

52%

48%

1:1

33.8%

65.5%

10.9%

55.4%

29.2%

5.2%

2.8%

0.3%

0.3%

2.5%

4.5%

22,516

52%

48%

1:1

33.4%

66.3%

10.4%

58.1%

31.2%

5.3%

2.5%

<1%

0.2%

2.5%

2.9%

1  FY2020–2021 historical metrics have been updated to reflect our ongoing methodology. We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by <1%. Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their 

gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding. In FY2022, <1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.      

2  URM are those employees in the U.S. who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander, and/or two or more races.

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportSocial

36

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1

Race and Ethnicity by Gender – U.S. Only

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% White, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Asian, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Hispanic/Latinx, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Black/African American, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Native American/Alaska Native, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% two or more races, female

Gender by Race and Ethnicity – U.S. Only

Female

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, White

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, Asian

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, Hispanic/Latinx

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, Black/African American

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, Native American/Alaska Native

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, two or more races

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female, undisclosed

35.3%

42.8%

46.5%

40.8%

46.4%

40.0%

45.2%

48.1%

34.1%

6.8%

3.3%

0.2%

0.2%

3.0%

4.3%

34.1%

41.9%

45.7%

36.2%

43.5%

38.5%

44.5%

50.7%

32.8%

6.3%

2.7%

<1%

<1%

2.9%

<5%

33.8%

41.7%

48.1%

38.4%

55.0%

39.4%

41.7%

52.6%

34.7%

6.8%

2.5%

<1%

<1%

2.8%

1  FY2020–2021 historical metrics have been updated to reflect our ongoing methodology. We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by <1%. Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified  

their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding. In FY2022, <1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.      

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportREFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1

Social

37

55.8%

28.8%

4.9%

3.0%

0.2%

0.2%

2.3%

4.9%

27.7%

72.1%

32.7%

67.1%

35.1%

64.2%

26.9%

72.4%

58.6%

27.2%

4.5%

2.8%

<1%

<1%

2.2%

<5%

25.4%

74.5%

30.7%

69.1%

34.5%

64.8%

26.2%

73.3%

61.4%

29.0%

4.4%

2.4%

<1%

<1%

2.3%

24.1%

75.5%

28.9%

71.1%

34.4%

65.3%

25.8%

73.9%

Male

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, White

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Asian

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Hispanic/Latinx

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Black/African American

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Native American/Alaska Native

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, two or more races

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, undisclosed

Gender by Job Category

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female leadership

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male leadership

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female people managers

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male people managers

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female individual contributor

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male individual contributor

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% females in tech roles3

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% males in tech roles

55.8%

28.8%

4.9%

3.0%

0.2%

0.2%

2.3%

4.9%

27.7%

72.1%

32.7%

67.1%

35.1%

64.2%

26.9%

72.4%

58.6%

27.2%

4.5%

2.8%

<1%

<1%

2.2%

<5%

25.4%

74.5%

30.7%

69.1%

34.5%

64.8%

26.2%

73.3%

61.4%

29.0%

4.4%

2.4%

<1%

<1%

2.3%

24.1%

75.5%

28.9%

71.1%

34.4%

65.3%

25.8%

73.9%

2  Starting in FY2022, the definition for “Leadership” was updated to include employees who are director-level and above. Prior to that, “Leadership” was defined as employees who are director-level and above with at least one full-time employee direct report.  

have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding. In FY2022, <1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.   

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 – FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by <3% due to the larger data set.    

2  Starting in FY2022, the definition for “Leadership” was updated to include employees who are director-level and above. Prior to that, “Leadership” was defined as employees who are director-level and above with at least one full-time employee direct report.  

3  Technical occupations in computing and information technology are those that require deep technical specialization and knowledge, as well as managers, directors, and executives who oversee technical employees and the development and delivery of  

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 – FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by <3% due to the larger data set.    

1  FY2020–2021 historical metrics have been updated to reflect our ongoing methodology. We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by <1%. Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who  

technical products. Source: AnitaB.org.

3  Technical occupations in computing and information technology are those that require deep technical specialization and knowledge, as well as managers, directors, and executives who oversee technical employees and the development and delivery of  

technical products. Source: AnitaB.org.

Male

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, White

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Asian

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Hispanic/Latinx

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Black/African American

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Native American/Alaska Native

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, two or more races

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male, undisclosed

Gender by Job Category

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female leadership2

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male leadership

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female people managers

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male people managers

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% female individual contributor

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% male individual contributor

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% females in tech roles3

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% males in tech roles

1  FY2020–2021 historical metrics have been updated to reflect our ongoing methodology. We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by <1%. Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who  

have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding. In FY2022, <1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.      

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportSocial

38

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1

URM by Job Category - U.S. Only

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% URM individual contributor

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% URM people managers

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% URM leadership

GRI 102-8, SASB TC-SI-330a.3

% URM tech roles

Human capital management

SASB TC-SI-330a.2

Satisfaction level of employees2

Net employment creation as a % of total employees

% open positions filled by internal candidates

Benefits programs

Education reimbursement program

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

GRI 401-2

GRI 401-2

GRI 201-3

GRI 404-3

GRI 403-2

GRI 403-2

GRI 403-3

GRI 403-6

12.5%

8.8%

7.6%

9.7%

84%

12.1%

25%

11.6%

8.2%

6.5%

9.2%

87%

15.3%

29%

Health & Wellbeing, Financial, Time Off, Work & Life Benefits

Adobe Benefits

Adobe Benefits

11.2%

7.5%

6.5%

8.6%

91%

-0.3%

30%

0

0

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews

Adobe Check-in

# of employee fatalities resulting from operational accidents per 100,000

# of contractor fatalities resulting from operational accidents per 100,000

0

0

0

0

Occupational health services

Promotion of worker health

Ergonomics Program: Employees can email ergonomics@adobe.com or submit an ergonomic request  
through our internal network.

Adobe Benefits

1  FY2020–2021 historical metrics have been updated to reflect our ongoing methodology. We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by <1%. Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their 

gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding. In FY2022, <1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.      

2  The satisfaction metric is based on ratings from an employee survey for the statement “I would recommend Adobe as a great place to work.”

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportSocial

39

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Human capital management

GRI 403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety

GRI 403-9; 403-10

# Injuries and illnesses per 200,000 hours worked

# of incidents of non-compliance (health & safety of products,  
incidents resulting in a fine or penalty, incidents resulting in a warning)

GRI 416

GRI 102-17

For health and safety concerns employees can email safety@adobe.com or contact the Global Security  
Operations Center 24/7 at +1 (408) 536-4444 (ext. 6-4444); +1 (800) 866-8006; +1 (408) 536-4443  
(international/collect) or email security@adobe.com.

.3

0

0.03

0

0

0

Adobe Help Line (confidential means of reporting internal & external concerns,  
escalation, whistleblowing mechanisms, and hotline)

Adobe Help Line: Employees can call 6-HELP and email ERC@adobe.com, and internal and external stake-
holders can email the Compliance Office at integrity@adobe.com or call +1 (800) 300-1026. 

Enabling inclusive opportunity

GRI 203-2

Digital inclusion initiatives

Scholarships, grants and career development opportunities

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Opportunity and pay parity

Digital literacy

Access for disabled persons

Accessibility standard used by Adobe

Readability

Inclusive design

Adobe education initiatives

Diverse Voices

Adobe Creativity Scholarships

Adobe Digital Academy 

Adobe Diversity and Inclusion

Employee parity

Adobe Digital Literacy

Adobe Accessibility

WCAG 2.1 AA

Adobe Readability 

Inclusive Design 

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportSocial

40

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

GRI 413-1

GRI 201-1

Community engagement1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments,  
and development programs

Total community investment (cash & in-kind)

Company match of employee financial contributions and volunteer hours

Product donation (FMV)

Value of talent contributions through pro bono projects

Employee participation percentage

Number of hours volunteered

Organizations served

1  All data for community engagement represents efforts over the calendar year.

Adobe Nonprofit Resource Guide

$113.8M

$16,687,961 

$63.5M

$413,550 

70%

150,239

89,110

$95.5M

$15,525,005 

$46.6M

$1,414,350 

69%

127,865

67,715

$86.9M

$15,682,913

$54.6M

$1,968,000

70%

116,391

71,409

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportEnvironmental

41

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

Climate change & GHG emissions

CDP Score

GRI 305-1

Scope 1 GHG emissions [tonnes CO2e]

Scope 1 GHG emissions from combustion of natural gas and diesel [tonnes CO2e]

GRI 305-6

Scope 1 GHG emissions from ozone-depleting substances [tonnes CO2e]

Scope 1 GHG emissions from mobile sources [tonnes CO2e]

2022

A

6,568

4,815

427

1,326

2021

A- 

4,911

3,469

299

1,143

2020

A

9,598

7,534

1,191

873

GRI 102-56

GRI 305-2

GRI 102-56

GRI 305-3

GRI 102-56

GRI 305-5

GRI 305-4

GRI 305-7

Verification status of reported Scope 1 emissions

Third party verified

Third party verified

Third party verified 

Scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based [tonnes CO2e]

Scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based [tonnes CO2e]

57,168

22,936

61,220

31,341

50,653

33,535

      Verification status of reported Scope 2 emissions

Third party verified

Third party verified

Third party verified

Scope 3 GHG emissions [tonnes CO2e]

Category 1 GHG emissions, purchased goods & services [tonnes CO2e]

Category 2 GHG emissions, capital goods [tonnes CO2e]

Category 3 GHG emissions, FERA [tonnes CO2e]

Category 4 GHG emissions, upstream transportation & distribution [tonnes CO2e]

Category 6 GHG emissions, business travel [tonnes CO2e]

Category 7 GHG emissions, employee commuting [tonnes CO2e]

463,438

405,645

26,084

6,227

66

19,704

5,711

424,343

396,221

18,340

7,323

6

1,187

1,267

393,465

325,392

28,812

12,692

682

11,978

13,908

Verification status of reported Scope 3 emissions

Third party verified

Third party verified

Third party verified

Emissions reductions from energy efficiency projects [tonnes CO2e]

Normalized carbon intensity [tonnes CO2e (Scope 1+2 market-based)/FTE]

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions

95

1.0

0

416

1.4

0

195

1.9

0

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportEnvironmental

42

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Renewables and energy efficiency

GRI 302-1

Total energy consumption [MWh]

SASB TC-SI-130a.1

Total energy consumption [GJ]1

SASB TC-SI-130a.1

% of total energy consumption that is grid electricity

SASB TC-SI-130a.1

% of total energy consumption that is renewable energy

% of total energy consumption that is renewable electricity

Global grid electricity purchased and consumed [MWh]

% electricity purchased and consumed from managed colocated data centers

Global fuel purchased and consumed (natural gas and diesel/gas oil) [MWh}

GRI 302-3

G4-EN6

Energy intensity [MWh/FTE]

Renewable energy goal established

Sustainable workplaces & practices

206,486

743,349

88%

54%

62%

180,820

25%

31,598

7.1

240,344

865,238

92%

55%

59%

221,568

44%

23,405

9.3

208,187

749,473

78%

38%

48%

162,417

28%

45,770

9.2

100% renewable electricity by 2025

100% renewable electricity by 2035

100% renewable electricity by 2035

Total space worldwide (Sq. Ft.)

4,614,038

4,648,814

4,622,486

% LEED/green-certified buildings [owned and leased]

% employees in LEED/green-certified workspaces

% of total owned and managed

% of total leased

% of total in U.S.

% of total in India

% of total in rest of world

GRI 302-3

Energy use intensity of Adobe workspaces (kWh/Square Foot)

Adobe workspace total energy use (does not include managed Colo energy) [MWh]

85%

61%

56%

44%

62%

22%

17%

95,720

20.7

81%

66%

53%

47%

63%

21%

16%

78,661

16.9

77%

68%

54%

46%

63%

21%

16%

100,995

21.9

1  Our largest colocated data center provider changed their reporting methodology for electricity consumption in FY2022. The provider transitioned from an estimate-based approach to metered consumption.

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportEnvironmental

43

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

Data Centers

Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions from Adobe owned data center in Hillsboro,  
OR [metric tonnes CO2e]

Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions from Adobe owned data center in Hillsboro,  
OR [metric tonnes CO2e]

18,651

10,920

Electricity purchased and consumed from Adobe owned data center in Hillsboro, OR [MWh]

64,395

Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions from colocated data centers [metric tonnes CO2e]

Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions from managed colocated data centers [ 
metric tonnes CO2e]

Electricity purchased and consumed from colocated data centers [MWh]

12,718

5,903

45,766

17,601

16,838

64,266

23,415

5,642

97,495

17,015

17,059

58,305

13,763

3,903

45,100

SASB TC-SI-130a.3

Description of integration of environmental considerations to strategic planning for data  
center needs

Data Center Management

Sustainable supply chain

Supply chain standards

Water use & management

Business Partner Code of Conduct

GRI 303-1, SASB TC-SI-130a.2

Total water consumption - U.S. & India owned and/or managed facilities [Cubic Meters]

SASB TC-SI-130a.2

% of water recycled

SASB TC-SI-130a.2

% of water in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress

282,744

6%

210,464

3%

260,154

4%

33%;  
High Risk is 27%,  
Extremely High Risk is 6%

15%;  
High Risk is 13%,  
Extremely High Risk is 2%

17%;  
High Risk is 13%,  
Extremely High Risk is 4%

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportEnvironmental

44

REFERENCE INDICES 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR

2022

2021

2020

GRI-306-1

GRI 306-2

GRI 306-2

GRI 306-3

Waste management

Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

Waste diverted from global owned and/or managed facilities [short tons]

Waste Diversion Rate (% of total)

Total waste generated (metric tons)

Total waste diverted (metric tons)

Total waste recycled (metric tons)

Total waste composted (metric tons)

Total waste landfilled (metric tons)

Environmental fines, penalties and settlements

GRI 307-1

Environmental fines, penalties and settlements

As Adobe produces digital products that do not contribute to the physical waste stream, waste metrics 
reported here represent our operational waste from Adobe-owned buildings and buildings where we  
hold a long-term lease. 

1,761

88%

1,992

1,761

864

896

231

$0 

1,082

91%

1,189

1,082

566

517

106

$0 

1,711

89%

803

711

258

453

92

$0 

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility ReportCreate change. 

Our mission — to Change the World Through Digital Experiences — 
is relevant both in the midst of crisis and in the best of times.  
We remain committed to using the power of creativity to change the 
world — by championing our employees, empowering every voice, 
lifting our communities, and building a sustainable future. 

adobe.com /createchange

Designed by Studio Rainwater

Adobe was founded on simple yet enduring principles that remain with us to this day: Innovation is at our core, employees are our greatest asset, and our customers, communities and stakeholders are central to our success.

As digital continues to rapidly reshape how we work, learn and play, Adobe’s products are fueling the digital economy and empowering everyone, everywhere to imagine, create and deliver any digital experience.

Purpose has been core to the company’s DNA from its earliest days.

Tere are three key areas in which we are uniquely positioned and motivated to make a diference: Adobe for All, Creativity for All and Technology to Transform.

Adobe for All Adobe’s purpose starts with our commitment to create a work place and community that refects the diversity of the world around us, where everyone feels included and respected and has the opportunity to make an impact.

Greater representation leads to a virtuous cycle of more role models, advancement, growth and meaningful innovations for our customers and communities.

We are proud of our progress in increasing women in Director roles globally by 50% and our Black community in the U.S. by 63% over the past two years.

We are sponsoring the success of underrepresented minorities in technology careers at Adobe through initiatives such as the McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy in the U.S., Women in Tech Forum career coaching program in EMEA and Women Emerging Leaders Program in APAC.

Externally, we are investing in building a talent pipeline through strategic collaborations with historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions, such as Bowie State University, San Jos State University and Winston Salem State University.

Our innovative SheSparks internship program across our India sites enables women to successfully transition back to full time work afer a career break, securing program management and technical roles at Adobe.

Creativity for All As the creativity company, we are uniquely commited to advanc ing Creativity for All: empowering millions of creators of all ages and backgrounds to access the tools, skills and platforms they need to express themselves, reach their full potential and share their diverse perspectives.

From supporting emerging flmmakers through the Sundance Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of creators we’ve aided fnancially through our Creative Residency Community Fund, to our Diverse Voices platform that elevates creators from a spectrum of disciplines, we are helping people around the world tell their stories on a larger scale.

Technology to Transform As one of the world’s most innovative sofware companies touching the lives of billions of people, we are commited to advancing the responsible use of technology to build trust with our customers and communities.

Our innovations are making a signifcant impact across AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and transparency, accessibility and sustainability.

We are building on our decades of AI leadership and extending our people centered approach to generative AI to continue to enhance rather than replace human endeavor.

All new AI features and innovations are developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency.

Te Content Authenticity Initiative, which we lead, now counts over 1,000 partners across sofware, hardware, media, NGOs and education, all commited to combating misinformation and providing atri bution for creators.

Last year, we launched Adobe Express for Nonprofts to help the over 10 million nonprofts around the world engage donors and drive greater impact.

Adobe is commited to sustainability and climate action through our products and operations.

Our cloud based products are signifcantly reducing paper based waste by accelerating the paper to digital transformation and enabling digital collaboration that reduces physical waste and emissions.

Estimates show that paper to digital workfows powered by Document Cloud elimi nate over 2.5 billion pounds of greenhouse gas per year in the U.S. alone.

Our Substance 3D tools allow campaigns to be de signed and shot virtually, eliminating the environmental cost of materials, manufacturing and travel.

We continue our focus on renewable energy across our sites, including opening our Found ers Tower in San Jose in January 2023 which is the frst all electric building of its scale powered by 100% renewable energy in Silicon Valley.

Our employees around the world bring our mission to life, working together to create change in the communities where we live and work.

Tey are at the center of our philanthropic approach, ofering their time, donations and talents to make the largest collective impact.

In calendar year 2022, we invested over 113M in cash and in kind in our communities, with employees completing over 150,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting over 89,000 organizations worldwide.

Over the past four decades, Adobe has embraced invention and reinvention to beter serve our customers and communities and deliver the best of Adobe to our stakeholders.

Tis sense of purpose has guided our evolution and continues to inspire our employees to invent the future and change the world for the beter.

Our groundbreaking technology, strong brand and excep tional culture position us well to continue to drive growth and meaningful impact for decades to come.

Underrepresented minorities (URM) are U.S. employees who identify as Black African American, Hispanic Latinx, Native American, Pacifc Islander, and or two or more races.

Together with the Adobe Foundation, the Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund, Adobe’s employee matching grants program and our customer matching program, we have given nearly 2.5 million to aid humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine and support journalists on the ground.

Our belief is that employees are not only our greatest asset as a company but also a powerful force for creating change in our communities.

Through the Pro Bono Initiative, board service and mentoring programs, Adobe offers employees the opportunity to use their skills for good and support causes that are important to them.

In honor of Adobe’s 40th anniversary, our employees showed how much they care for communities around the world.

We have the power to create positive change in the places where we live and work, and our executive leadership and board of directors are engaged in every step of this journey.

Our governance structure ensures our corporate social responsibility (CSR) eforts are coordinated across our business.

CSR matters, such as diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and climate action.

Our Sustainability Committee, a global, cross functional group of individuals overseen by an executive council, reviews and guides strategies and proposes action plans and performance objectives related to our sustainability efforts.

Accountability We hold ourselves accountable for progress against our commitments and goals.

In 2022 we conducted a third party audit to strengthen our DEI communications and reporting processes.

Impact Assessment to document salient human rights risks and mitigation activities, and facilitate stakeholder dialogue.

Each assessment showed that, across Adobe, increased focus on DEI and human rights efforts is viewed as a critical way we can create lasting change inside and outside our company.

Materiality We use a comprehensive materiality assessment process to ensure that our strategies, programs and reporting all focus on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders and deliver the greatest social and environmental impact to our communities.

Adobe’s commitment to people, purpose and community underpins everything we do from our product innovations and sustainable operations to the causes we champion paving the way for the company’s next decade of growth and impact.

Collaboration is the embodiment of our purpose and impact as a company.

Our approach to building long term, lasting collaboration around shared values and sustaining it over time for maximum impact is what sets us apart.

In every collaboration, we commit the full weight of our people, our products and our philanthropy.

We take a proactive, differentiated and transparent approach.

We utilized our engagement with organizations such as the National Minority Supplier Development Council, National LGBT Chamber of Commerce and National Veteran Business Development Council to increase our FY2022 spend with diverse suppliers by 9.9%.

Through the Sundance Ignite and Women to Watch x Adobe Fellowships, we support new voices and talents from the next generation of filmmakers by providing professional development spanning access to tools, mentorships and resources to empower bold new storytelling in film and media.

So far, 125 filmmakers have gone through the programs and 17 have premiered films at the Sundance Film Festival.

We worked with the Business Software Alliance, the world’s leading advocate for innovation in the software industry, to ensure that responsible AI ethics regulations are passed throughout the world.

Adobe participated in LEAD on Climate 2022, a group that brought together companies and investors to call on the U.S. Congress to address the climate crisis and accelerate the transition to domestic clean energy.

The donated Adobe product has been utilized on a near daily basis by 70 users across our entire organization in the past year.

Adobe was able to make some helpful suggestions as to how to address some of the weaknesses with the current tools we use on the Communications team.

These Adobe product donations are utilized in the early stages of and throughout nearly every visual investigation conducted by HRW’s Digital Investigations Lab team.

We believe that when people feel respected and included, they are more creative, innovative and successful.

In 2022, we made progress across diversity, equity and inclusion by building a more diverse workforce, fostering an inclusive workplace and mobilizing our ecosystem of partners to make an impact outside the company.

We also furthered our global network of partners and collaborators to foster racial and social justice around the world.

Foundation grants Employee giving and volunteering Access to Adobe product Pro bono support.

Through EAI, Adobe collaborates with 11 best in class racial and social justice organizations that share our commitment to advance equity and inclusion within our business and out in our communities.

Their focus areas are aligned with the priorities of our DEI teams and Employee Networks, which participated in the selection of EAI organizations.

The Initiative centers on both impact and two way engagement in which we share our learnings across the EAI cohort and Adobe.

Adobe hosts a cohort community that meets regularly, composed of leaders from each of the 11 EAI organizations, enabling nonprofit leaders working across issues and geographies to advise Adobe and one another on what is working and what can be improved.

Adobe for All’s commitment and being responsive all these social justice nonprofits together in a to the true needs of those organizations.

Adobe provides multiyear general operating support drive synergies across our shared mission of social and limits funder imposed requirements strategies justice we talk to other brands and partners about the organizations point to as unique for a corporate it, because it’s trailblazing.

An important dimension of measuring our progress on DEI is tracking the makeup of our employee base over time.

In FY2022, we grew our population of women employees globally and underrepresented minority (URM) employees in the U.S., and we are pleased with our progress over the past five years with the representation and the number of employees self identifying as women and U.S. URM employees.

In September 2020, we established aspirational goals for representation overall and at leadership levels to help realize our vision of a truly diverse and inclusive workplace.

Increase representation of women in leadership positions, defined as employees who are director level and above, to 30% globally by 2025.

Double representation of U.S. URM employees in leadership positions by 2025.

Double Black representation as a percentage of U.S. employees by 2025.

Adobe’s vision and strategy for creating a diverse workforce is outlined at adobe.com diversity.

A comprehensive set of key DEI performance indicators is available in the Social data table.

At Adobe, we appreciate the unique qualities that each person brings to work.

In FY2022, we continued our support of historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic serving Institutions (HSIs).

In so doing, we exposed more than 22,000 students to skills for jobs in tech and creative industries.

HBCU 20x20, Mentor Me Collective, worked with faculty and staff at each of the institutions to provide students with backgrounds.

Disability: Disability:IN, Project Hired training and learning programs, access to creative and digital tools, and mentoring and career development opportunities. initiated a certified diversity recruiter program.

The launch of the Student Athlete Micro Internship program to provide in STEM, American Indian Science and.

A cyber security internship program with Bowie State University.

The Adobe Ignite HBCU Scholarship with the Thurgood Marshall College.

We continued our successful university technology scholarship programs designed to create gender equality in science, technology and engineering domains by encouraging women to showcase their excellence in computing and technology and become future leaders and role models in the field.

This included the Adobe Research Women in Technology Scholarship for women who are studying at North American universities, and the Adobe India Women in Tech Scholarship for women enrolled in an Indian university or institute.

Going beyond universities, we want to give individuals from nontraditional backgrounds in the U.S. new opportunities to enter technology and design careers.

At our India sites, our innovative SheSparks internship program enabled women to successfully transition back to full time work after a career break.

Academy, in partnership with General Assembly, ofers an alternative and accelerated path to switching careers, and we are commited to placing 99% of the graduates into full time jobs in the years ahead, whether at Adobe or another company.

Te program provides candidates with scholarships and living stipends to help them gain the education for careers in user experience design, data science or web development.

Adobe offers growth and development programs globally for underrepresented groups to strengthen career development and pursue leadership roles.

Adobe is also investing in development programs for underrepresented groups.

McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy for Black, Asian Pacific Islander and Hispanic Latinx employees.

We work hard every day to achieve the ideal of Adobe for All through a workplace that inspires a sense of belonging, family friendly benefits, support for regional and global employee communities, parity initiatives, and more.

Adobe’s eight employee networks were instrumental in building community, strengthening inclusion and driving progress for underrepresented groups.

History Month, Lunar New Year, Pride Month, Women’s History Month and many more.

Employee networks created opportunities to learn and grow, helped with recruiting efforts, sponsored a peer mentoring program, and provided support for nonprofit organizations.

Learn more about Adobe’s employee networks and their commitment to strengthen our culture.

We support our employees in their lives help build empathy, strengthen inclusion and outside work through benefits to their expand perspectives.

Our annual Adobe for health, education, and family lives.

LBGTQ community, provided expanded moment for employees to celebrate women’s health benefits, and continued to progress, be inspired by employee and guest introduce enhanced parental leave benefits speakers’ stories, and commit to making around the world.

Demonstrating Fairness Trough Parity Initiatives We invest in analysis and transparency to demonstrate our become active and effective allies in supporting underserved commitment to fair compensation.

We define pay parity as and underrepresented groups.

In FY2022, we maintained global gender pay parity for the fifth year in a row.

In FY2022, we maintained pay parity between URM and non URM employees in the U.S. for the third year in a row.

Adobe continues to support the California Equal Pay Pledge.

Our French business achieved a 90 100 score in the 2022 France Gender Equality Index.

Unadjusted median pay gap, a metric frequently used by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and other governmental organizations, compares the median pay of one population to the median pay of another population, where median pay is the midpoint of a stack ranking of salaries from low to high.

Our unadjusted median pay for URM employees was 86.1% of the median pay for non URM employees in the U.S.

We actively align our DEI commitments to our products, partnerships and suppliers to amplify our reach and impact.

In FY2022, we collaborated with organizations dedicated to driving progress.

Inclusion, Parity.org and The Institute for Corporate Productivity.

Our increased spend with diverse suppliers builds of color for every open role at the vice president and above level on our ongoing partnerships with: through the ParityPledge.

National Minority Supplier Development Council environment, we participated in the Bloomberg Gender Equality.

We believe that everyone is creative and has the right to share their story, which creates a richer world for all of us.

From supporting diverse creators through our Sundance x Adobe Fellowship, to the hundreds of creators we’ve aided fnancially through our Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund, we are enabling people around the world to tell their stories on a larger scale.

Creative expression has become a 21st century skill.

We’re working to ensure all students have access to creative curricula and opportunities.

Digital literacy is an imperative, and we’re committed to equipping students and teachers with what they need to succeed.

K 12 students globally, and we are switchers to focus on careers engaging with college students across in technology and creative the U.S. at more than 50 designated industries.

As part of Annenberg’s curriculum, students can enroll in a free 10 week certification course, taught by Adobe experts, which takes them through Adobe’s software products.

Students attain proficiency in a suite of Adobe products, which opens them to a variety of career opportunities focused on design and creativity skills.

Creativity is the great enabler and has the power to create change in the world, by uniting us, helping us cope, and inspiring us.

It’s also how Adobe uniquely drives impact by empowering the world’s creators.

Adobe founded the Creative Residency Community Fund to support the creative community during the height of the COVID 19 crisis.

In response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, Adobe transitioned the Fund’s activities to support creators in the region.

Culture Change that will ensure that representations of mental health are authentic, accurate and safe.

Adobe is committed to addressing the growing global mental health crisis by investing in the systems, policies and organizations supporting young people.

Global Mental Health to better understand the relationship between creativity and positive mental outcomes, and to increase accessibility to mental health resources among youth creators around the world.

Adobe is investing in diverse creators and promoting systems and policies that give everyone the opportunity to create, make their voices heard and share their stories.

Adobe's Diverse Voices program was built to provide underrepresented creators with tangible and scalable opportunities to grow their careers by ofering Adobe platforms to amplify their work and stories as well as mentorship with industry leaders inside and outside Adobe.

Te Diverse Voices platform on Adobe.com showcases stories of diverse creators from a spectrum of disciplines.

During our annual creativity conference in October 2022, we brought Diverse Voices to life reaching approximately 100,000 people through virtual presentations, panel discussions, and keynote speeches.

Providing more channels to get their work seen and providing essential work experience and exposure to advance their own platforms has resulted in over 20 million impressions for diverse creators around the world.

Apple , Meta, USC Annenberg and others aims to provide underrepresented creators with the mentorship and access they need to advance their careers.

In 2022, the partnerships resulted in 75 new intensive mentorships and over 10 million impressions for their work.

We are committed to advancing the responsible use of technology for the good of society.

Our innovations are making a significant impact across AI Ethics, security, privacy, trust and transparency, accessibility, and sustainability.

With the accelerating shift to digital channels, consumer expectations, privacy laws and platform requirements are evolving at an unprecedented pace.

Creating a safe digital environment for our community partners, customers and employees requires ongoing collaboration across the software industry, with policymakers, with our customers and with our partners.

Our people centered approach to AI seeks to enhance rather than replace human endeavor.

We believe AI has the power to amplify human intelligence, creativity and ingenuity to create exceptional digital experiences, and we are committed to advancing AI in a responsible, inclusive and ethical way.

All new AI features and innovations released in 2022 were developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI Ethics principles since the launch of the Content Authenticity Initiative of accountability, responsibility and transparency.

Creating a safe digital environment for our community partners, customers and employees requires ongoing collaboration across the software industry, with policy makers, with our customers and with our partners.

Continuing oversight from our AI Ethics Committee and Review Board, which includes employees with diverse professional backgrounds and life experiences.

Supporting ongoing collaboration with industry leaders to create and build guiding frameworks, Trust in AI and AI Risk Management.

Continuing engagements with organizations such as the Business.

Software Alliance to ensure that responsible AI regulations are passed throughout the world, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology to better manage AI risks to individuals, organizations and society describes the origins of a piece of digital content.

The CAI is a further demonstration to our customers open source technical standards for content provenance, that they can be confident that Adobe builds solutions developed in partnership with the Coalition for Content in a way that is ethical, responsible and inclusive.

The technology empowers creators everywhere to open source tools, enabling a broad developer add a layer of provable authenticity to their content.

Commission’s 2022 Code of Practice on Disinformation, the first international code to include commitments on provenance and the C2PA standard.

Adobe has been a longtime champion of accessibility and digital inclusion.

Accessibility at Scale award for our wide reaching and mature accessibility efforts.

Promoting our internal Digital Accessibility Guide to help developers build accessibility into products.

Supporting our Blue Belt accessibility training program to educate our engineers and product testers.

In 2022, we conducted research to explore how people with disabilities are raising awareness, increasing representation, and inspiring others through creative tools and social media.

We found that people with disabilities are navigating the digital world in a way that drives creativity, spurs innovation and fosters collaboration on a global scale.

Through Adobe’s Readability Initiative, we’re working with educators, reading experts, nonprofits and technologists to personalize the experience of reading on digital devices.

Together we’re working to conduct research, run pilot programs, and share our learnings to help people of all ages and abilities read better through machine learning and digital tools like Adobe Acrobat.

These tools give readers the ability to customize their PDF reading experience, which can improve speed, comfort and reading comprehension.

In October 2022, we launched Adobe Express for Nonprofits, which provides the premium version of Adobe Express free to nonprofits to help changemakers around the world quickly and easily make standout content.

This innovative platform helps organizations easily create stunning social graphics, short videos and web pages to accelerate their mission and drive greater impact.

R.O.C.K.'s Student Adult Leadership Training program participate in a beach cleanup to give back to their community.

Valley where many children are faced with considerable social and economic challenges on a daily basis.

I'm an early adopter of Adobe Express and I love it.

I use it to create campaigns from start to finish.

I go in there and I create social assets and with the click of a button, I can resize them for any platform.

Hayley Walker, Marketing and Development Manager, R.O.C.K.

We are enabling sustainability at scale across industries through our commitment to reducing our impact on the planet, developing digital products that enable our customers and communities to reduce physical waste and cut emissions, and working with our peers, partners, and employees to foster a culture of sustainability.

As Adobe continues to advance our corporate sustainability goals, we recognize that we can and must do more to further reduce our environmental impact.

Continuing our engagements globally with policymakers and external advocacy groups in support of policy initiatives that foster a more sustainable society and help slow climate change.

Adobe unveiled the Adobe Substance 3D Sustainability Calculator, which delivers data and benchmarks for sustainability initiatives tied to 3D design.

Adobe’s 3D and immersive media innovations enable companies like Nike to advance its sustainability goals by transforming physical product manufacturing to highly efficient digital workflows.

Investments in Adobe’s 3D design tools are helping HUGO BOSS support the company’s efforts around sustainable fashion.

For suppliers and vendors, teams can review designs digitally, bypassing the need to create and ship samples back and forth.

Adobe’s commitment to sustainability and climate action is evident throughout our product offerings, operations, and partnerships and advocacy efforts.

We have achieved significant progress in recent years.

Adobe’s sustainability values are grounded in innovation.

As we work to change the world through digital experiences, we also help companies and creators work more efficiently and sustainably.

Adobe Document Cloud As a pioneer in the paper to digital transformation, Document Cloud continues to have a real and measurable impact on the environment globally.

Document Cloud enables paperless productivity for millions of businesses and individuals worldwide.

Adobe PDF PDF is the de facto global standard for digital document workflows.

The introduction of PDF in 1993 provided a universal way to communicate, enabling a mass migration from paper to digital documents.

Last year alone more than 400 billion PDFs were opened in Adobe products.

The majority of the Fortune 500, hundreds of government organizations, thousands of small businesses and millions of individuals use Document Cloud’s digital document and e signature solutions instead of paper based processes every day.

Documents created, signed, shared and stored in Document Cloud drive a 95% reduction in environmental impact compared with paper based processes.

Each year in the U.S. alone, Adobe Document Cloud transforms what would have been 30 billion paper documents into digital workflows, saving the equivalent of 3.2 billion gallons of water, 1.1 billion pounds of wood, 177 million pounds of waste, 2.7.

PDFs opened using Adobe products in 2022 billion pounds of greenhouse gas and 1.1 billion kWh of energy.

The 8 billion electronic and digital signature transactions processed through Adobe Document Cloud in the past year saved 840 million liters of water and 248,000 trees, and is equivalent to taking over.

This useful tool enables customers to understand how Adobe Document Cloud can help make their business more sustainable by saving time, resources, emissions and costs.

According to our Calculator’s estimates, for every 1 million pages signed daily via Adobe Acrobat Sign more than 27 million gallons of water, 1.5 million pounds of waste and 23.4 million pounds of CO2 emissions are avoided.

Operational sustainability is a hallmark of Adobe, inspiring us to build LEED and green certified offices, set a 100% renewable electricity goal, and establish science based climate targets.

We are working with suppliers to encourage renewable energy across our major sites, including the completion of them to set their own science based climate targets our Founders Tower which opened in January 2023 the first all electric and improve the transparency and accuracy of disclosures.

Valley we’re not just on track but ahead of our original 2035 renewable providers to discuss joint action on climate targets and electricity goal and plan to meet this by 2025.

Photo Credit: Courtesy of Gensler Jason O'Rear Photography the development of refined reporting methodology to help customers understand the emissions associated with the delivery of Adobe products and services.

When it comes to sustainability, no single organization can go it alone.

We work with our customers, industry peers and partners to use our collective voice to affect change.

We partner with a variety of organizations and trade and technology associations around the world to scale our reach and drive lasting impact.

For more details on Adobe’s commitment to the environment, read our Sustainability Policy.

Many of our priorities, outcomes and impacts and thereby our performance on CSR issues.

Year 2022, from Dec. 4, 2021 to Dec. 2, 2022, and all financial across social, environment and governance practices.

Diversity and Inclusion Report into this CSR review going forward.

Along with additional materials on the Corporate Responsibility, relate to social and environmental responsibility.

Inclusion sections of our website, this report provides an overview to the continued improvement, accuracy and sophistication of our of the priority areas of where Adobe, its employees and its corporate social responsibility information.

To this end, Adobe’s partners are making meaningful, positive impacts on society.

Corporate Social Responsibility function collaborates across the company to collect, organize and validate the data used in this report.

We welcome your questions, comments and feedback at createchange adobe.com.

She is known for her illustrations inspired by the moments, situations and characters she finds all around her.

Academy of Printing and her range of work includes commercial illustration, book illustration, cover design, editorial illustration, poster design and animation.

References in this report to information should not be construed compliance of third parties with our policies and procedures, as a characterization regarding the materiality of such our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and information to our financial results or for purposes of the U.S. geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well securities laws.

While certain matters discussed in this report as the factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of Adobe’s may be significant, any significance should not be read as most recent periodic reports on Form 10 K and Form 10 Q necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the and subsequent filings.

Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements update any forward looking statements or information, regarding our plans, initiatives, projections, goals, commitments, which speak as of their respective dates.

Readers should not and strategies and related business and stakeholder impacts.

These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual in this report.

Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, results may differ materially from any future results expressed metrics, and measurements used in preparing this report or implied by the forward looking statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, be considered guarantees.

Given the inherent uncertainty of assumptions not being realized, global sociodemographic the estimates, assumptions, and timelines contained in this and economic trends, changing government regulations, report, we may not be able to anticipate whether or the evolving sustainability strategies, scientific or technological degree to which we will be able to meet our plans, targets, developments, climate related conditions and weather events, or goals in advance.

Digital Media: We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by modernizing how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content.

Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Express, Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, Premiere Pro, Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign and many more products, offering a variety of tools for creative professionals, communicators and other consumers.

This is the core of what we have delivered to users for decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our business model to provide our customers with a range of flexible solutions that allow them to reach their full creative potential anytime, anywhere, on any device and on projects of all types.

Digital Experience: We provide an integrated platform and set of applications and services through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable brands and businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences that span from analytics to commerce.

Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C suite.

The foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses and brands with an open and extensible system for customer experience management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights driven by AI to enable the delivery of personalized digital experiences across various channels in milliseconds.

Entered into a definitive agreement under which we intend to acquire Figma, Inc.

In FY22, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero legal or regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY22, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero monetary losses as a result of legal proceed ings associated with user privacy that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY22, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY21, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

In FY20, we had zero data security breaches that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.

Please see Item 1A (Risk Factors) in Adobe's Annual report: Form 10 K for risks related to the operations of our business.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

Prior to that, Leadership was defined as employees who are director level and above with at least one full time employee direct report.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by 3% due to the larger data set.

Prior to that, Leadership was defined as employees who are director level and above with at least one full time employee direct report.

The updated definition has been applied to FY2020 FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by 3% due to the larger data set.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who technical products.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

Ergonomics Program: Employees can email ergonomics adobe.com or submit an ergonomic request through our internal network.

We implemented a new data platform in July 2022, which impacted some of the historical metrics by 1%.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self identified their gender and or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.

In FY2022, 1% of our global employees did not disclose gender data and 5.2% of our U.S. employees did not disclose race and ethnicity data.

For health and safety concerns employees can email safety adobe.com or contact the Global Security Operations Center 24 7 at 1 (408) 536 4444 (ext. 6 4444) 1 (800) 866 8006 1 (408) 536 4443 (international collect) or email security adobe.com.

Adobe Help Line: Employees can call 6 HELP and email ERC adobe.com, and internal and external stake holders can email the Compliance Office at integrity adobe.com or call 1 (800) 300 1026.

The provider transitioned from an estimate based approach to metered consumption.

As Adobe produces digital products that do not contribute to the physical waste stream, waste metrics reported here represent our operational waste from Adobe owned buildings and buildings where we hold a long term lease.

Key ESG Performance Indicators2022 Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report Create change.

Our mission to Change the World Through Digital Experiences is relevant both in the midst of crisis and in the best of times.

We remain committed to using the power of creativity to change the world by championing our employees, empowering every voice, lifting our communities, and building a sustainable future.