THEME 

Customer privacy 

THEME 

Climate change 

METRIC/QUESTION 

RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 

Number of account holders whose information is used for 
secondary purposes 

Bank of America is committed to collecting, using and sharing personal 
information responsibly. Refer to www.bankofamerica.com/privacy 
for information on how we process personal information and choices 
customers have to control the use and sharing of their personal 
information. 

SASB: FN-CF-220a.1 

METRIC/QUESTION 

RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 

Planet* 

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions: For all relevant greenhouse 
gases (e.g. carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, F-gases 
etc.), report in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
(tCO2e) GHG Protocol Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
Estimate and report material upstream and downstream (GHG 
Protocol Scope 3) emissions where appropriate. 

TCFD implementation: Fully implement the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD). If necessary, disclose a timeline of at most three years 
for full implementation. Disclose whether you have set, or have 
committed to set GHG emissions targets that are in line with 
the goals of the Paris Agreement — to limit global warming to 
well-below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts 
to limit warming to 1.5°C — and to achieve net-zero emissions 
before 2050. 

Financed emissions: Absolute gross financed emissions 
disaggregated by Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3; Gross exposure 
for each industry by asset class; Percentage of gross exposure 
included in the financed emissions calculation; Description of the 
methodology used to calculate financed emissions 

Paris-aligned GHG emissions targets: Define and report progress 
against time-bound science-based GHG emissions targets 
that are in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement – to 
limit global warming to well-below 2°C above pre-industrial 
levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C. This should 
include defining a date before 2050 by which you will achieve 
net-zero greenhouse gas emissions and interim reduction 
targets based on the methodologies provided by the Science 
Based Targets initiative if applicable. 

Bank of America’s 2022 greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2e) are as 
follows. Since 2010, we have reduced location-based emissions 61% 
globally. For more information, refer to our ESG Performance Data 
Summary (2022) available at www.bankofamerica.com/ESGData2022. 
See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward-Looking 
Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 
•  Scope 1 Direct: 66,775 
•  Location-based Scope 2 Indirect: 634,510 
•  Market-Based Scope 2 Indirect: 17,794 
•  Total net Scope 1 and Market-Based Scope 2: 0 
•  Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services: 1,336,649 
•  Scope 3 Capital Goods: 51,259 
•  Scope 3 Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities: 146,519 
•  Scope 3 Upstream Transportation and Distribution: 128,476 
•  Scope 3 Waste (Traditional Disposal): 16,927 
•  Scope 3 Business Travel: 80,171 
•  Scope 3 Net Business Travel: 0 
•  Scope 3 Employee Commuting: 250,783 
•  Scope 3 Downstream Transportation and Distribution: 1,000,000 
•  Scope 3 Use of Sold Products: 2,000 
•  Scope 3 End of Life Treatment of Sold Products: 11,000 

IBC 

In 2023, Bank of America released its third Task Force on Climate 
Related Financial Disclosures report (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd) 
which provides financed emissions baseline data and methodology for 
five applicable industry sectors. Please refer to the Metrics and Targets 
section for this information. 

IBC 

SASB FN-CB-410b.1; SASB.FN-CB-410b.2; SASB.FN-CB-410b.3;   
SASB.FN-CB-410b.4 

Building on our history of climate leadership, we are working towards 
2030 targets for our operations and supply chain. Our Net Zero goal 
includes operations, supply chain and financing activities (i.e., Scope 1, 
Scope 2 and material Scope 3). As a next step toward our Net Zero 
goal, we added two sectors and published 2030 science-aligned 
targets for reducing emissions associated with financing activities for 
now five key sectors: Auto Manufacturing, Energy, Power Generation, 
Aviation and Cement. The majority of these targets were set using the 
International Energy Agency’s Net Zero 2050 1.5° aligned scenario. We 
published our baseline and latest available emissions data for these 
portfolios in our 2023 TCFD report. 

For more information, refer to our 2023 Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures Report (www.bankofamerica.com/TCFD) and 
Performance Data Summary (www.bankofamerica.com/ESGdata2022). 

IBC 

Impact of Greenhouse gas emissions:* Report wherever material 
along the value chain (GHG protocol scopes 1,2&3), the valued 
societal impact of greenhouse gas emissions. Disclose the 
estimate of the social/societal cost of carbon used and the 
source or basis for this estimate. 

The societal impact of Bank of America’s Scope 1, Scope 2 (location-
based), and Scope 3 (Categories 1-7, 9, 11-12) emissions in 2022 was 
estimated to be $190 million. This figure was calculated using the EPA’s 
2020 social cost of carbon of $51/metric ton CO2 (3% discount rate, 
reported in 2020 USD). See page 76 for Cautionary Information and 
Forward-Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 

IBC 

*See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward-Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 

BANK OF AMERICA 2023    |  69 

THEME 

Fresh water   
availability** 

METRIC/QUESTION 

RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 

Water consumption and withdrawal in water-stressed areas: Report 
for operations where material, mega litres of water withdrawn, 
mega litres of water consumed and the percentage of each 
in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress 
according to WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas tool. Estimate and 
report the same information for the full value chain (upstream 
and downstream) where appropriate. 

In 2022, Bank of America withdrew 6,672 and consumed 1,518 
megaliters of water across our global operations. Withdrawals include 
all of the water we use per year, including some reclaimed water. We 
consider our irrigation water use as our water consumption. 42% of 
our withdrawals and 47% of our consumption were from regions with 
high or extremely high baseline water stress according to the WRI 
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. 

Nature loss* 

Land use and ecological sensitivity: Report the number and area 
(in hectares) of sites owned, leased or managed in or adjacent 
to protected areas and/or key biodiversity areas (KBA). 

IBC 

In 2022, Bank of America had 13 active U.S. sites that intersected with 
areas protected for biodiversity. The area of these buildings is 7,500 
square meters. Only U.S. sites are included in this analysis. U.S. sites 
make up over 92% of Bank of America’s real estate footprint. Sites 
were overlaid on the U.S. Geological Survey’s Protected Areas Database 
(PADUS) to understand intersection with protected areas. 

IBC 

Air pollution* 

Air pollution: Report wherever material along the value chain: 
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), particulate matter 
and other significant air emissions. Wherever possible, estimate 
the proportion of specified emissions that occur in or adjacent 
to urban/densely populated areas. 

Bank of America’s 2022 air pollution emissions (metric tons) are as 
follows. These air pollution emissions are from all of our sites globally 
and are not specific to urban/densely populated areas. For more 
information, refer to our ESG Performance Data Summary (2022) 
available at www.bankofamerica.com/ESGData2022. 

Impact of air pollution: Report wherever material along the value 
chain, the valued impact of air pollution, including nitrogen 
oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), particulate matter and other 
significant air emissions. 

Environmental risk to 
mortgaged properties* 

(1) Number and (2) value of mortgage loans in 100-year   
flood zones. 

(1) Total expected loss and (2) Loss Given Default (LGD) 
attributable to mortgage loan default and delinquency due to 
weather related natural catastrophes, by geographic region. 

Description of how climate change and other environmental 
risks are incorporated into mortgage origination and 
underwriting. 

•  Sulfur Oxide (SOx): 2 

•  Nitrogen Oxides (NOx): 20 

•  Carbon Monoxide (CO): 28 

•  Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC): 2 

•  Particulate Matter (PM): 3 

IBC 

The valued impact of Bank of America’s air pollution (SOx, NOx, CO, 
VOCs, and PM) in 2022 was estimated to be $143,000. This figure was 
calculated using the social cost factors of each pollutant as reported 
in the World Resources Institute’s Transport Emissions & Social Cost 
Assessment (TESCA) Tool v1.0. These social cost factors are weighted 
averages based on a research process that merges the findings of 
independent academic studies to calculate an overall or “absolute” 
effect. 

IBC 

As of December 31, 2023, the Corporation had 38,594 loans with a 
book value of $11.8 billion in 100-year flood zones according to the 
FEMA definition. 

SASB: FN-MF-450a.1 

The Corporation currently does not have a process in place to 
estimate future losses specific to natural catastrophes. We have 
monitored natural disasters in the last few years and given our 
robust insurance requirements, client selection process and portfolio 
asset quality (borrower’s equity), we have experienced no material 
losses. However, there is no assurance that this may not change 
based on the severity and location of weather-related natural 
catastrophes. Refer to the Climate Risk Management subsection 
on page 135 of the 2023 Financial Review for further details. See 
our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (www. 
bankofamerica.com/TCFD) report for details on scenario analysis and 
stress testing. 

SASB: FN-MF-450a.2 

Recognizing that certain sectors are more sensitive to climate-related 
and environmental risks, we undertake enhanced due diligence to 
analyze lending activities in these sectors to evaluate the associated 
credit risks. Evaluation of environmental matters may include land 
and water use impacts, a remediation/reclamation track record 
(if applicable), climate risk reporting, community and stakeholder 
engagement and overall transparency. For acute physical risk, which 
are event-driven extreme weather events such as cyclones, hurricanes, 
or floods, the Corporation follows Federal flood insurance regulations 
and the industry’s mortgage hazard insurance (including fire/wind 
coverage) during underwriting. Flood insurance requirements are based 
on flood zones determined by FEMA. Insurance coverage amounts 
require replacement value of property with policy parameters following 
industry standards for minimum/maximum. 

SASB: FN-MF-450a.3 

*See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward-Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 

**Water that is reclaimed from a variety of sources then treated and reused for beneficial purposes such as irrigation and groundwater reclamation. 

70  |    BANK OF AMERICA 2023 

Bank of America is committed to collecting, using and sharing personal information responsibly.

Refer to www.bankofamerica.com privacy for information on how we process personal information and choices customers have to control the use and sharing of their personal information.

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions: For all relevant greenhouse gases (e.g.

Estimate and report material upstream and downstream (GHG Protocol Scope 3) emissions where appropriate.

TCFD implementation: Fully implement the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

If necessary, disclose a timeline of at most three years for full implementation.

Disclose whether you have set, or have committed to set GHG emissions targets that are in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to well below 2 C above pre industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5 C and to achieve net zero emissions before 2050.

Paris aligned GHG emissions targets: Define and report progress against time bound science based GHG emissions targets that are in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to well below 2 C above pre industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5 C. This should include defining a date before 2050 by which you will achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions and interim reduction targets based on the methodologies provided by the Science Based Targets initiative if applicable.

Bank of America’s 2022 greenhouse gas emissions (tCO2e) are as follows.

Since 2010, we have reduced location based emissions 61% globally.

For more information, refer to our ESG Performance Data Summary (2022) available at www.bankofamerica.com ESGData2022.

See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.

Scope 1 Direct: 66,775 Location based Scope 2 Indirect: 634,510 Market Based Scope 2 Indirect: 17,794 Total net Scope 1 and Market Based Scope 2: 0 Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services: 1,336,649 Scope 3 Capital Goods: 51,259 Scope 3 Fuel and Energy Related Activities: 146,519 Scope 3 Upstream Transportation and Distribution: 128,476 Scope 3 Waste (Traditional Disposal): 16,927 Scope 3 Business Travel: 80,171 Scope 3 Net Business Travel: 0 Scope 3 Employee Commuting: 250,783 Scope 3 Downstream Transportation and Distribution: 1,000,000 Scope 3 Use of Sold Products: 2,000 Scope 3 End of Life Treatment of Sold Products: 11,000.

In 2023, Bank of America released its third Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures report (www.bankofamerica.com tcfd) which provides financed emissions baseline data and methodology for five applicable industry sectors.

Please refer to the Metrics and Targets section for this information.

Building on our history of climate leadership, we are working towards 2030 targets for our operations and supply chain.

Our Net Zero goal includes operations, supply chain and financing activities (i.e., Scope 1, Scope 2 and material Scope 3).

As a next step toward our Net Zero goal, we added two sectors and published 2030 science aligned targets for reducing emissions associated with financing activities for now five key sectors: Auto Manufacturing, Energy, Power Generation, Aviation and Cement.

The majority of these targets were set using the International Energy Agency’s Net Zero 2050 1.5 aligned scenario.

We published our baseline and latest available emissions data for these portfolios in our 2023 TCFD report.

For more information, refer to our 2023 Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures Report (www.bankofamerica.com TCFD) and Performance Data Summary (www.bankofamerica.com ESGdata2022).

Impact of Greenhouse gas emissions: Report wherever material along the value chain (GHG protocol scopes 1,2 3), the valued societal impact of greenhouse gas emissions.

Disclose the estimate of the social societal cost of carbon used and the source or basis for this estimate.

The societal impact of Bank of America’s Scope 1, Scope 2 (location based), and Scope 3 (Categories 1 7, 9, 11 12) emissions in 2022 was estimated to be 190 million.

This figure was calculated using the EPA’s 2020 social cost of carbon of 51 metric ton CO2 (3% discount rate, reported in 2020 USD).

See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.

See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.

Water consumption and withdrawal in water stressed areas: Report for operations where material, mega litres of water withdrawn, mega litres of water consumed and the percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress according to WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas tool.

Estimate and report the same information for the full value chain (upstream and downstream) where appropriate.

In 2022, Bank of America withdrew 6,672 and consumed 1,518 megaliters of water across our global operations.

Withdrawals include all of the water we use per year, including some reclaimed water.

We consider our irrigation water use as our water consumption.

Land use and ecological sensitivity: Report the number and area (in hectares) of sites owned, leased or managed in or adjacent to protected areas and or key biodiversity areas (KBA).

In 2022, Bank of America had 13 active U.S. sites that intersected with areas protected for biodiversity.

The area of these buildings is 7,500 square meters.

U.S. sites make up over 92% of Bank of America’s real estate footprint.

Sites were overlaid on the U.S. Geological Survey’s Protected Areas Database (PADUS) to understand intersection with protected areas.

Air pollution: Report wherever material along the value chain: Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), particulate matter and other significant air emissions.

Wherever possible, estimate the proportion of specified emissions that occur in or adjacent to urban densely populated areas.

Bank of America’s 2022 air pollution emissions (metric tons) are as follows.

These air pollution emissions are from all of our sites globally and are not specific to urban densely populated areas.

For more information, refer to our ESG Performance Data Summary (2022) available at www.bankofamerica.com ESGData2022.

Impact of air pollution: Report wherever material along the value chain, the valued impact of air pollution, including nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), particulate matter and other significant air emissions.

Description of how climate change and other environmental risks are incorporated into mortgage origination and underwriting.

The valued impact of Bank of America’s air pollution (SOx, NOx, CO, VOCs, and PM) in 2022 was estimated to be 143,000.

This figure was calculated using the social cost factors of each pollutant as reported in the World Resources Institute’s Transport Emissions Social Cost Assessment (TESCA) Tool v1.0.

These social cost factors are weighted averages based on a research process that merges the findings of independent academic studies to calculate an overall or absolute effect.

As of December 31, 2023, the Corporation had 38,594 loans with a book value of 11.8 billion in 100 year flood zones according to the FEMA definition.

The Corporation currently does not have a process in place to estimate future losses specific to natural catastrophes.

We have monitored natural disasters in the last few years and given our robust insurance requirements, client selection process and portfolio asset quality (borrower’s equity), we have experienced no material losses.

However, there is no assurance that this may not change based on the severity and location of weather related natural catastrophes.

Refer to the Climate Risk Management subsection on page 135 of the 2023 Financial Review for further details.

See our Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (www.

Recognizing that certain sectors are more sensitive to climate related and environmental risks, we undertake enhanced due diligence to analyze lending activities in these sectors to evaluate the associated credit risks.

Evaluation of environmental matters may include land and water use impacts, a remediation reclamation track record (if applicable), climate risk reporting, community and stakeholder engagement and overall transparency.

For acute physical risk, which are event driven extreme weather events such as cyclones, hurricanes, or floods, the Corporation follows Federal flood insurance regulations and the industry’s mortgage hazard insurance (including fire wind coverage) during underwriting.

Flood insurance requirements are based on flood zones determined by FEMA.

Insurance coverage amounts require replacement value of property with policy parameters following industry standards for minimum maximum.

See page 76 for Cautionary Information and Forward Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.

Water that is reclaimed from a variety of sources then treated and reused for beneficial purposes such as irrigation and groundwater reclamation.