CORPORATE
CITIZENSHIP 
REPORT

2021

FORWARD LOOKING 
STATEMENTS

This report contains certain statements that may be deemed “forward- 
looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical 
fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our 
management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may 
occur in the future are forward-looking statements. We use words such as 
aim, anticipate, believe, commit, drive, estimate, ensure, expect, goal, intend, 
may, mission, plan, project, seek, strategy, strive, target, will, and would or 
similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In particular, 
such statements may include but are not limited to: (1) statements which 
may relate to our purpose, ambitions, aims, commitments, targets, plans, 
and objectives, and sustainability goal progress; (2) environmental, health, 
and safety (EHS) data as it relates to the environment, safety performance, 
management systems, implementation, and regulatory compliance, 
including data collection systems at applicable sites that track and collect 
EHS data through the corporate-wide EHS reporting systems; (3) social 
data as it relates to employee metrics, social practices, and community 
engagement programs derived from our various databases; (4) responsible 
sourcing of materials and the related responsible sourcing systems and 
data; and (5) statements about actions of suppliers and partners or our 
work with them. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions 
and assessments made by our management in light of their experience 
and their perception of historical trends, current economic and industry 
conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to 
be appropriate. The forward-looking statements included in this report are 
also subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties that may cause 
actual results to differ materially. Such risks and uncertainties include, but 
are not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and 
COVID-19-related public health factors affecting our operations, markets, 
products, services and prices; assumptions not being realized; scientific or 
technological developments; evolving sustainability strategies; changes in 
carbon markets; evolving government regulations; our expansion into new 

products, services, technologies, and geographic regions; or other changes 
in circumstances, as well as those factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” 
section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent 
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of 
future performance, and actual results, and other developments, including 
the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and business decisions 
may differ from those envisaged by such forward-looking statements. The 
information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the 
date of this report and are subject to change without notice. We undertake 
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this 
report as a result of new information or future events or developments.

This report represents our current policy and intent and is not intended 
to create legal rights or obligations. The standards of measurement 
and performance contained in this report are developing and based on 
assumptions, and no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, 
projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this 
report can or will be achieved. This report may contain or incorporate by 
reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed 
by us, and we make no representation, warranty, or undertaking as to the 
accuracy, reasonableness, or completeness of such information. This report 
contains examples of savings and results achieved by us, our customers, 
and our partners that may or may not be representative of what other 
companies could achieve in similar circumstances. Inclusion of information 
in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material 
to our business or operating results. “Material” for the purposes of this 
report should not be read as equating to any use of the word in our other 
reporting or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. No 
part of this report or our website constitutes, or shall be taken to constitute, 
an invitation or inducement to invest in us or any other entity and shall not 
be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decisions.

2LETTER FROM OUR  
CHAIRMAN AND CEO

We’ve learned a lot about ourselves and our company since the COVID-19 pandemic 
began. We learned that no matter the adversity, our employees find a way to get the job 
done. We also learned that our core Honeywell Behaviors and commitment to Inclusion 
and Diversity and robust Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) practices make us 
stronger, especially in difficult times.

When the world needed Honeywell, we responded. Early in the pandemic, we initiated an 
unprecedented ramp-up in the production of personal protective equipment, including 
N-95 masks, to help protect frontline workers. When vaccines became available, we helped 
stage some of the largest mass vaccination events in the U.S. When COVID-19 cases 
soared in India, we provided equipment and supplies to support the country’s healthcare 
system and citizens.

Our 2021 Corporate Citizenship Report highlights what we’ve achieved over the last year 
and the strengths we look to build on going forward. We are focused on executing our 
evolving business strategy and ESG vision; delivering on our commitment to hire, develop, 
and retain diverse talent; and maintaining the highest ethical standards. We are in a unique 
position to help multiple industries improve their sustainability. Approximately 50% 
of our research and development spend on new product introductions is on our ESG-
related portfolio, much of which relates to reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
We’ve reduced our own GHG intensity by more than 90% over the past 17 years, and we 
pledged in April 2021 to becoming carbon neutral in our operations and facilities by 2035. 
Our procedures require our new products to undergo an eco-efficiency assessment that 
considers opportunities to improve energy efficiency or other environmental aspects, and 
each quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.

For all the continuing challenges associated with COVID-19, the pandemic has shown 
every company the value of being a good corporate citizen. Honeywell’s people are 
energized by the opportunity to tackle the world’s most daunting problems and create a 
better tomorrow for our stakeholders and future generations.

Darius Adamczyk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3LETTER FROM OUR  
LEAD DIRECTOR 

While the past two years have posed significant challenges 
to all of us personally and professionally, I’m honored to 
serve as Honeywell’s Lead Director and have enjoyed the 
engagement with shareowners and continued open dialogue 
that helps make Honeywell a stronger company.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and guiding 
Honeywell’s management team to ensure it operates in the best long- 
term interests of its stakeholders. We have a duty to be attuned to the 
perspectives of our shareowners and to foster the values that help 
make Honeywell one of the world’s leading companies. The Board’s 
Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee, for example, 
provides oversight and thought leadership as the company navigates 
rapidly evolving Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) priorities. 
It also works to ensure Board members demonstrate the leadership 
traits, independence, and diversity of background that support 
Honeywell’s long-term strategic vision and performance culture.

I hope Honeywell’s 2021 Corporate Citizenship Report will give 
you a better understanding of how the company is approaching 
the most consequential business and ESG opportunities during 
this remarkable period. I speak for the entire Board when I say I 
am highly encouraged by Honeywell’s progress and eager to see 
all it will accomplish as a premier global technology company.

D. Scott Davis
Lead Director

4TABLE OF 
CONTENTS

HONEYWELL OVERVIEW

HONEYWELL SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

OUR TECHNOLOGIES

Aerospace

Honeywell Building Technologies

Performance Materials and Technologies

Safety and Productivity Solutions

Honeywell Connected Enterprise

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Integrity and Compliance

Human Rights

Data Protection and Cybersecurity

Board of Directors

Board Oversight of ESG

Enterprise Risk Management

Shareowner Engagement

Celebrating Diversity on Our Board

Supply Chain

Product Integrity

Political Contributions and Trade Associations

OUR CULTURE

Our Behaviors

Inclusion and Diversity

Talent Acquisition and Development

COVID-19 Response

HEALTH, SAFETY, AND THE ENVIRONMENT

Our Results

Health and Safety

The Environment

Responsible Remediation

Product Stewardship

SOCIAL GOOD

In the Community

Responding to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

SASB / TCFD INFORMATION

HONEYWELL’S NEW HEADQUARTERS

5HONEYWELL 
OVERVIEW

Honeywell is in the business of changing how the world 
works. We work on cultivating a culture of creativity, 
speed, and agility every day so we can meet all 
challenges head-on. 

When COVID-19 struck, Honeywell produced and distributed millions of respirators and masks to 
cities, states, and countries. We co-authored a playbook for orchestrating mass vaccination events 
and developed better ways to deliver vaccines. But earning a reputation as a leading industrial 
technology company doesn’t come from just what we’ve accomplished. The world is changing at 
hyperspeed, and Honeywell is leading the way. 

We use predictive analytics, for instance, to help monitor maintenance needs for aircraft while they’re 
in the air. Jets may someday use electric propulsion or Honeywell Green Jet Fuel™ as alternatives to 
fossil fuel. We also develop software that detects toxic gases by listening for them; leverage artificial 
intelligence to streamline e-commerce; create software that transforms the operation of large 
buildings; devise cybersecurity systems to safeguard critical infrastructure; and use augmented reality 
to aid field technicians when making repairs. 

It takes remarkable employees to develop creative solutions, and Honeywell is building exceptional 
talent in part through employee networks that focus on career and skill development, provide 
networking opportunities, and promote cultural awareness and respect. At Honeywell, we prize 
differing backgrounds, perspectives, and viewpoints, and use that mindset to drive innovation that 
makes a difference in the world.

OUR TECHNOLOGIES

Aerospace

Honeywell Building 
Technologies

Performance 
Materials and 
Technologies

Safety and 
Productivity Solutions

Honeywell 
Connected Enterprise

6HONEYWELL 
SUSTAINABLE 
SOLUTIONS

Real-Time Tracking and Reporting

Improvement Roadmap

Measurement Systems

Auditable Progress to Defined Outcomes

GHG Reduction: Low-Global-Warming-
Potential (GWP) Molecules 

Accountability

Energy Audit, Benchmarking 
and Baselining

Fleet Electrification and Smart Logistics

Energy Management Services

Renewable Power

Energy Storage

Zero 
Carbon

Biofuels: Green Jet, Green Diesel

Hydrogen: Blue Hydrogen,
Green Hydrogen

SUSTAINABILITY

Energy and Water1 Conservation

Efficiency

Energy Optimization 
and Predictive Maintenance

Flight Management 
and Smart Logistics

Healthy Building Technologies

Lifecycle Impact
High-GWP Emissions Monitoring
and Remediation

Plastics Recycling

Circularity

Resiliency

Command and Control1 
For Remote Operations and Security

Safety Assurance, Emergency
and Disaster Response Management

Bio-Sourced Plastics and Materials

Virtual Expert¹ 

Cybersecurity

¹Available through the Honeywell Partnership Ecosystem. 

7OUR 
TECHNOLOGIES

AEROSPACE
Despite challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic, Honeywell 
Aerospace made several important strides over the last year in 
product development and partnerships to help make air travel 
safer, more efficient, and more environmentally responsible.

SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION

• Honeywell entered into a long-term agreement with leading mobility 

supplier DENSO Corp., which draws upon the organizations’ respective 
aerospace and automotive backgrounds to develop and manufacture 
electric propulsion systems for aircraft. The companies are initially 
prioritizing the urban air mobility (UAM) segment with a focus 
on air taxis and delivery vehicles. These systems are designed to 
provide an electrified power source that will result in cleaner, safer, 
more efficient, and quieter air transportation. The partnership will 
strengthen each company's efforts to achieve carbon neutrality, 
which for Honeywell is a 2035 goal for its facilities and operations.

• Honeywell is preparing to demonstrate a new turbogenerator capable 

of running on aviation biofuel, as well as conventional jet fuel and 
diesel. The new turbogenerator can also be powered by Honeywell 
Green Jet Fuel, which is chemically similar to fossil fuel but made 
from more sustainable alternatives. This turbogenerator will operate 
high-power electric motors or charge batteries and can also be 
used in heavy-lift cargo drones, air taxis, or commuter aircraft.

• In September 2021, Honeywell and United announced a joint multimillion-
dollar investment in Alder Fuels – a clean tech company that is pioneering 
first-of-its-kind technologies for producing sustainable aviation fuel at 
scale by converting abundant biomass, such as forest and crop waste, 
into low-carbon, drop-in replacement crude oil that can be used to 
produce aviation fuel. When used together across the fuel lifecycle, the 
Alder technologies, coupled with Honeywell’s Ecofining™ process, aims to 
produce fuel that is a 100% drop-in replacement for petroleum jet fuel.

• Two more airlines are now using Honeywell Forge software to help 

increase operational efficiencies and decrease costs, such as reducing 
unnecessary fuel burn. GOL Airlines of Brazil and Sky Regional Airlines 
of Canada joined a growing list of more than 10,000 aircrafts worldwide 
harnessing the power of Honeywell Forge, with more than 3,000 using 
the Honeywell Forge Flight Efficiency module to help reduce fuel costs.

8HONEYWELL BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES
Honeywell Building Technologies (HBT) is transforming the way 
buildings operate to help improve quality of life. HBT’s hardware, 
software, and analytics are used in more than 10 million buildings 
worldwide to help create safer, more efficient, and productive facilities.

SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION

• The Sydney Opera House named Honeywell as its first Global Goals 
partner to help support the world-famous performing arts center's 
commitment to sustainability, diversity, and inclusion. During the 
three-year partnership, the Opera House and Honeywell have 
agreed to collaborate on initiatives aligned with the UN Global Goals, 
including helping the Opera House become climate-positive by 2023. 
The partnership will stage an event to showcase how engineers are 
contributing to positive social and environmental change and will also seek 
to provide opportunities for indigenous (Australia's First Nations) peoples.

"We are pleased to work with the Opera House as its first Global 
Goals partner and demonstrate our shared values to protect the 
environment,” said Doug Wright, president and CEO, HBT. “The Opera 
House has long set the standard for more sustainable buildings in 
Australia with regard to improved energy efficiency, water management 
and waste reduction.” "Honeywell technology has already helped 
the Opera House reduce its water consumption by 30% through 
improved monitoring and supported our goal of reducing energy 
use by 20%,” said Sydney Opera House CEO Louise Herron.

• Honeywell recently started the next phase of an infrastructure 

modernization project to improve energy resiliency at Kunsan Air Base, 
a U.S. Air Force Base in Gunsan, South Korea. The $23 million project 
is intended to improve fuel supply reliability through the installation of 
natural gas service on the base. This is also expected to increase security 
by reducing the need for frequent fuel oil deliveries and create a better 
experience on base for its airmen. The work is projected to reduce the 
base's energy consumption by 11% and nearly 59,000 MMBtus annually. 

• Honeywell and Indian River State College (IRSC) in Florida launched a 

comprehensive infrastructure improvement project designed to increase 
energy efficiency across all five of IRSC’s campuses through a series of 
building upgrades. The improvements, implemented through an Energy 
Savings Performance Contract, are projected to reduce energy usage, 
water consumption, and operational costs by at least $850,000 annually 
and cut carbon dioxide emissions by an estimated 4,185 metric tons.

9SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION

• Natural and organic foods retailer Whole Foods Market 

adopted Honeywell’s Solstice® N40 (R-448A) lower global-warming-
potential (GWP) refrigerant in its stores across the United States to 
reduce refrigerant emissions under the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency's GreenChill program. Whole Foods is retrofitting its commercial 
refrigeration systems at more than 100 stores with Honeywell's reduced-
GWP alternative, replacing high-global-warming-potential refrigerants 
R-404A and R-22. Several other retailers made similar moves, including:

 - Supermarket retailer Papaya Fresh Gallery for use in its stores 

across Indonesia.

 - Supermarket retailer Lotte Mart for use in its stores throughout 

Vietnam, making it the first supermarket chain in the country to adopt 
it as a R-404A replacement.

“Solstice N40 has become the trusted choice for both commercial and 
industrial refrigeration customers globally to meet sustainability goals, 
and we are proud to assist the industry in moving toward the future 
with environmentally preferable and energy-efficient refrigerants," said 
George Koutsaftes, President of Honeywell Advanced Materials.

• Honeywell has also launched its inaugural Solstice Awards program, 

designed to honor companies around the world that are visibly 
demonstrating their commitment to sustainable air conditioning and 
refrigeration by adopting refrigerants based on its proprietary Solstice 
technology to maximize efficiency and reduce their carbon footprint.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
AND TECHNOLOGIES
Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) develops 
process technologies, automation solutions, advanced materials, 
and industrial software that are transforming industries around 
the world. PMT businesses manufacture a wide variety of high-
performance products, including environmentally preferable materials 
used to produce refrigerants, blowing agents, aerosols and solvents, 
pharmaceutical packaging, fine chemicals, additives, and high 
strength-fiber for military, law enforcement, and industrial use. 

10•  Honeywell introduced a single-stage UOP Ecofining technology offering 

to produce renewable diesel fuel. The new single-stage technology 
is a fast-to-market, low-capital-cost solution that produces higher 
yields of renewable diesel fuel than other single-stage technologies. The 
single-stage Ecofining process produces Honeywell Green Diesel™ which 
is chemically identical to petroleum-based diesel and can be used as a 
drop-in replacement in vehicles with no modifications. It also features 
up to an 80% lifecycle reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
compared with diesel made from petroleum. 

• Brazil-based ECB Group will use Honeywell’s UOP Ecofining process to 
convert vegetable oils and inedible animal fats into renewable diesel and 
jet fuel at the Omega Green production facility in Villeta, near Asuncion, 
Paraguay. This marks the first advanced biofuels project in Paraguay, 
as well as the largest private investment in the country’s history. 

• TotalEnergies, a broad energy company that produces and markets 

energies on a global scale, will use Honeywell UOP Ecofining process 
technology to produce renewable fuels, primarily for the aviation industry, 
at its Grandpuits platform at Seine-et-Marne in north-central France.

“The new single-stage Ecofining process can help a refiner 
meet stricter regulations for sustainable fuels production with 
significant revenue advantages and minimal equipment and 
space requirements,” said Ben Owens, Vice President and General 
Manager, Honeywell Sustainable Technology  Solutions.

11HONEYWELL IN ACTION

• Honeywell rapidly expanded its domestic PPE production operations as 
part of its response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The company delivered 
N95 respirators and disposable surgical face masks to multiple locations 
in the U.S. for healthcare systems, the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. In 
addition, the company shipped millions of masks to state and local 
governments in support of their response to COVID-19 and for their PPE 
stockpiles. The company achieved a significant milestone by delivering 
more than 225 million respirators and face masks in one month. 

• Honeywell launched its Gas Cloud Imaging system in Europe to 

provide automated and continuous monitoring for leaks of dangerous 
and polluting gases such as methane at oil and gas, chemical, and 
power generation facilities across the continent. Reducing gas 
emissions such as methane from hydrocarbon operations is one the most 
cost-effective and impactful methods to help reach global climate and 
environmental goals, according to the International Energy Agency. 

• Honeywell and Premier Inc. created a new commercial relationship 
to expand the domestic production of nitrile exam gloves. Since the 
beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the supply of exam gloves 
has been constrained as global demand skyrocketed. As a result, 
Premier member hospitals reported access to exam gloves as one 
of their greatest product-related challenges to care for patients. 

The collaboration between Premier and Honeywell is expected to 
expand access to domestically manufactured exam gloves for U.S. 
hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare providers. “Honeywell and 
Premier share a commitment to increase the domestic production 
capacity for safety solutions to help to protect American healthcare 
workers,” said Praveen Reddy, President of Honeywell's PPE business. 
“Our N95 respirators are protecting millions of healthcare workers, 
and now we're bringing our technical and supply chain management 
expertise to support another category of essential PPE.”

SAFETY AND PRODUCTIVITY SOLUTIONS
Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) provides products, software, 
and connected solutions that improve productivity, workplace 
safety, and asset performance for our customers across the globe. 
We do this through industry-leading mobile devices, software, 
cloud technology and automation solutions, the broadest range of 
personal protective equipment (PPE) and gas detection technology, 
and custom-engineered sensors, switches, and controls. 

12SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION

• Honeywell launched a cloud-based solution that streamlines and 
combines operational and business data for building owners and 
managers to support better decision-making, drive greater efficiencies, 
and reach sustainability goals. The new solution, Honeywell Forge Real 
Estate Operations, extends the capabilities of Honeywell Forge enterprise 
performance management software and was jointly developed with SAP on 
the SAP Business Technology Platform. 

• Bluewater Health, one of the largest hospitals in Ontario, Canada, 

implemented Honeywell Forge Enterprise Performance Management 
solution at its locations in Petrolia and Sarnia to improve efficiency and 
improve building resiliency. Honeywell Forge Predictive Maintenance 
was deployed to analyze and optimize building systems maintenance 
at the hospitals. The solution has helped the hospital reduce electricity 
usage by an average of 8% of expected consumption and reduce gas 
usage by almost 12% against the target over the first few months of 
the deployment. 

• Honeywell partnered with Vertiv – a global leader in critical infrastructure 
for data centers and network – to introduce a joint offering to improve 
sustainability at data center operations. Data centers are very energy 
intensive, and Honeywell’s operational technology experience will help 
reduce energy use in data centers by combining intelligent selection of 
energy resources with centralized visibility of operations. Combined, the 
companies will sell industry-leading product brands that provide best-in-
class differentiated support to data centers including Honeywell Forge 
Energy Optimization.

HONEYWELL CONNECTED ENTERPRISE
Honeywell’s Enterprise Performance Management software, known as 
Honeywell Forge, features connected software and hardware solutions 
that measure, optimize, and automate operations, as an open, extensible, 
cyber-secure offering designed to work across any enterprise.

13CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE

Honeywell’s Board of Directors and management team 
remain steadfastly committed to the highest environmental, 
social, and governance performance standards. 

This long-term strategy fuels Honeywell’s position as a leader in our industries and one 
of the world’s largest and most admired companies. Our products and services address 
some of the most critical challenges in efficiency, safety, security, and productivity. 

In 2021, Honeywell once again 
earned recognition as one of the 
World’s Most Ethical Companies 
by Ethisphere, a global leader in 
corporate ethics and compliance. 
This is the sixth time Honeywell 
has received this designation.

14To hold our workforce to Honeywell’s integrity standards, all officers and 
eligible employees are required to complete Code of Business Conduct 
training, and where permitted by law, Honeywell requires all officers 
and employees to annually certify their compliance with its tenets. 

Honeywell is committed to obtaining Code of Business Conduct 
certification from 100% of all eligible employees at all levels of 
the organization, including production employees. The company 
has met that commitment every year since 2018. This certification 
requirement covers more than 100,000 employees every year. 

INTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE
Our Code of Business Conduct is a baseline set of requirements that 
defines how we treat employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, 
and communities around the world. It also empowers employees to 
recognize and report Integrity and Compliance issues, and to contribute 
toward upholding a work environment where everyone is treated ethically 
and with respect. 

Through close collaboration with risk area owners and subject matter 
experts, Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance team revises the Code of 
Business Conduct every year to ensure it remains up to date. The Code is 
translated into 30 languages. 

The Code affirms our commitment to:

• Workplace respect, diversity, and inclusion 

• A work environment in which employees can communicate openly and 
voice concerns without fear of retaliation, intimidation, or harassment 

• A safe and healthy workplace

• Honest and fair business practices, avoiding conflicts 

of interests, and prohibiting improper payments 

• Accurate books and records 

• Robust data privacy and sound cybersecurity practices 

• Compliance with international trade laws 

15Key Elements of Our Integrity and Compliance Program

Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance Program is a leadership-driven and 
shared-responsibility program that allows for integrated accountability and 
consistency through the various businesses and global operations. The 
company has a dedicated Integrity and Compliance organization that is led 
by the Chief Compliance Officer, who also serves as Corporate Secretary, 
and has direct access to the Board of Directors. 

The Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) and 
the Audit Committee directly oversee the Integrity and Compliance 
program. The CGRC receives regular reports from the Chief Compliance 
Officer detailing the company’s integrity and compliance program, ethics 
assessment results, and critical regulatory compliance programs. 

The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports detailing significant 
investigations and disciplinary actions taken in response to 
substantiated allegations. 

Honeywell provides comprehensive training on key compliance topics 
and develops training scenarios in over 20 languages, offers mechanisms 
for employees and third parties to report concerns (including doing so 
anonymously) under a strict non-retaliation policy, and ensures timely and 
fair investigations of all allegations.

16Here are other key elements of our Integrity and Compliance Program:

• We design robust and frequent communications to engage all levels 

• The ACCESS Integrity Helpline is a 24-hour, multilingual service operated 
by an independent third-party provider that is open to all stakeholders. 
Honeywell investigates 100% of allegations reported through the Helpline 
or brought to the Integrity and Compliance Office. Employees found in 
violation of our Code of Business Conduct are subject to discipline, up to 
and including termination, in compliance with all local requirements.

• Integrity and Compliance Councils operate at the corporate, business unit, 

and regional levels.

• An Ethics Ambassador Program empowers business leaders around the 

globe to champion integrity and compliance topics with employees.

• We deliver mandatory companywide training for all employees in health, 
safety, and environmental responsibility; non-discrimination; conflicts of 
interest; anti-corruption; and trade controls.

of the company on the criticality of integrity and compliance.

• We invest in essential compliance tools that offer real-time visibility into 

business transactions.

• We station global compliance teams in regions at elevated risk for 

compliance concerns.

• We conduct frequent self-assessments, independent internal and  

third-party reviews, and audits of compliance risk areas.

• Robust integration processes ensure newly acquired companies understand 

and comply with Honeywell principles, policies, and procedures.

17HUMAN RIGHTS
Honeywell’s Code of Business Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct and 
our Human Rights Policy address a broad range of human and workplace 
rights in our global operations and supply chain to ensure fairness, ethical 
behavior, dignity, and respect. 

Our Human Rights Policy applies to all Honeywell workers worldwide, 
including contingent workers, agents, and candidates for hire. Honeywell 
also requires suppliers to uphold human rights principles as described in 
Honeywell’s Code of Business Conduct. These expectations are endorsed by 
Honeywell’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and reinforced through 
various internal and external communication channels. 

Key elements of our Human Rights Policy include: Inclusion and Diversity, 
Workplace Respect, Freedom of Association, Safe and Healthy Workplace, 
Workplace Security, Work Hours and Wages, Forced Labor and Human 
Trafficking, Child Labor, and Rights of Local Communities and those who 
live and work there. 

Honeywell has policies, processes, training, and other monitoring systems in 
place to help it fulfill its Human Rights commitments.

DATA PROTECTION AND CYBERSECURITY
Honeywell’s comprehensive Global Data Privacy Program is based upon our 
strong commitment to protect the personal data of employees, customers, 
suppliers, and other stakeholders. Honeywell’s privacy policies establish 
uniform global standards for how the company processes personal data. 
Our policies and practices promote adherence to data privacy principles 
that are commonly recognized around the world and respect the privacy 
rights of data subjects. To the extent that applicable law or contractual 
provisions impose stricter requirements than our policies, Honeywell always 
complies with the more restrictive legal or contractual requirements. 

We also maintain robust cybersecurity incident response procedures 
that allow us to respond appropriately and promptly to any potential 
incidents. Honeywell has established an information security framework 
to help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of 
information assets and ensure regulatory, operational, and contractual 
requirements are fulfilled. Our framework includes regular internal 
and external audits; vulnerability assessments and penetration 
testing of the company’s systems, products and practices; systematic 
employee training on cybersecurity issues; and robust measures to 
monitor and respond to data breach and cybersecurity incidents.

18The framework is aligned to industry standards including: NIST SPs  
800-53 and 800-171, International Organization for Standardizations (ISO) 
27001, 27702 and 22301, Payment Card Industry Data Security 
Standard (PCI DSS), Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), and the Cloud Security 

Alliance (CSA) program. In addition, the company has received Cyber 
Essential Scheme (CES) certification and ISO 27001 certification for certain 
businesses, complies with the IASME standard, has completed the Cyber 
GRX Tier 3 assessment, and maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors’ CGRC places an emphasis on 
ensuring that Board members demonstrate the right 
leadership traits, personality, work ethic, independence, 
and diversity of background to align with Honeywell’s 
performance culture and long-term strategic vision. 

When identifying Board candidates, the CGRC requires 
that qualified candidates who are diverse with respect 
to race, ethnicity, and/or gender are included in the 
pool from which any new director nominee is selected, 
and that one or more diverse candidates have been 
interviewed before a successful candidate is identified. 
This is to ensure we continue to enhance both the 
diversity of the Board and the perspectives and values 
that are discussed in Board and committee meetings. 

The Board uses a skills and experience matrix to 
facilitate the review of our directors’ skills versus 
those deemed necessary to oversee the company’s 
current strategy. The skills included in the matrix are 
evaluated against the company’s articulated strategy 
each year so the matrix can serve as an up-to-date 
tool for identifying director nominees who collectively 
possess the complementary experience, qualifications, 
skills, and attributes to guide the company.

19BOARD OVERSIGHT OF ESG
The Board and the CGRC proactively oversee the company’s overall 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance. The CGRC 
has responsibility for reviewing Honeywell’s ESG performance, strategies, 
goals, and objectives, monitoring ESG risks and opportunities, and 
overseeing ESG disclosure. Each Board committee then has oversight 
responsibility over discrete ESG risk and opportunity areas as delegated 

OVERSIGHT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

•  Review Overall ESG 

Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC)

by the Board, supported by regular engagement with the senior 
leaders accountable for the respective areas. The Board leverages 
our enterprise risk management program and strategic planning 
process to identify and prioritize ESG risks and opportunities, assess 
the company’s performance, and monitor risk mitigation efforts.

Performance

•  Monitor ESG Risks 
and Opportunities

•  Oversee ESG 
Disclosure

Oversight of Discrete ESG 
Risk and Opportunities 

CGRC
•  Environmental

•  Health

•  Safety

•  Climate

•  Remediation

•  Political Engagement

•  Governance

•  Board Diversity and 

Composition

•  Integrity and Compliance

Audit Committee
•  Tax

•  Financial Controls

•  Enterprise Risk

•  Litigation/Controversies

•  Raw Materials Sourcing

•  Product Safety 
and Integrity

•  Supply Chain

•  Cybersecurity

Management Development 
and Compensation 
Committee
•  Human Capital 
Management

•  Inclusion and Diversity

•  Labor Practices

•  Culture

•  Compensation

•  Workplace Respect

Management with 
Accountability and 
Regular, Direct Reporting 
to Responsible Board 
Committee on ESG Topics

•  Chief Sustainability Officer

•  SVP, Chief Financial Officer

•  Corporate Secretary and 
Chief Compliance Officer

•  SVP, Enterprise 
Transformation

•  SVP, Chief Human 
Resources Officer

•  Chief Diversity Officer 

•  Senior Vice President, 
Global Government 
Relations

•  VP and General 
Counsel, ESG 

•  SVP, General Counsel

•  VP, Corporate Audit

•  Chief Information and 

Product Security Officer

•  VP, Controller

•  VP, Tax

•  Chief Supply Chain Officer

20ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board uses an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program as a 
key tool for understanding the range of risks facing Honeywell, as well as 
assessing whether management’s processes, procedures, and practices 
for mitigating those risks are effective. The ERM assessment deployed 
by management is robust, based on both an enterprise-wide “top down” 
and “bottom up” view of commercial, strategic, legal, compliance, 
cyber, and reputational risks, and the strategies that are in place to 
mitigate those risks. The ERM framework also incorporates ESG risks 
and opportunities, enabling a thorough assessment of the company’s 
performance across the ESG landscape. The Vice President and staff 
of the Corporate Audit Department, and the Vice President and General 
Counsel, ESG, facilitate the ERM program and are primarily responsible 
for the annual assessment. The Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer and the Senior Vice President and General Counsel review ERM 
results with the full Board, CGRC and Audit Committee each year.

SHAREOWNER ENGAGEMENT
Honeywell maintains a robust shareowner engagement program that 
features year-round opportunities for its Board and senior management, 
including our independent lead director and executive officers, to 
engage in dialogue with key stakeholders. Based on this dialogue, 
we have implemented actions over the last several years to increase 
shareowner rights, enhance the Board’s structure, increase transparency, 
and augment our commitment to sustainability and corporate 
responsibility. Our shareowner engagement program has covered 
topics such as our business strategy, comprehensive portfolio review, 
corporate governance practices, executive compensation programs, 
CEO succession, political lobbying disclosures, inclusion and diversity, 
human capital management, sustainability, and social responsibility.

21during the program’s kickoff meeting in which she emphasized the 
Board’s vested interest in seeing this initiative succeed. In 2021, the 
company launched a Diversity Career Advancement Program that is 
designed to achieve similarly important outcomes for people of color.

CONGRATULATIONS 
ROBIN AND 
DEBORAH

Working at Honeywell requires fully embracing Inclusion and Diversity, 
and that mindset starts with the Board of Directors and executive 
leadership team. (More than half of the company’s most senior 
officers are diverse by ethnic background, non-U.S. place of birth, 
or gender.) That support influences Honeywell’s evolving business 
strategy and drive to hire, develop, and retain top, diverse talent.

Honeywell and its Board of Directors are proud 
to congratulate outstanding Board members 
Robin Washington and Deborah Flintn on their 
inclusion on Savoy’s 2021 list of Most Influential 
Black Corporate Directors. 

Inclusion and Diversity is a foundational principle at 
Honeywell and our commitment starts at the top.

Robin Washington

Deborah Flint

CELEBRATING DIVERSITY ON OUR BOARD
Savoy Magazine named Honeywell Board Members Robin Washington and 
Deborah Flint to its list of 2021 Most Influential Black Corporate Directors.

This listing recognized an elite cohort of African American men and women 
with an exceptional track record contributing leadership to corporate boards.

Washington previously served as the Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Fortune 500 research-
based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and 
commercializes innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical 
need. In this role, she oversaw the company’s Investor Relations, 
Global Finance, and Information Technology organizations.

Flint is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Greater 
Toronto Airports Authority. She serves as a director on the Airport 
Council International World Board and is the Board Chair of 
the World Standing Safety and Technical Committee.

“We believe any meaningful policy involving inclusion and diversity must 
begin at the top,” said Anne Madden, who has helped lead Honeywell’s 
commitment to maintaining an inclusive and diverse culture since 
becoming Senior Vice President and General Counsel in 2017. “Our 
Board, comprised of three women, two Hispanic, and two African 
American directors, provides the company with a balanced approach to 
developing a strategic, long-term vision that is both fair and inclusive.”

Honeywell launched its Women’s Advancement Program in 2019, 
which focuses on each participant’s career advancement and seeks 
to empower them through workplace training and development 
opportunities and by expanding their internal networks for promotional 
opportunities. In 2020, Ms. Washington delivered a keynote address

22SUPPLY CHAIN
We believe responsible supply chain management is critical to 
upholding our commitment to integrity and compliance, mitigating 
financial risk, and acting as a good corporate citizen.

Honeywell’s Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) activities are managed 
by a global team of seasoned professionals with expertise in risk 
management, procurement, supply management, operations 
management, logistics, and supply chain performance optimization. 
Our management structure ensures we have the necessary expertise 
to support the broad scope of our supply chain operations. 

Supply Chain Integrity: Roles and Responsibilities

Chief 
Executive 
Officer

Senior VP and 
Chief Supply 
Chain Officer

VP and Chief 
Procurement 
Officer

Overall responsibility for 
procurement, supplier risk 
monitoring and mitigation, 
supplier social responsibility, 
and supplier adherence 
to the Code of Conduct

Senior VP 
and General 
Counsel

VP and General 
Counsel, 
Supply Chain

Overall responsibility 
for legal compliance of 
suppliers, including setting 
standardized contract 
language to ensure 
compliance with legal and 
Honeywell requirements

Global Team of Procurement Specialists

23LABOR AND 
HUMAN RIGHTS

HEALTH 
AND SAFETY

ENVIRONMENT

INTEGRITY AND 
COMPLIANCE

MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEMS

Supplier Code of Business Conduct

Key elements of our Supplier Code include:

Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct sets forth its 
commitment to Integrity and Compliance within its global supply 
chain. We expect all our suppliers to adhere to the Supplier Code and 
ensure these requirements are met within their supply chain. Supplier 
adherence is a key consideration when we make sourcing decisions. 

Honeywell expects its suppliers to:

• Provide their employees with a safe working environment

• Treat their workers with dignity and respect

• Engage in environmentally sound and sustainable manufacturing processes

• Comply with the law in all countries in which they conduct business

• Foster a culture in which employees and managers can communicate 

openly and raise concerns without fear of retaliation, intimidation, 
or harassment

• Labor and Human Rights - including fair treatment of 

employees, no child or involuntary labor, fair wages and benefits, 
subcontractor compliance, and acceptable living conditions 

• Health and Safety - including occupational safety, emergency 

preparedness, and sanitation

• Environmental - including environmental permits, waste, and 
pollution management, labeling and warning requirements, 
hazardous substance management and reporting and 
appropriate programs to understand and mitigate greenhouse 
gas emissions in their operations, facilities, and supply chain

• Integrity and Compliance - including books and recordkeeping, 
business integrity, protection of intellectual property, substance 
abuse, responsible sourcing of minerals, and quality

• Management Systems - including management accountability, 
risk management, training, standards, audits, and assessments

24We expect our suppliers to integrate environmental responsibility 
into their operations and minimize adverse effects on the 
community, environment, and natural resources, while 
safeguarding the health and safety of workers and the public. 

The Supplier Code is upheld through regular monitoring of our suppliers’ 
quality, ethics, and manufacturing practices. When a supplier is found 
to be in violation of any Honeywell standard, they are either removed 
or guided and monitored to achieve an acceptable performance 
level. If the violation is related to unethical or illegal activities, the 
supplier is permanently removed as a viable supply source.

Supplier Diversity

We are committed to supporting diversity in everything we do – from 
the talent we hire to the suppliers with whom we work. Our Supplier 
Diversity Program supports suppliers in pioneering creative solutions, 
driving innovation, and creating competition in the marketplace.

25Each of our strategic businesses annually selects a group of suppliers to 
audit. The audits are prioritized by high-risk categories and include, but are 
not limited to: 

• High-risk territories on a variety of risk factors including corruption and 

human trafficking 

• High-risk industries 

• Poor regulatory environments 

Audits are performed by a qualified third party using a standardized 
assessment that incorporates the requirements of our Supplier Code. This 
process includes conducting thorough onsite audits and preparing detailed 
audit reports. 

Corrective action plans are required for any gaps identified in audit results 
and are assigned an owner who consistently monitors progress against 
agreed upon timelines with the expectation that nonconformance items will 
be fully resolved. Significant findings may lead to the immediate removal of a 
supplier from Honeywell’s approved supplier list.

Examples of significant findings might include:

Labor and Human Rights - Excessive overtime; unpaid hours; 
improper payroll records; and recruitment discrimination

Health and Safety – No health permits or health audits; 
blocked, unmarked, or unlighted emergency exits; and 
improper or no personal protective equipment

Environmental – Missing or expired permits; hazardous 
waste discharge; and improper chemical storage

Supplier Assessments and Auditing

Honeywell has established standardized policies and processes 
to evaluate suppliers prior to selection, including detailed 
compliance checks and rating assessments encompassing 
supply chain risk management. All new suppliers must pass this 
assessment process prior to contracting with Honeywell.

Additionally, Honeywell uses robust contract terms and conditions 
language to ensure all suppliers meet regulatory requirements 
and commit to adhere to our strict Supplier Code.

26Critical Materials

As a manufacturer of electronic equipment, many of our products 
require the use of critical materials, such as fluorspar, precious metals, 
minor metals, and rare earth materials. We recognize that there is 
inherent risk associated with such materials, including potential supply 
issues, lack of available substitutes, increased global demand driving 
heightened competition, and impacts from geopolitical uncertainty. 

We take a multifaceted approach to risk mitigation to 
ensure product availability, manage price increases, 
and manage supply risk. For example, we:

• Practice hedging, forward-buying, and lock-pricing to ensure 
continued supply and pricing stability of critical materials 

• Monitor geopolitical trends through a tool for universal 

grading of active production suppliers

• Conduct financial risk assessments using Dun & Bradstreet 

• Secure multiple sources for material where possible 

• Recycle critical minerals or rare earth elements 

Conflict Minerals 

Honeywell is committed to the responsible sourcing of tantalum, 
tin, tungsten, and gold (3TG) throughout our global supply chain 
and compliance with the “conflict minerals” disclosure requirements 
implemented by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

Each year, we undertake reasonable due diligence to determine if any of 
our products contain 3TG originating in the Democratic Republic of Congo 
and bordering countries. Selected 3TG suppliers participate in an annual 
Conflict Minerals Reporting Template survey conducted by Honeywell 
that asks if they are following ethical practices and using valid sources 
to procure the materials. We then file a public report with the SEC on the 
outcome of the 3TG inquiries and the potential use of 3TG in our products.

Employee Training

Honeywell is committed to properly training our procurement employees 
to better enable them to uphold our standards when sourcing materials. 
We have developed robust curricula tailored to specific types of jobs. 
Several training modules are mandatory. In addition to deploying training 
on standard procurement practices, employees are also educated 
on supplier risk management, conflicts of interest, code of conduct, 
governance, and all applicable Honeywell procurement policies.

27PRODUCT INTEGRITY
Honeywell maintains extensive product and service safety programs 
across the enterprises, focusing on quality and safety throughout the 
product lifecycle, from design to manufacture to the marketplace. Each 
Strategic Business Unit (SBU) drives safety processes through:

• An extensive safety policy with objectives, 

accountability, and responsibilities assigned 

• Safety risk management, which includes hazard 
identification and risk assessment and control 

• Safety assurance to monitor and assess performance 

• Safety promotion by engaging in formal training 

programs and communication 

The Engineering, Quality, Technology, and Research & Development 
teams within Honeywell’s SBUs use development phase gates to assess 
new offerings’ safety and quality, and work closely with the company’s 
Regulatory, Product Stewardship, and Legal functions to properly 
address relevant regulatory, labeling, and marketing requirements.

Due to the diversified product offerings across the enterprise, quality 
and safety programs are tailored to specific regulatory guidelines and 
jurisdictional rules. Risk assessments are conducted throughout Honeywell’s 
operations as products are developed, introduced, and produced. 

To ensure Honeywell’s products and services meet the highest standards, 
employees receive regular training, products and services are monitored 
for safety, and emergency response procedures are regularly tested.

28For example:

• Honeywell Aerospace’s safety and integrity initiatives are administered by 
the Product Integrity, Product Assurance & Chief Engineering function. 

 - This function is run in parallel, but independently, to the SBU’s other 

businesses to avoid apparent conflicts of interests, while safeguarding 
its commitment to safety and integrity.

 - Honeywell Aerospace’s Safety Management System is used in the 

Design & Certification Process, Production Systems and Continued 
Airworthiness Management, and governs processes, procedures, 
personal, equipment, and facilities standards.

 - As part of the Safety Management System, Honeywell identifies the 

customer and regulatory requirements, including AS9100 standards, 
and the approved product design requirements.

• Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) 

safety programs provide a comprehensive framework to drive 
continuous improvement in product safety and stewardship.

 - Among other things, PMT integrates health and safety considerations 
into all aspects of its business, with a focus on driving compliance with 
all applicable regulations.

• In dealing with product and service safety risk assessments, product/
service objectives or targets, and regular external product/service 
safety audits, Honeywell Building Technologies (HBT) drives success 
by focusing on quality and safety through the product lifecycle.

 - HBT aligns the Engineering, Quality and Safety teams with the design 
and manufacturing teams to provide pre-product-launch approvals.

 - Using key metrics such as First Pass Yield, which monitors the 
robustness of the manufacturing processes, customer field-
performance metrics, and the business unit’s Product Safety Global 
Procedure QP-PSC-01, which addresses potential safety issues as 
they arise in pre/post launch testing, all help to ensure a rigorous and 
scientific approach to quality and safety.

29• Honeywell Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) offers a broad 

• Product assurance and safety is a key part of Honeywell Connected 

suite of products, services, and solutions with a focus on automation, 
productivity, and safety. SPS cross-functional teams of engineers, 
scientists, and product-stewardship professionals use a phase-
gate approach to bring new offerings to market, and SPS legal and 
regulatory teams are integrated in product development to bring 
a continued focus on compliance with applicable regulations.

Enterprise’s software release management process. Product 
compliance, engineering, and product management teams 
conduct a software assurance review using standardized checklists 
and methodology to evaluate all software products. Software 
goes through a testing and quality management process before 
release and is consistently updated through its lifecycle.

30Honeywell is committed to providing transparent disclosure 
of political contributions and lobbying activities. Based 
on feedback from stakeholders, Honeywell has continued 
to enhance its political engagement disclosures. The 
Center for Political Accountability now rates Honeywell as 
a “Trendsetter” among first-tier companies, and in 2020, 
Honeywell was one of only 12 companies in the S&P 500 
that received a Center for Political Accountability score of 
100%. Disclosures are available at investor.honeywell.com. 

When considering what to include in disclosures, Honeywell 
makes every effort to be accurate and comprehensive 
while considering the perspective of the company’s largest 
shareowners. Disclosures include explanations of the 
company’s rationale for engaging in the political process, 
identifying top legislative and regulatory priorities, and 
defining governance processes. The company’s disclosures 
also address:

• The use of corporate funds for political contributions and 
contributions to tax-exempt organizations that may use 
funds for political purposes.

• Details regarding Honeywell’s exclusively employee-
funded political action committee, the Honeywell 
International Political Action Committee (HIPAC), including 
its disbursements.

• Streamlined and direct access to federal, state and local 

lobbying reports.

POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND 
TRADE ASSOCIATIONS

Engagement in the political process is critical to Honeywell’s success. The company’s 
future growth depends on forward-thinking legislation and regulation that makes society 
safer, more energy efficient and improves public infrastructure. The company strives to 
engage responsibly in the political process and to ensure that its participation is consistent 
with all applicable laws and regulations, its principles of good governance, and its high 
standards of ethical conduct.

31In 2020, Honeywell further enhanced its disclosures to include a list 
of trade associations receiving memberships dues of $50,000 or more 
from Honeywell annually and the corresponding nondeductible portion 
of the dues.

The Law Department oversees the company’s lobbying activities. 
Honeywell’s Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, reports 
to the Senior Vice President and General Counsel and works closely with 
the Vice President and General Counsel, ESG, whose organization ensures 
compliance with our political spending policy. The company’s Senior 
Vice President and General Counsel; its Senior Vice President, Global 
Government Relations; and Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance 
Officer meet regularly with Honeywell’s Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer and his leadership team to review legislative, regulatory, and 
political developments.

Honeywell’s public policy efforts, including all lobbying activities, 
political contributions, and payments to trade associations and other 
tax-exempt organizations, are the responsibility of the Board’s Corporate 
Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC), which consists entirely 
of independent, nonemployee directors. Each year, the CGRC receives 
an annual report on the company’s policies and practices regarding 
political contributions.

The Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, also reports to the 
CGRC each year on trade association memberships and to the full Board 
on the global lobbying and government relations program. The CGRC’s 
oversight of the company’s political activities ensures compliance with 
applicable law and alignment with its policies, strategic priorities, Code of 
Business Conduct, and values.

In 2020, the company established an Advisory Board of leaders 
representing a cross-section of Honeywell who meet regularly to review 
proposed HIPAC disbursements to assess alignment with Honeywell’s 
foundational principles: Integrity and Ethics, Inclusion and Diversity, 
and Workplace Respect. The Advisory Board meets at the start of each 
Congress, and at least quarterly thereafter, to determine whether proposed 
recipients of HIPAC funding are eligible in alignment with Honeywell’s 
foundational values.

Advisory Board decisions are documented and reported quarterly to 
the HIPAC Board of Directors and to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO. 
Honeywell’s Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, also 
includes notable Advisory Board decisions in his annual report to the CGRC.

32OUR 
CULTURE

33OUR BEHAVIORS

34INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY
Working at Honeywell requires fully embracing Inclusion and 
Diversity (I&D). The company’s Board of Directors believes that its 
diversity and the diversity of the company’s executive leadership 
(more than half of the company’s executive officers are diverse by 
ethnic background, non-U.S. place of birth, or gender) supports its 
evolving business strategy and is a testament to Honeywell’s ongoing 
commitment to hiring, developing, and retaining diverse talent.

The company’s commitment to I&D enables better decision-making, helps 
build competitive advantages, and furthers long-term success. I&D is one 
of our foundational principles, and Honeywell expects all employees to 
exemplify those principles. 

For 2021, Honeywell appointed a Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer and 
has I&D leaders for each business unit focusing on three key priorities:

Representation

• Cultivate a workforce that reflects our communities and the world

• Sustain a pipeline of diverse talent from campus to the C-Suite

• Promote a culture of inclusion, accessibility, and respect

Retention

• Create employee development and advancement opportunities

• Foster community engagement and belonging 

• Offer competitive compensation, rewards, and recognition

Recognition

• Be a global employer of choice for I&D

• Leverage our culture as a competitive advantage

• Lead on I&D practices

35These initiatives build on those introduced in 2020 to promote racial 
equality and I&D, which included:

• Facilitating the introduction of these new Employee Networks to reflect the 

diverse characteristics of Honeywell’s workforce

• Reinforcing Honeywell’s commitment to I&D and its zero-tolerance policy 

on discrimination in a video featuring the Chairman and CEO with the 
Senior Vice President and General Counsel, as well as through a series of 
town hall meetings conducted company-wide; the company continues 
to emphasize this message through training programs and regular 
communications

• Deploying mandatory unconscious bias training to our global workforce to 

educate and influence behavior

• Entering into a five-year corporate sponsorship with the National Museum 
of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C., which is a 
part of the Smithsonian Institution and hosts millions of visitors each 
year; this partnership enables robust learning and virtual volunteering 
opportunities for Honeywell employees of all races and backgrounds

• Sponsoring the Carolina Youth Coalition, a nonprofit organization 

that prepares high-achieving, under-resourced high school 
students to get into, excel at, and graduate from college

• Establishing a Global I&D Steering Committee co-sponsored by 

• Continuing to expand recruitment efforts at diversity conferences and 

Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO

historically Black colleges and universities

• Fortifying Honeywell’s I&D governance structure by embedding 
I&D Councils in each business group, providing a scalable model 
that supports the company’s six affinity group Employee Networks 
which are open to all employees in support of women, Black, 
Hispanic, veteran, LGBTQ+, and employees with disabilities

• Establishing 2021 goals for each direct CEO staff officer that includes 
an annual objective of driving diversity within his or her organization

GLOBAL WORKFORCE

U.S. WORKFORCE

2018

2019

2020

28.7%

28.9%

29.4%

71.3%

71.1%

70.6%

28.1%

29.4%

33.4%

2018

2019

2020

71.9%

70.6%

66.6%

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

Women

Men

People of Color

White

As of December 31, 2020. Excludes Sandia National Laboratories (Sandia) and Kansas City National Security Campus (KCNSC) workforces. Sandia and KCNSC are 
U.S. Department of Energy facilities. Honeywell manages these facilities as a contract operator but does not establish or control their human resources policies.

36Strategic Partnerships

Honeywell is involved with a range of external professional organizations, 
including the Society of Women Engineers, the National Society of Black 
Engineers, the Society of Hispanic Engineers, the Anita Borg Institute, 
Catalyst, the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity, and Disability:IN. 
In 2019, the company launched its partnership with the Executive 
Leadership Council, an organization that supports the development 
of global Black leaders by delivering programs for Black employees to 
develop skills for executive and C-suite roles. Honeywell also partners with 
top academic institutions for their quality of programs and commitment 
to creating a diverse student population and future workforce.

Business Operations

From the C-suite to the shop floor, the company’s leaders are expected 
to exemplify behaviors that promote an open, inclusive, and accessible 
culture. This includes embedding I&D into all of our systems and 
processes, ensuring our operations are conducted in local markets 
and languages, and supporting our Supplier Diversity Program.

TALENT ACQUISITION AND DEVELOPMENT
Honeywell’s I&D talent strategy focuses on five key pillars, and we 
are driving a number of strategic initiatives behind each one.

Talent Acquisition 

Honeywell provides training and resources to hiring managers to reinforce 
their role in bringing diverse talent into the organization. The company 
applies a “diversity of slate” requirement when hiring for any exempt role 
in the U.S. or for any management, professional, or senior administrative 
role globally. This means that all managers must interview at least one 
diverse candidate when hiring for these roles, and any exception must be 
reported to the responsible Human Resources leader for approval prior 
to filling the position. Senior management monitors compliance through 
diversity scorecards. This approach helps ensure that women and people 
of color are represented as the company selects the best candidate.

Talent Management 

Honeywell launched its Women’s Advancement Program in 2019, 
which focuses on each participant’s career advancement and seeks 
to empower each class of women through workplace training and 
development opportunities, as well as by expanding their internal 
networks for promotional opportunities. In 2021, the company 
launched a Diversity Career Advancement Program that is designed 
to achieve similarly important outcomes for people of color.

Branding and Communication

To attract and retain diverse talent, the company aims to showcase its 
culture and values as well as its commitment to inclusion and diversity. 
The company’s #futureshapers brand campaign continues to focus on 
storytelling by a highly diverse array of Honeywell employees and seeks 
to humanize the brand by authentically tying innovative solutions and 
technologies back to talented teammates and their work at Honeywell.

37COVID-19 RESPONSE
HONEYWELL LENDS EXPERTISE TO HELP BATTLE PANDEMIC

In January 2021, Honeywell, Atrium 
Health, Tepper Sports & Entertainment, 
and Charlotte Motor Speedway pooled 
their respective expertise to stage mass 
COVID-19 vaccination events in and 
around Charlotte, North Carolina, providing 
shots to tens of thousands of people. 

Honeywell leveraged some of its leading productivity and supply chain 
automation solutions, usually deployed in warehouse and distribution 
center operations used by large e-commerce and retail companies, to 
expedite data management and traffic flow. Honeywell video management 
systems and video analytics used artificial intelligence to count cars and 
people to predict and improve patient wait time and determine staffing 
needs. Combined, these technologies helped lessen bottlenecks, reduced 
waiting times, and increased the doses administered at each site.

3839Torsten Pilz: Creating a Playbook 
to Combat COVID-19
The collaboration between Honeywell, Atrium 
Health, Tepper Sports & Entertainment, and 
Charlotte Motor Speedway resulted in a blueprint 
for other communities to follow in the fight against 
the pandemic. Titled “A Leader's Guide to Safe, Fast 
and Equitable Community Vaccination Events,” 
the playbook provided best practices on planning, 
organizing, and conducting mass vaccinations in an 
accelerated, efficient manner.

Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief Supply 
Chain Officer Torsten Pilz was charged with bringing 
the company’s logistics expertise and cutting-edge 
technology to bear on the design of these clinics.

During multi-day vaccination events at Bank of 
America Stadium and Charlotte Motor Speedway, 
two of the largest sporting venues in North Carolina, 
the partners efficiently and safely enabled about 
150,000 people to get vaccinated at a rate of nearly 
1,500 shots per hour. The average time from start 
to finish for the process was approximately 25-30 
minutes per person, including the U.S. Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention-recommended 
observation time of 15-30 minutes.

These clinics were among the largest vaccination 
events in the U.S. and the largest in North Carolina, 
based on patient throughput.

Pilz discussed the impact of the clinics and 
Honeywell’s role in making them happen.

“I feel like we’ve trained 
for a lifetime for 
something like this.”

– Torsten Pilz,  
Honeywell Senior Vice President  
and Chief Supply Chain Officer

40What did Honeywell bring to the table in this partnership?

We had about 30 people in my division adapt the software and systems 
to meet Atrium Health’s vaccination needs. We provided the technology 
to monitor queuing, to measure patient wait times, and to automate the 
data entry into the systems, which had been done manually. We sped up 
the process by industrializing it. That's probably the best way to put it. If 
you want to vaccinate over 10,000 people in one day, that is essentially a 
thousand people an hour. 

Did you have any concerns it wouldn’t go as planned?

Not really. Much of the process was just basic industrial engineering and 
the application of well-known manufacturing operating principles. A few 
seconds saved here and there on vaccine distribution may not feel all that 
meaningful, but those seconds add up to extra minutes per visit, and the 
minutes add up to hours when spread out over thousands of people.

Were there any surprises?

As a matter of fact, we had set up crowd-control ropes — like at Disney 
World — for the Bank of America Stadium event, but we didn’t need 
them. The whole system moved so efficiently, people showed up at their 
designated times and just walked right through. In fact, I understand one 
person said the only thing that could have made the experience better is if 
our volunteer staff also rotated his car tires and changed the oil while he was 
getting vaccinated.

What about at the Charlotte Motor Speedway?

The entire system was designed so that no one ever had to leave their car. 
That sped up the process as one rolls through from registration to the 12 
lines into the speedway garage for administration, getting the actual shot 
and then on to the holding area for observation. It also significantly reduced 
chances for exposure to the virus while people were getting vaccinated.

Why were these events so important?

We needed to get back to living our lives again, and this was the fastest 
way to get people vaccinated. Our events were a great example of how 
technology can be used for social good with a combination of public and 
private partnerships that create an effective and efficient system.

41Saving Lives and Livelihoods: Honeywell Steps Up Its 
Fight Against the Effects of COVID in India

By May 2021, India was reporting approximately 400,000 
COVID-19 cases and 4,000 deaths per day. The country’s 
healthcare system was reeling and the potential for additional 
spikes created an unprecedented humanitarian crisis. 

Honeywell responded by airlifting N95 respirators, ventilators, medical 
supplies, and additional personal protective equipment (PPE) to 
support healthcare workers and the people relying on them.

The company created care centers in Gurugram, Delhi, Nainital, 
Pune, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, and Haryana equipped with 
beds, oxygen, PPE kits, medical supplies, and basic medical 
infrastructure for treating non-critical patients.

Honeywell also built intensive care units in Mumbai and Bengaluru 
as well as critical care centers in Maharashtra and Karnataka with 
the equipment necessary to support critical COVID patients.

“Honeywell is honored to collaborate with the government on 
initiatives of national interest and we continue working with 
several state governments to enhance healthcare capacities,” 
said Ashish Gaikwad, President Honeywell India. 

“It is heartening to see companies like Honeywell stepping 
forward to augment health infrastructure in the city,” said Dr. 
C.N. Ashwathnarayan, Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka. 

42Once operational, the facilities were turned over to local, state, or 
hospital authorities for operation and maintenance. Honeywell 
also provided much needed food assistance to communities.

One of the biggest challenges facing the country: providing enough oxygen 
to meet patient demand. Honeywell developed 10 pressure swing adsorption 
medical oxygen plants to supply medical grade oxygen to hospitals.

India’s government emphasized “saving lives and livelihoods” as an 
important priority throughout the pandemic to aid the country’s 
recovery once the pandemic subsides. To assist, Honeywell 
Hometown Solutions India Foundation, the company’s nonprofit 
arm in the country, launched five campaigns to bolster India’s health 
infrastructure, empower communities, and restore livelihoods. 

They focused on: 

• Education and skill development

• Gender equality

• Natural resource and environment

• Holistic rural development

• Disaster management

In all, Honeywell has committed approximately $3 million to helping India 
contend with the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuing humanitarian crisis.

43HEALTH, SAFETY, 
AND THE 
ENVIRONMENT

44Honeywell’s health, safety, and environment (HSE) programs are 
managed by a global team of trained professionals with extensive 
knowledge and collective experience in occupational health, 
chemistry, hydrology, geology, engineering, safety, industrial 
hygiene, materials management, and energy efficiency.

By integrating HSE considerations into all aspects of its business, Honeywell’s Sustainable Opportunity Policy:

PROTECTS ITS PEOPLE AND 
THE ENVIRONMENT

ACHIEVES SUSTAINABLE 
GROWTH AND ACCELERATED 
PRODUCTIVITY

DRIVES COMPLIANCE 
WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
REGULATIONS

DEVELOPS TECHNOLOGIES 
THAT EXPAND THE 
SUSTAINABLE CAPACITY OF 
OUR WORLD

45Governance

The Health, Safety, Environment, Product Stewardship, and 
Sustainability (HSEPS) organization, led by our Chief Sustainability 
Officer, comprises functions focused on workplace safety and 
health, environmental performance, regulatory compliance, 
and risk, including risk related to climate change. 

Honeywell’s commitment to health, safety, and the environment is 
outlined in our Sustainable Opportunity Policy. This policy is deliberately 
and directly embedded into our companywide operating system, a 
blueprint for continuous operational improvement, and is the foundational 
policy for our HSEPS Management System. Endorsed annually by 
our Chairman and CEO and senior leadership, the policy is posted in 
every facility and communicated to all employees and contractors.

Health, safety, and environmental considerations are embedded into 
every business within Honeywell via our comprehensive management 
system based on recognized third-party standards, including ISO 
14001 (the international standard that specifies requirements for 
an effective environmental management system) and ISO 45001 
(which specifies requirements for an occupational health and 
safety management system), as well as industry best practices. 

Since 2004, all Honeywell sites have been required to implement an HSE 
Management System founded on common core principles. One key element 
involves reporting HSE-related incidents such as injuries and environmental 
events via a comprehensive management system software solution.

46Honeywell’s HSEPS Management System encompasses 18 core standards 
that require the company’s businesses to identify HSEPS legal requirements 
and goals, set clear objectives for improvement, and maintain programs 
designed to achieve those objectives. In addition, Honeywell has developed 
detailed operational controls in approximately 90 specific areas that 
prescribe required management elements. All Honeywell facilities are 
required to comply with both these operational controls and any applicable 
legal requirements. Areas in which specific operational controls are 
required are listed on our website and include safety, industrial hygiene, 
loss prevention, environment, health, product stewardship, transportation 
safety, process safety management, construction safety, and remediation.

Compliance with standards and regulatory requirements is monitored 
through a companywide audit process. A team of independent HSEPS-
led internal and external subject matter experts conduct the audits and 

focus on verification of requirements and continuous improvement. When 
the requirements are not met, corrective action plans are developed, 
implemented, and monitored through our centralized management system. 

Climate-related risk is monitored as part of our overall HSEPS risk 
management. Our Chief Sustainability Officer monitors emerging 
developments for climate-related risks through a quarterly assessment 
process. The climate-specific assessment is then evaluated in the 
context of identifying the company's material risks for disclosure 
and enterprise risk management purposes and incorporated 
into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. 

In conjunction with and as part of our HSEPS Management System, 
we have a process for specifically tracking emerging regulatory 
changes and their impact on business operations, sales markets, and 
costs of doing business which includes climate-related impacts. 

47Each of our businesses is also required to prepare asset-level Business 
Resilience and Emergency Response plans that consider, among other 
risks, the impact of severe weather events on our manufacturing assets and 
supply chains. Our emergency planning procedures are developed based on 
site risk assessments where physical risks are assessed including worldwide 
assessments of natural hazard exposures. 

The results of the ERM program, the HSEPS-led assessments, emergency 
planning, and our processes for monitoring emerging regulatory changes 
are evaluated to determine whether any of the identified risks have the 
potential to generate a substantive change in our business operations, 
revenue, or expenditures.

Honeywell’s operating system, which drives sustainable improvements 
and the elimination of waste in manufacturing operations in an effort to 
generate exceptional performance, is a critical component in how we think 
about sustainability. The operating system is a lean-based manufacturing 
system with roles and ownership for all employees from the plant floor to the 
boardroom to engage in careful planning and analysis, continuous employee 
engagement in improvement, and thorough follow-through. 

We launched our revitalized operating system in September 2021. Called 
Honeywell Accelerator, it is intended to provide us the robust framework, 
toolkit, and learning environment to fuel our transformation into a premier 
technology company and ensure work across the company gets done faster 
and more efficiently, the Honeywell way.

Honeywell has built sustainability directly into our operating system, so the 
tools, personnel, activities, and culture are used to drive sustainability with 
the same focus used to propel other critical operational objectives such 
as quality, delivery, inventory, and cost. This ensures sustainability is an 
integrated and essential part of the Honeywell work experience every day. In 
addition, progress on our sustainability program is a factor in determining 
annual incentive compensation for senior leadership.

48OUR RESULTS

>90%

reduction in Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
intensity since 2004

~70%

energy efficiency 
improvement 
since 2004

CO2

5,700

sustainability projects 
completed since 
2010, saving an 
annualized $100M

155

million gallons of water 
saved in water-stressed 
regions since 2013 from 
more than 170 projects

0.29

total case incident rate 
(TCIR), a safety record 
over 4x better than 
the weighted average 
TCIR of the industries 
in which we operate

~3,000

acres remediated and 
restored as valuable 
community assets

49Certifications

In addition to complying with our own strict standards, many of our 
manufacturing sites have also obtained third-party certifications for 
management systems relating to quality, occupational health and safety, 
and the environment. 

~91%

ISO 9001 / AS 9100

~34%

~32%

ISO 45001 / OHSAS 18001 / VPP

ISO 14001 / RC 14001

9LOCATIONS

In addition to these 
certifications, nine 
Honeywell locations 
have achieved ISO 
50001, the global 
energy management 
systems standard 
for establishing, 
implementing, and 
maintaining and 
improving energy 
management.

Find details on Safety and 
Sustainability recognition 
Honeywell received on our website.

50Emergency Preparedness

Emergency Management Plans are required 
everywhere we operate. As part of the plan 
development process, emergency scenarios 
are evaluated to anticipate, prevent, and 
minimize risks from potential emergencies. 

Key community-related elements include:

• Communicating with employees, contractors, 

visitors, relevant emergency response 
services, government authorities, and 
the local community as appropriate

• Annual engagement with external emergency 

response providers and local emergency 
planning committees to discuss coordination, 
participation, and feedback on potential 
emergency response activities

• A process for responding to raw material, product, 

process, and waste material transportation incidents 
that could occur away from operating locations

• Forums for open dialogue between the community 
and business representatives to discuss health and 
safety considerations affecting the community

In addition, relevant interested parties – including 
customers, neighboring facilities, government 
partners, and other stakeholders – are consulted 
about matters pertaining to the HSEPS Management 
System. We also participate in mutual engagement 
programs and best practice-sharing activities 
with other organizations as appropriate.

51HEALTH AND SAFETY
The safety of our employees, contractors, and partners is our top priority. 
We use our lean-based operating system approach to drive improvements 
in our safety record.

To establish a uniform standard for evaluation, Honeywell requires all 
global facilities to report occupational injuries and illnesses pursuant to 
U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requirements. 
We also require our facilities to follow any other reporting requirements in 
their jurisdictions. 

HONEYWELL’S 
SAFETY RECORD 
IS MORE THAN 
FOUR TIMES 
BETTER THAN 
THE AVERAGE 
OF INDUSTRIES 
IN WHICH WE 
OPERATE

52Based on this data, our global Total Case Incident Rate (TCIR, the number of 
occupational injuries and illnesses per 100 employees) was 0.29 at the end 
of 2020.

According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the weighted average TCIR 
of the industries in which Honeywell operates is over 2.0. 

Upon identification of a risk, we implement one or more of the following  
risk-reducing controls: eliminate the activity or chemical usage; switch 
to a lower-risk activity or chemical; install engineered controls; apply 
administrative controls; and institute the use of new or different worker 
personal protective equipment.

Voluntary Protection Program

The OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) promotes effective site-
based safety and health protocols and sets performance-based criteria 
for health and safety management systems. VPP recognizes exemplary 
achievement in the prevention and control of occupational safety and 
health hazards as well as the development, implementation, and continuous 
improvement of their safety and health management system. 

Under VPP, management, labor, and OSHA work cooperatively and 
proactively to prevent fatalities, injuries, and illnesses through a system 
focused on hazard prevention and control, worksite analysis, training, 
management commitment, and worker involvement. To participate, 
employers must apply to OSHA and undergo a rigorous on-site evaluation 
by a team of safety and health professionals. To date, 19 Honeywell U.S. 
manufacturing facilities have earned the prestigious VPP STAR recognition, 
which Is the highest level given under the program. 

Protecting the Workforce

Our operating locations rely on comprehensive processes for assessments 
of hazards that could pose a risk to workers, including employees, 
contractors, and visitors. Based on these assessments, risk mitigation 
controls are identified, implemented, and monitored to help ensure 
effective worker protections remain in place. Types of assessments include 
pre-use chemical reviews, personal protective equipment evaluations and 
inspections, procedure checks for reporting adverse effects from chemicals, 
and routine exposure monitoring for certain chemicals known to be present 
in the workplace.

Honeywell Safety Institute

Honeywell has training centers across the globe designed to educate 
workers on how to safely perform tasks in high-risk environments 
such as communications towers, wind turbines, and oil platforms

Every year, our High-Risk Safety business trains more than 5,000 workers 
who serve five markets: oil and gas, utilities and energy, construction, 
commercial building solutions, and heavy metal fabrication. In addition, 
the Honeywell Safety Institute provides online resources and certified 
training programs to both employees and customers around the world.

HONEYWELL 
HAS VPP STAR 
RECOGNITION AT 19 
MANUFACTURING 
SITES IN THE U.S.

53SAFETY EQUIPMENT 
PREVENTS 
‘A REALLY BAD DAY’ 

Honeywell’s Safety and 
Productivity Solutions 
business dedicates a 
tremendous amount 
of resources to help 
customers develop 
and maintain a safety-
first mindset in the 
workplace and beyond.

54“The key to keeping workers safe is to avoid 
injuries in the first place,” said Praveen Reddy, 
Honeywell Personal Protective Equipment 
President. “That begins with establishing cultural 
guidelines that help workers make the right 
decisions and build an atmosphere of trust.”

But the truth is, accidents can still happen. 

That’s why personal protective equipment 
(PPE) is an essential and integral part 
of every industrial safety program. 

“On the days when all the safety policies fail us, 
PPE becomes the last line of defense against 
injury, loss, and even death,” Reddy said.

Bob Bruneau can attest to that.

In December 2020, the scaffold erector for 
Northwest Scaffold in Portland, Oregon, was 
attempting to repair a scaffolding canopy that 
had been damaged by a car. After climbing the 
scaffold, he went to repair a wedge beneath the 
deck, about 10 feet off the ground. But as he 
leaned over the edge, the scaffold’s horizontal 
support failed and Bruneau fell head-first.

Fortunately, he was wearing his Miller by 
Honeywell harness and one-year old Miller® 
TurboLite™ EXTREME Leading Edge Personal 
Fall Limiter, specially designed for working near 
sharp edges and non-overhead anchor points. 

By design, the harness immediately 
reoriented his body, so he was upright by 
the time his self-retracting lifeline fully 
arrested and stopped his fall. Bruneau 
landed on his boots rather than his head.

“When you go to work each day, you never know 
what’s going to happen,” Bruneau said. “That’s 
why it’s important to take every safety precaution. 
I don’t know if that harness saved my life, but 
it sure kept me from having a really bad day.”

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 
scaffolding accidents result in 4,500 injuries 
and over 60 deaths each year. 72% of workers 
injured in scaffold accidents attributed the 
accident to the support giving way, or to 
slipping or being struck by a falling object.

Bruneau added that he doesn’t plan to 
“wear anyone else's gear and completely 
trusts” the Miller protection gear because 
he knows innovative, reliable equipment can 
make a potentially life-saving difference.

55THE ENVIRONMENT
Our commitment to being environmentally responsible is reflected in the 
extensive work we do to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, increase 
energy efficiency, conserve water, minimize waste, and drive efficiency 
throughout our operations. We also champion responsible remediation 
projects and efforts to make our products safer and more sustainable.

Our Environmental Goals

We are proud of the environmental improvements we have achieved to date 
and continue our commitment to make our businesses more sustainable.

• Pledge to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2035

• Five-year “10-10-10” target to, by 2024:

 - Reduce global Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity by an 

additional 10% from 2018 levels

 - Deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities

 - Achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management Standard 

at 10 facilities

EXCEEDED

ACHIEVED 3 YEARS EARLY

GOAL: 
30%  
GHG reduction¹ 

20%
energy efficiency improvement 
2007 – 2011 (2004 baseline)

GOAL: 
15%  
GHG intensity reduction¹ 
2012 – 2016 (2011 baseline)

EXCEEDED

GOAL: 
10%  
GHG intensity reduction¹ 
2014 – 2018 (2013 baseline)

1Scope 1 and Scope 2

56 
Efficiency in Operations

Reducing GHG Emissions

Honeywell reports on its global GHG emissions pursuant to The 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol and reports publicly through CDP (a 
U.K.-based organization that supports companies’ and cities’ 
environmental disclosures) and various regulatory agencies. 

We have received third-party limited assurance per ISO 14064-3 of 
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions annually since 2011.

GHG REPORTING DATA

Scope 1
MT CO2e
Scope 2
MT CO2e

Total

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2,699,554

1,355,420

1,479,149

1,384,849 1,387,727

1,518,875

1,228,457

1,048,843

951,982

860,579

4,218,429

2,583,877

2,527,992

2,336,831 2,248,306

Greenhouse Gas Intensity  
MT CO2e/$M Revenue
The GHG intensity metrics are the sum of our Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions in metric 
tons of carbon dioxide equivalent divided by revenue in million U.S. dollars. Variations in data reported can 
occur due to timing of reporting, and updates to methodologies as newer reporting protocols and emission 
factors are adopted.

107.3

63.4 

63.7

60.5

68.9

Our commitment to drive efficiency and act responsibly is reflected in 
the extensive work we do to make our businesses more environmentally 
friendly, safer, and more sustainable. Our operating system, which 
drives sustainable improvements and the elimination of waste 
in our manufacturing operations, is a critical component in how 
we approach environmental stewardship within Honeywell.

A Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team, led by the Chief 
Sustainability Officer, the Vice President of Global Real Estate and the 
Senior Director of Sustainability, drives the company’s GHG and energy 
efficiency goals and ensures that strategy and performance targets are 
set and monitored. Each of our strategic business units is required to 
establish annual sustainability goals, and performance against these 
goals is monitored by this cross-business, cross-function team. This 
team is responsible for driving sustainability improvements through a 
rigorous process of goal setting, monitoring and measurement, training, 
and best practice sharing. Progress on these goals is reported quarterly 
to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO and is reviewed with the Board’s 
Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee at least annually.

MORE THAN 
90% OVERALL 
REDUCTION IN 
GHG INTENSITY 
SINCE 2004

57HONEYWELL’S CARBON 
NEUTRALITY PLEDGE: 
‘FINISHING THE JOB’

In April 2021, Honeywell committed to become carbon neutral in its 
operations and facilities by 2035. Honeywell intends to accomplish 
this through a combination of fresh investments in energy savings 
projects, conversion to renewable energy sources, completion of capital 
improvement projects at Honeywell sites, upgrading the company’s 
fleet of vehicles, and, if necessary, using credible carbon credits. 

Chief Sustainability Officer Evan van Hook explained how and why 
it’s important for the company to be an environmental leader.

What is Honeywell’s carbon neutral pledge?

Essentially, to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations means we 
are not emitting net-positive carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases. 

Why is the company making this pledge now?

Carbon has been on the global agenda and Honeywell’s agenda for 
several years. We actually started our sustainability program in 2004 
and have already reduced our greenhouse gas intensity by more 
than 90% since then. Our pledge means we’re finishing the job. 

How will this pledge affect the company and its operations?

First, from the personal perspective of a sustainability professional, 
this is what has made working at Honeywell so exciting. Many 
companies are working to reduce their environmental and carbon 
impact. Honeywell is in a unique situation in that we are not only 
working on improving our internal operations, but those internal 
operations are changing the products and services we offer to our 
customers. It’s a dynamic that doesn’t exist in many companies.

Can you share an example?

When we are seeking to reduce emissions in our operations and 
facilities, we turn to Honeywell products and services whenever 
possible. We also investigate up and down the supply chain to 
evaluate the carbon emissions created by the products we use. 

At the same time, Honeywell engineers and scientists are developing 
products and services that combat climate change for both the 
company and our customers and the world. An excellent example is our 
Solstice® line of low global warming potential refrigerants, propellants, 
and solvents. Just that product line alone has helped us - and our 
customers, avoid potential emissions of more than 200 million metric 
tons of carbon dioxide equivalent from the atmosphere. That’s the 
equivalent of removing 42 million cars from the road in one year.

“When our customers use Honeywell products 
and services, they are also taking steps to 
meet their own climate change goals.”

– Evan van Hook,  
Chief Sustainability Officer

58So other companies are benefiting?

How does it feel to have this big milestone pledge in place? 

That’s correct. When our customers use Honeywell products and 
services, they are also taking steps to meet their own climate 
change goals. I’m excited about the opportunities to partner 
with other companies that are on the same journey.

It’s an important aspect of how the company sees itself as a corporate citizen 
– that we are going to participate in this global effort to address climate 
change. It’s the right thing to do and I think increasingly this is going to be 
the expectation for all companies. This is evidenced in recent years by major 
institutional investors calling on companies to address global warming. 

I expect this is just the beginning of a trend. Businesspeople are 
beginning to recognize the benefits of a decarbonized, energy-
efficient economy. And that just opens so many opportunities for new 
products and services, and for different ways of doing business.

59Our success at improving efficiency is based on a culture of 
continuous improvement. The HSEPS team combines its deep 
knowledge of energy and environmental matters with our HSEPS 
Management System and continuous improvement tools such as 
tiered accountability, self-assessments, and kaizens (short duration 
projects led by a facilitator, with a specific aim at improvement) to 
maintain a pipeline of projects that help us achieve our goals.

We install a wide range of technologies, including those from our own 
product portfolio, at our manufacturing sites and offices around the world. 
These include energy management and control systems, automation 
systems for boilers, LED lighting, HVAC controls, variable frequency drives, 
occupancy sensors, metering, and renewable energy. For example:

Improving Energy Efficiency

Honeywell exceeded its public goal to improve energy efficiency by 
more than 20% between 2004 and 2011 and has continued to drive 
improvements throughout the organization. Since project tracking began in 
2010, more than 5,700 efficiency projects, including building automation 
and controls, lighting, and mechanical upgrades have been implemented 
at our facilities, resulting in $100 million in annualized savings.

To support continuous improvement and as part of our HSEPS Management 
System, our largest sites are required to identify their significant energy 
use in line with ISO 50001, obtain an energy audit on an established 
cycle, train personnel on energy management, and track identified 
projects via our standard database. This ensures a robust pipeline of both 
low-cost and capital projects that can be considered for execution.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY REPORTING DATA 

Energy
BBTU

Energy Efficiency
BBTU/$M Revenue

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

30,848

19,417

18,808

17,208

15,348

0.785

0.479

0.450

0.469

0.470

The assurance process we use for our greenhouse gas inventory includes, by default, our energy footprint. 
The energy data compiled here represents our global footprint for all our sites. Estimates are used for some 
of our smaller sites but are typically in the range of 5% of our overall inventory.

APPROXIMATELY 70% 
IMPROVEMENT IN 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
SINCE 2004

Phoenix, Arizona 

Efficiency projects installed at our site include site-wide LED lighting, 
new variable frequency drives, upgrades to HVAC controls, and compressed 
air leak detection and repair, all estimated to save nearly 20% of the site’s 
GHG emissions.

60Seelze, Germany 

Trieste, Italy 

Our site implemented LED lighting in the production area and completed 
renewal projects for their steam traps and absorption cooling system 
with an estimated savings of 8% of the site’s GHG emissions.

Our site installed 1,152 solar modules with a total capacity of 426 kWp. The 
now fully operational array is expected to reduce significant GHG emissions 
from the site and offset approximately 35% of energy use from the grid.

Shanghai, China 

In late 2020, our site deployed Honeywell’s Forge system to optimize 
building HVAC operation and improve energy efficiency. Now in 
daily operation, HVAC equipment in different areas is autonomously 
adjusted to centralized fine-tuned settings instead of local control, 
based on the machine learning and algorithms of outdoor weather, 
indoor temperature changes, and real-time occupancy sensor 
data. Ultimately, this increases HVAC efficiency and is expected 
to save energy usage by 5% while improving user comfort.

61Water Stewardship

Honeywell manages water in accordance with all regulatory requirements, 
while also taking steps to protect and conserve a vital natural resource. 
Our locations and functions are required to manage their water use in 
accordance with our HSEPS management system, which includes:

• Creating and maintaining a detailed inventory or balance of 
water intakes, activities using or producing water, and water 
discharges, including characterization of any wastewaters. 
This breakdown of water use facilitates our identification of 
opportunities for reduction in consumption and waste.

• Restrictions on some methods of discharge to 

limit potential environmental impact.

• Good Management Practices to reduce contamination 

and impact of storm water run-off for all locations.

• Separating potable and process water supplies to 

eliminate the risk of cross-contamination.

• Container management and spill prevention controls to minimize risk of 

unwanted release and contamination of ground and surface waters.

• Developing comprehensive location-specific operational controls, 

• Training for employees and contractors that perform critical activities 

including physical and administrative controls, to manage our water 
discharges in compliance with legal and other requirements, and to 
minimize environmental impact, including unwanted releases. Our 
operational controls include quality assurance and control plans to 
identify potential issues before they happen or enable rapid response.

related to the management of wastewaters and stormwater.

• Collating data on water withdrawals and discharges and conducting 

regular water audits to identify opportunities to reduce water consumption.

62SINCE 2013, THE COMPANY 
HAS IMPLEMENTED 
MORE THAN 170 WATER 
CONSERVATION PROJECTS 
IN WATER-STRESSED 
AREAS, SAVING OVER 
155 MILLION GALLONS

A verification program and independent internal audit measures 
compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for 
continuous improvement of our water management standards.

• Obtain a comprehensive water audit on an established cycle

• Train personnel on water management

Honeywell’s global inventory of water usage data supports the 
identification of conservation opportunities. Honeywell analyzes all 
its operations for Baseline Water Stress using the World Resources 
Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct. To ensure a continuous 
focus on conservation at our larger company sites in water-stressed 
regions, and as part of our HSEPS Management System requirements, 
all sites in locations with High (40–80%) or Extremely High (greater 
than 80%) Baseline Water Stress meeting a certain threshold must:

• Complete an annual water efficiency assessment 

based on water best practices

• Maintain a water balance of all significant flows in and out of the facility

• Maintain a list of water conservation measures identified and completed

Honeywell executes water savings projects as part of our global 
sustainability efforts while strategically targeting water conservation 
projects in areas that are experiencing “water stress” as defined by the WRI. 

Here are some of our successes since we implemented this program:

Mexicali, Mexico: Our site implemented eight water-saving projects, 
saving a combined 12.5 million gallons annually. Projects included 
wastewater reutilization, deionized water saving, makeup water 
system, waterless urinals, water recovery for rinsing, and replacement 
of a water-cooled compressor with an air-cooled compressor.

63Phoenix, Arizona: Our site installed an automated pH-adjustment system 
on the cooling towers, saving 9.4 million gallons of water annually.

In addition to water conservation at our facilities, Honeywell also 
helps communities and customers with their water needs. 

Tempe, Arizona: Our facility is installing a new reverse osmosis 
system for the pre-treatment of the cooling tower makeup 
water, thus decreasing water usage. Once complete in 2021, the 
upgrade is projected to save 24.5 million gallons annually.

• Honeywell and Safe Water Network partnered to provide convenient 
and reliable access to affordable, safe drinking water in communities 
within India. Funded by a Honeywell Hometown Solutions India 
Foundation grant, Safe Water Network built 150 safe water stations.

• From desalination to industrial water treatment and wastewater 

treatment, from pumping to distribution and leakage 
management, Honeywell’s innovative solutions help with 
optimized operations for the water and wastewater industry 
while meeting plant data integrity and security objectives.

64Minimizing Waste

Honeywell manages waste in accordance with all regulatory requirements 
while also seeking to minimize waste generation and environmental impact. 
All of our locations and functions are required to handle waste in accordance 
with our HSEPS management system which includes:

• Detailed characterization and classification of all waste streams

• Process of due diligence and impact assessment for all facilities receiving 
hazardous wastes, including a review and approval process by a global 
team; Honeywell’s hazardous waste streams are only permitted to be sent 
to these approved facilities

• Annual duty of care assessments of all receiving facilities and transporters 
of Honeywell’s wastes, including compliance with local regulations and 
permitting requirements and ability to handle our waste streams, prior to 
any waste movement

• On-site management of waste streams to prevent releases and impact on 
the environment, including container management and spill prevention

• Annual training for all employees and contractors that perform waste-

related activities

• Annual or more frequent audits of waste movements to confirm 

compliance and identify opportunities for waste reduction and diversion

A verification program and independent internal audit measures 
compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for continuous 
improvement of our waste management standards.

In addition to any regulatory reporting requirements, sites must also 
adhere to internal reporting requirements so that Honeywell can 
maintain a global inventory of waste data, including both hazardous and 
non-hazardous metrics.

65Each of our strategic business units is required to establish annual targets 
for reducing hazardous waste as normalized by revenue and improving 
waste diversion rates (diverting waste from landfills). Results are tracked 
by our Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team and progress is reported 
quarterly to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO and Chief Sustainability Officer.

Honeywell executes waste reduction projects in support of our goals and 
as part of our global sustainability efforts. Waste reduction projects, often 
identified via a kaizen process, are tracked in our project database from 
conception through execution. Here are some of our successes since we 
implemented this program:

• Olomouc, Czech Republic: The site received Honeywell Aerospace’s 
Sustainability Award for achieving 100% waste diversion for non-
hazardous waste. Abrasive sand was treated through a biodegradation 
process enabling it to be used as a building and stabilization material. 
Small grinding tools allowed the materials to be separated into two parts 
for recycling and incineration. The site also eliminated 540 kg of hazardous 
waste by developing new techniques for a solvent used in a vapor-cleaning 
machine to prepare parts for welding and soldering that allows 99% of the 
solvent to be reused in the process.

• South Bend, Indiana: The site installed new sensors to minimize anodize 
overflow and provide better visual management. The improved visual 
management system is helping prevent overflow from occurring which 
creates additional waste. It also enhances early detection capabilities since 
sensors detect tank levels and set off alarms to prevent further overflow.

• Gurgaon, India: A Go-Green kaizen event at the site resulted in a project 
to reconfigure PCB panels to minimize strip waste. The site was able to 
reduce the associated waste stream by 50% with a 25% productivity 
improvement.

• Hope Town, India: The site implemented a project to collect and regrind 
molded plastic protective runners generated during manufacturing, 
preparing the plastic for reuse and reducing plastic waste by 30%. The 
site also reduced waste by replacing cardboard and wooden trays used in 
assembly and molding processes with recyclable molded plastic trays with 
a six-time longer life, that are also safer for handling.

66Managing Air Emissions

Honeywell manages air emissions in accordance with all regulatory 
requirements while also seeking to minimize our environmental impact. 
All of our locations are required to meet the requirements of our HSEPS 
management system which includes:

• Identifying and detailing all emissions to air on an inventory. This 
inventory captures both stack and fugitive emissions and covers 
process, combustion, and VOC emissions, as well as visible emissions, 
odors, and noise.

• Developing operational controls, both physical and administrative, to 

comply with all regulatory or permit requirements and minimize the impact 
of our operations on both the environment and our neighbors.

• Conducting emissions monitoring as required by local regulations. This 
data also helps to identify opportunities to reduce our emissions levels 
above and beyond regulatory thresholds.

• Completing regular training on our operational controls to maintain 

efficiency and compliance.

A verification program and independent internal audit measures 
compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for continuous 
improvement of our air emissions standards.

67RESPONSIBLE REMEDIATION
Honeywell has a history of successfully resolving complex environmental 
challenges and taking a proactive approach to remediation of legacy 
obligations from former operations and of predecessor companies. The 
company spent over $4 billion in the last 15 years to clean up many of 
these sites and restore them to productive community use. Using cutting-
edge science, design, and engineering to protect human health and the 

environment, the company works cooperatively with governments and 
communities to implement effective solutions. Honeywell does not consider 
cleanups complete until the legacy property has been transformed into 
a valuable asset for the surrounding community, whenever possible.

68EMPLOYEE WHO 
LED LAKE CLEANUP 
CALLS IT A CAREER

For nearly two decades, Onondaga Lake near Syracuse, New York, had the 
dubious distinction of being known as the most polluted lake in the U.S.

From the 1800s through the 1980s, industrial pollution from multiple 
sources left behind heavy metals, mercury, PCBs, and pesticides. Municipal 
waste also flowed in from Syracuse. It was declared a Superfund site in 1994.

John McAuliffe helped change all that.

McAuliffe served as program director for Honeywell’s cleanup of the 
4.5-square-mile lake that began in 2002 and ended in 2017. (Honeywell 
assumed responsibility for the cleanup because of operations of a 
predecessor company that affected the lake.) Today more than 260 
wildlife species call the area home, and 130 unique bird species have been 
identified in and around the lake. Audubon New York honored Honeywell 
with its highest award for conserving and restoring natural ecosystems.

On April 27, 2021, McAuliffe announced his retirement. The news did not go 
unnoticed in Central New York.

“We are writing to recognize and thank an ‘unsung hero’ of Central 
New York, John McAuliffe,” wrote Charles Driscoll, an engineering 
professor at Syracuse University, in a letter published in the Syracuse 
Post-Standard newspaper and on its website, Syracuse.com. 

“The cleanup and remediation of Onondaga Lake has been one 
of the important events for the development of Central New York 
in recent decades,” Driscoll continued. “[Onondaga Lake] was an 
embarrassment for our community … John is a visionary who led a 
team to convert an environmental liability into an enduring asset 
that will positively influence our community for generations.”

U.S. Rep. John Katko (NY-24) praised McAuliffe on the floor of the 
U.S. House of Representatives, saying, “Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the retirement of John McAuliffe, a Central New York 
native, visionary, and driving force behind the Onondaga Lake cleanup 
effort… Central New York owes John a debt of gratitude for an enduring 
legacy of doing something that many thought was impossible.”

“Central New York owes John a debt of gratitude 
for an enduring legacy of doing something 
that many thought was impossible.” 

– John Katko,  
U.S. Representative for  
New York's 24th Congressional District

69McAuliffe said in a statement that “leading Honeywell’s cleanup of 
Onondaga Lake has been the honor of a lifetime. Thousands of Central New 
Yorkers are embracing a new chapter in our community’s history, and I’m 
thankful to have had the opportunity to play a part in making it a reality.”

Recognized as one of the largest lake restoration projects in North America, 
the Onondaga Lake cleanup was the result of more than two decades 
and millions of hours of intensive effort. Project innovations resulted 
in significant advancements in sediment remediation technology. The 
cleanup combined innovative dredging and capping designs with long-term 
habitat restoration, leading to an environmentally progressive solution.

About 2.2 million cubic yards of material was removed from the 
bottom of the lake. The capping of 475 acres of lake bottom was 
completed in December 2016. Habitat restoration, which included 
restoring 90 acres of wetlands, was completed in 2017.

Thousands of Central New Yorkers have reconnected with the lake over 
the past few years. It includes new boat launches and fishing areas and 
is the backdrop for an amphitheater that brings in big-name musicians.

Former County Executive Joanie Mahoney told the Post-Standard 
that McAuliffe had the perfect attitude to lead a project that resulted 
in one of the biggest comeback stories in the region’s history.

“It was his spirit of, ‘I’m a member of the community and I want all 
of this, too,’ that made a lot of those projects possible,” she said. 
Onondaga Lake is just one example of how Honeywell addresses its 
legacy industrial sites, working with the surrounding communities 
to reimagine them as new assets and opportunities.

70PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP
Making products safer for people and the planet is systematically 
considered at the design stage of all products. As Honeywell 
businesses invent new tools and solutions, we take deliberate, strategic 
steps to improve each innovation’s eco-efficiency. Specifically, 
we evaluate new products by gauging their potential to:

• Reduce the use of natural resources during manufacturing and distribution 

• Increase the energy efficiency of the product itself or because of its use 

• Reduce production waste 

Product Compliance
Honeywell is committed to ensuring that our products are manufactured 
to comply with environmental regulations in the markets we serve. 
Honeywell’s Global Product Stewardship team is responsible for 
the management of environmental compliance activities.

Regulatory monitoring combined with expertise and internal procedures 
help ensure comprehensive programs are in place throughout 
Honeywell to manage and meet regulatory requirements such as:

• REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization 

and Restriction of Chemicals)

• Identify opportunities for product reuse and recycling

• RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances)

• Utilize recycled or renewable materials 

• TSCA (Toxic Substances Control Act)

• Reduce and eliminate classified toxic or hazardous materials 

• GHS (Globally Harmonized System of Classification 

• Be packaged more efficiently

and Labelling of Chemicals) 

• WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment)

To meet Honeywell’s regulatory requirements, we actively engage 
with our suppliers to obtain chemical substance information for the 
materials they supply, as well as the sourcing of minerals used.

71REACH
Honeywell is committed to ensuring all its products manufactured in 
or imported into the European Union comply with REACH legislative 
requirements. Honeywell has regulatory management systems in place 
to support ongoing compliance activities to monitor the Candidate List 
and European Chemical Agency’s recommendations for authorization. 
Honeywell has submitted dossier updates when required and continues 
to meet communication requirements to downstream users.

Extended Producer Responsibility
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental policy 
approach in which a producer’s responsibility for a product is extended 
to the post-consumer management of the product and its packaging. 
Honeywell complies with all legal requirements for EPR either directly 
or by working with accredited recycling partners or networks to ensure 
proper end-of-life treatment of our products to avoid any impacts 
to the environment. Potentially applicable regulations include:

• Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment (WEEE)

• Battery recycling obligations

• Packaging recycling obligations

Our New Product Introduction requirements help ensure that EPR 
strategies are considered during the design and packaging of products.

Responsible Care Program
Honeywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies business 
participates in the Responsible Care® program of the American 
Chemistry Council (ACC). Responsible Care is a global, voluntary 
initiative developed by the chemical industry to drive continuous 
improvement in health, safety, and environmental performance.

Responsible Care is practiced today in 68 economies around the world. 
Program implementation leads to improved efficiency; lower environment, 
health and safety costs; and improved relations with stakeholders through 
open and transparent communications. Responsible Care companies 
have reduced air pollutants by 44% and safety incidents by 48% since 
2000. The ACC members have also reduced greenhouse gas intensity 
by 24% and improved their energy efficiency by 19% since 1992. As 
part of continuous improvement, ACC has established a goal to reduce 
Tier 1 Process Safety Events by 20% by 2025. ACC has also created 
Sustainability Principles, including a sustainability framework for the 
chemical industry defining primary focus areas, sustainability metrics and 
processes to assist all member companies in their sustainability journey. 

As a signatory company, Honeywell is committed to improve its 
performance in the fields of environmental protection, occupational 
safety and health protection, plant security, process safety, product 
stewardship, operational energy efficiency, and logistics. Responsible 
Care companies embed these values up and down the organization’s 
value chain, as well as continuously improve dialogue with neighbors 
and the public, independent from legal requirements. Honeywell’s 
Performance Materials and Technologies headquarters has been 
certified RC14001 by an external ISO registrar since 2005.

72SOCIAL 
GOOD

73An essential element of Honeywell’s Corporate Social Responsibility 
model is community engagement and investment. Our global 
programs emphasize science, technology, engineering, and 
mathematics (STEM) education, inclusion and diversity, humanitarian 
relief, and child and family safety. These programs have delivered 
significant and meaningful results in communities around the world. 

74IN THE COMMUNITY
Honeywell’s global philanthropic initiative improves lives and inspires 
change in communities around the world. We believe in investing 
our time and resources locally to make a difference globally. 

STEM Education 
More than 5 million elementary, middle, high school, and university 
students worldwide have participated in Honeywell’s STEM programs. 
Here are some examples that highlight our mission and approach. 

Georgia Tech STEM Teacher Leadership Program 
Teachers in the Atlanta area have received computational and coding 
training at the Honeywell-sponsored STEM Teacher Leadership 
Program at Georgia Institute of Technology to earn Georgia Department 
of Education State STEM School certification. The program creates 
a professional network of teachers to serve as instructional leaders 
in computer science to bolster STEM curricula for students. The 
program reached more than 2,000 students in its first year.

Key components of the two-year program include: 

• Four weeks of summer training in software engineering and 

computing, along with access to Georgia Tech’s computing research 
and Honeywell engineers serving as mentors and coaches. 

• The Honeywell STEM Challenge, a software engineering competition 

where students work in teams to solve real-world challenges 
using software coding and computational techniques. 

• An annual STEM Teacher Leadership Program Symposium, where 

program alumni and other teachers and leaders from the Metro Atlanta 
region participate in additional academic and networking activities at 
Georgia Tech. 

• In 2021, a specialized course for returning teacher participants will give 
them the skills and education needed to earn Georgia Assessments 
for the Certification of Educators recognition in computer science.

75New Labs Focused on Internet of Things (loT) Technologies 
Honeywell has established control systems labs at six universities 
in Turkey, Romania, and Indonesia that are focused on loT 
technologies. The labs serve more than 10,000 students per year. 

Engineering students at University Politehnica Timisoara, Romania, 
are putting their theoretical knowledge into practice using the 
Honeywell Smart Meter Control Laboratory at the university’s 
Faculty of Electrical and Power Engineering. The lab is equipped with 
technology systems that enable students and faculty to simulate, 
learn, and develop innovative smart systems aimed at reducing energy 
consumption. Technology used includes oscilloscopes, smart meter 
communication probes, and consumption simulation sources.

Honeywell Center for Advancing Girls in Science 
Honeywell has partnered with the Avasara Leadership Institute, a non-profit 
organization that provides educational opportunities for India's brightest 
girls from disadvantaged backgrounds, to create rich STEM learning 
programs. The Honeywell Center for Advancing Girls in Science created 
classrooms, laboratories, and dormitories as a base for the program. The 
center provides deep, transformative science education to girls between 
11 and 18 years old.

In addition to 500 residential students, the school provides STEM 
education to more than 12,000 students from government and financially 
challenged schools.

76Humanitarian Relief 
Since 2005, the Honeywell Humanitarian Relief Foundation (HHRF), an 
employee-funded nonprofit organization, has distributed over $14.5 million 
in relief funding to more than 2,450 employees and our communities around 
the world after hurricanes, earthquakes, wildfires, flooding, typhoons, 
and tsunamis. The foundation has also repaired or rebuilt 900 homes, 
four schools, nine medical clinics, 900 wells, and one elder-care center in 
this time. 

In 2020, HHRF distributed $679,000, including employee-donated funds 
and a corporate match, to support employee disaster relief and two special 
projects in Australia and Mexico.

Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy
This weeklong, annual immersive experience serves nearly 300 high 
school children of Honeywell employees to develop their science, 
technology, engineering, math, and leadership skills through 
astronaut-focused workshops, lectures, and team exercises. 

Working in partnership with the U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville, 
Alabama, this program teaches the critical leadership skills students 
need to succeed, including communication, teamwork, critical thinking, 
and problem-solving. Designed to promote future careers in STEM 
fields, the Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy has educated over 
3,000 students from 63 countries, 41 states, and Puerto Rico since 2010. 

77Child and Family Safety 
Through its partnership with Safe Kids Worldwide, Honeywell has educated 
approximately 3 million students on fire, burns, and scalds through safety 
training in China, India, and Malaysia. In India, the Honeywell Safe Schools 
program – in partnership with Sustainable Environment and Ecological 
Development Society – has brought customized school safety education 
to more than 100,000 students, parents, and teachers across three cities.

78RESPONDING TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC 
Supporting Our Employees
Since the COVID-19 pandemic emerged early in 2020, we have taken 
many actions to support our employees. For instance, we have:

• Instituted an array of safety protocols at work sites, including temperature 

screening, face coverings, social distancing mandates, enhanced 
site sanitization, expanded cleaning procedures, modified workplace 
and seating layouts, common area evaluations to minimize exposure, 
coronavirus testing, and new certification processes for anyone entering 
our sites

• Implemented work-from-home protocols and expanded our technical 
capabilities to enable employees with duties that can be performed 
remotely to work safely at home

• Made paid sick time available up front for non-exempt U.S. employees 

through the end of 2020 instead of them accruing it during each 
pay period

• Covered out-of-pocket costs associated with prescribed coronavirus 

testing for all employees, and covered out-of-pocket treatment costs for 
employees and their dependents enrolled in Honeywell’s medical plans

• Distributed payments from a $10 million Employee Relief Fund to support 

select employees worldwide in potential financial distress

• Provided regular communications to employees from the Honeywell 

Medical Team with guidance on how to stay safe

• Conducted more than 50 Ask the Doctors COVID-19 virtual question-and-

answer sessions with Honeywell’s medical directors

• Helped organize mass vaccination events in Arizona and North Carolina in 
which employees could volunteer in service to the community and receive 
shots

• Expanded access to well-being and health support programs and 
services, including those offered through Honeywell’s Employee 
Assistance Program

Supporting Our Global Communities
We have established relief programs, expanded partnerships, 
and made monetary and in-kind donations to help communities 
respond to the coronavirus crisis and economic downturn. 

Around the world, Honeywell has made donations of protective masks 
and other PPE to hospitals and organizations battling COVID-19 in 
their communities. As of June 2021, Honeywell has pledged or donated 
nearly 2 million masks to hospitals and nonprofits worldwide.

For more information about our Sustainability and Corporate 
Citizenship programs, please visit our website.

79HONEYWELL-DRIVEN SMALL 
BUSINESS INNOVATION FUND 
HELPS CHARLOTTE PRESERVE ITS 
VIBRANCY DURING THE PANDEMIC

“We’ve been in survival mode for a long time. Then this grant came in and it’s going to allow us to do a whole lot.”

When the pandemic emerged in early 2020, West End Fresh Seafood owner Bernetta Powell wasn’t just concerned 
that COVID-19 posed a threat to her health. Like many small business owners in Charlotte, North Carolina, and 
around the world, Powell worried the pandemic could put her out of business and her employees out of work.

The grant Powell received from a Small Business Innovation Fund created by Honeywell with Charlotte Center City   
Partners and the Foundation for the Carolinas was the boost her business needed.

"For Honeywell to 
come in and reach 
[its] hand back and 
pull some of the 
smaller businesses up 
– that meant a lot.”

– Bernetta Powell,  
Owner, West End Fresh Seafood

80Honeywell responded to the needs of our communities during 
the COVID-19 pandemic in a number of ways, including donating 
millions of protective masks to help stem the spread of the 
disease and contributing logistics expertise and technology to 
mass vaccination events once vaccines became available. 

The company then turned its attention to small businesses 
in its headquarters city, investing $2 million to create the 
Small Business Innovation Fund. Several other corporations, 
foundations, and the City of Charlotte joined the effort. 

“Supporting storefront small business entrepreneurs 
as they navigate the new economic reality makes 
all the difference in our success and future 
competitiveness as an urban economy.”

– Greg Lewis,  
Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

“Charlotte has hundreds of restaurants, breweries, bakeries, coffee 
shops, salons, retailers, food trucks, and other small businesses,” 
said Greg Lewis, Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer, who volunteered to chair the fund’s diverse and 
distinguished Grant Review Committee. “Together, these businesses 
create the vibrancy and character that residents, visitors, workers, 
and major employers crave, and they distinguish Center City 
Charlotte as an essential economic engine for the region.”

Lewis added: “But these entrepreneurs built their businesses to be 
fully open to the general public and are reliant on foot traffic for 
customers. Supporting storefront small business entrepreneurs as 
they navigate the new economic reality makes all the difference in 
our success and future competitiveness as an urban economy.”

Launched in June 2020, the fund provided grants of up to $40,000 to 
help businesses with less than 50 employees adapt and innovate to 
stay competitive.

Through four rounds of grantmaking, the fund awarded $4.6 million 
to more than 140 small businesses. Nearly 90% of the grants went 
to small businesses owned by minorities, women, or veterans.

The grants have been used by small businesses for many purposes, including:

• Building e-commerce sales capabilities

• Enabling delivery for storefront focused establishments

• Switching to COVID-conscious packaging alternatives

• Procuring equipment to facilitate contactless ordering and payment

• Upgrading infrastructure to better leverage outdoor space to 

serve customers

81West End Fresh Seafood used its grant to install technology to take orders 
online and offer curbside service.

“Small businesses need funding to reach their potential,” said 
Dianna Ward of InTownCLT delivery service, another grant recipient. 
“These are the businesses that have helped shape Charlotte.”

“We are so pleased to make these grants to innovative small business 
owners from one end of the city to the other,” said Charlotte Mayor Vi 
Lyles. “They are the lifeblood of our city, our economy, and our region. 

The Small Business Innovation Fund is leading the way in 
innovation in Charlotte and across the country. These adaptations 
and innovations will enable our city to advance and thrive.”

And thrive is exactly what Bernetta Powell says she intends to do. “We’ve 
been here 20 years, and now we get a chance to really improve.”

82SASB / TCFD 
INFORMATION

SASB
The following disclosures are aligned to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
framework for the Resource Transformation—Electrical and Electric Equipment (EE) industry. As a 
diversified industrial manufacturer, the nature of Honeywell’s business does not fit squarely within one 
industry, so Honeywell has included metrics aligned to other industries we believe would be of interest 
to our investors. Honeywell will continue to evaluate the disclosure of additional topics relevant to our 
industries, taking into account materiality, availability of reliable data, and competitive sensitivities.

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC

SASB CODE

HONEYWELL METRIC1 /DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Energy Management

Water Management

Gross global Scope 1 emissions; percentage 
covered under emissions-limiting regulations

RT-CH-110a.1

1,387,727 metric tons CO2e2; 
2.0% under emissions-limiting regulations

Discussion of long-term and short-term 
strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, 
emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of 
performance against those targets

(1) Total energy consumed, 
(2) percentage grid electricity, 
(3) percentage renewable

Description of water management risks and 
discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate 
those risks

RT-CH-110a.2

RT-EE-130a.1

Corporate Citizenship Report: Our Environmental Goals, Page 56;
Reducing GHG Emissions, Page 57; Managing Air Emissions,
Page 67; Efficiency in Operations, Page 57

(1) 16,192,891 GJ
(2) 39% grid electricity
(3) 1% renewable energy

RT-CH-140a.3

Corporate Citizenship Report: Water Stewardship, Page 62-64 

Hazardous Waste Management

Amount of hazardous waste generated, 
percentage recycled

RT-CH-150a.1

16,357 metric tons generated

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) for (a) direct 
employees and (b) contract employees

RT-CH-320a.1

0.293

Workforce Health & Safety

Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and 
reduce exposure of employees and contract 
workers to long-term (chronic) health risks

1Represents 2020 data.

2Reported pursuant to The Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

3TRIR employees and directly supervised contractors and calculated based on OSHA guidelines.

RT-CH-320a.2

Corporate Citizenship Report: Protecting the Workforce, Page 53

83TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC

SASB CODE

HONEYWELL METRIC /DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Community Relations

Discussion of engagement processes to 
manage risks and opportunities associated with 
community interests

RT-CH-210a.1

Citizenship Report: Governance, Page 46-48; 
Emergency Preparedness, Page 51 
Revitalizing Brownfields, Renewing Communities
2021 Proxy: New Uses from Legacy Properties, Page 35

Materials Sourcing

Description of the management of risks 
associated with the use of critical materials

RT-EE-440a.1
RT-AE-440a.1

Corporate Citizenship Report: Critical Materials, Page 27

Management of the Legal & Regulatory 
Environment

Discussion of corporate positions related to 
government regulations and/or policy proposals 
that address environmental and social factors 
affecting the industry

RT-CH-530a.1

CDP Climate Change Report: C12.3, C12.3a 
2021 Proxy: Political Contributions and Trade Associations, Page 36

Business Ethics

Description of policies and practices for 
prevention of: (1) corruption and bribery, and (2) 
anti-competitive behavior

RT-EE-510a.1

Corporate Citizenship Report: Integrity and Compliance, Page 17
Code of Business Conduct: Pages 23, 37, 39

Discussion of processes to manage business 
ethics risks throughout the value chain

RT-AE-510a.3

Corporate Citizenship Report: Integrity and Compliance, Page 17 
Code of Business Conduct: Pages 35-44

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with bribery or 
corruption (and/or illicit international trade)

RT-EE-510a.2

SEC Filings: Information on legal proceedings is disclosed in our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated with 
anticompetitive behavior regulations

RT-AE-510a.1

SEC Filings: Information on legal proceedings is disclosed in our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

Activity

Number of employees

RT-EE-000.B
RT-AE-000.B

103,000 employees as of December 31, 2020 

84TCFD DISCLOSURE 
The following table maps Honeywell’s publicly available climate-related discussion against the framework developed by 
the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. For detailed discussion, please see the referenced documents.

GOVERNANCE
DISCLOSE THE ORGANIZATION’S GOVERNANCE AROUND CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES.

SUMMARY RESPONSE

RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Honeywell is committed to strong corporate governance policies, 
practices, and procedures designed to ensure our Board effectively 
exercises its oversight role. Our Board is responsible for, among other 
things, reviewing and monitoring implementation of Honeywell’s 
strategic plans, reviewing risk assessments, and monitoring 
mitigation activities with respect to significant risks and issues facing 
the company, including climate-related risks and opportunities. 
The Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee 
(CGRC) has primary responsibility for managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities. Roles for assessing and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities are integrated into a number of 
functions and committees throughout the company. Honeywell’s 
Chief Sustainability Officer is responsible for our sustainability 
program and for implementing our HSEPS Management System. 
Goals are established annually with each of our strategic businesses. 
The Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team, led by the Chief 
Sustainability Officer, the Vice President of Global Real Estate, and 
the Senior Director of Sustainability, helps drive the company’s 
sustainability goals. This includes the use of efficiency audits and 
quarterly risk assessments. Progress on these goals is reported 
quarterly to the Chairman and CEO and is reviewed with the CGRC at 
least annually.

a)  Describe the board’s oversight of  

climate-related risks and opportunities.

CDP Climate Change Report: C1.1b
2021 Proxy: Corporate Governance, Page 18; Board’s Role in Oversight, 
Pages 23-24; Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Page 30
Board Committee Charters

b)  Describe management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities.

CDP Climate Change Report: C1.2, C1.2a

STRATEGY 
DISCLOSE THE ACTUAL AND POTENTIAL IMPACTS OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES ON THE ORGANIZATION’S BUSINESSES, STRATEGY, AND FINANCIAL 
PLANNING WHERE SUCH INFORMATION IS MATERIAL.

SUMMARY RESPONSE

RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Honeywell’s diverse portfolio of products, solutions, end-markets, 
and business models – along with our decentralized operational 
footprint and our rigorous risk identification, assessment, and 
planning processes – mitigate the impact of climate-related risks. 
We do not believe climate-related risks are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect in the foreseeable future on the company’s 
business or the markets it serves, nor on our results of operations, 
capital expenditures, or financial position. Honeywell is uniquely 
positioned to shape a safer and more sustainable future. We continue 
to invent and develop technologies that provide our customers with 
adaptable and efficient solutions to address their safety, energy, and 
environmental needs.

a)  Describe the climate-related risks and 

opportunities the organization has identified 
over the short, medium, and long term.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3b, C2.4, 2.4a
Corporate Citizenship Report: Examples of climate-related risks, Table A; 
Examples of climate-related opportunities, Table B

b)  Describe the impact of climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

CDP Climate Change Report: C3.2a, C3.3, C3.4, C3.4a
Corporate Citizenship Report: Examples of risks and opportunities, 
Table A & Table B

c)  Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into consideration different 
climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or 
lower scenario.

CDP Climate Change Report: C3.2, C3.2a

85RISK MANAGEMENT
DISCLOSE HOW THE ORGANIZATION IDENTIFIES, ASSESSES, AND MANAGES CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS.

SUMMARY RESPONSE

RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Honeywell regularly assesses risks and opportunities at both a 
company-wide and asset-specific level to determine both probability 
of occurrence and potential impact to the business. This assessment 
is incorporated into our standard business planning, and opportunity 
and risk management processes. While risk and opportunity 
management are part of our standard business operations, the Board 
has responsibility for risk oversight and regularly reviews top-level, 
strategic, operational, reporting, and compliance risks.

a)  Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related 
risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.1a, C2.2, C2.2a

b)  Describe the organization’s processes for 

managing climate-related risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2

c)  Describe how processes for identifying, 

assessing, and managing climate-related risks 
are integrated into the organization’s overall 
risk management.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2

METRICS AND TARGETS
DISCLOSE THE METRICS AND TARGETS USED TO ASSESS AND MANAGE RELEVANT CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES WHERE SUCH INFORMATION IS MATERIAL.

SUMMARY RESPONSE

RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE

DISCLOSURE LOCATION

Overall, Honeywell’s sustainability program has reduced greenhouse 
gas intensity by more than 90%. In 2019, the company set a fourth 
goal, a new five-year “10-10-10” target to reduce global greenhouse 
gas emissions by an additional 10%, indexed to revenue, from 2018 
levels; to deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities; and to 
achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management Standard 
at 10 facilities, all by 2024. In 2021, Honeywell took another step 
by announcing a pledge to be carbon neutral in our facilities and 
operations by 2035.

a)  Disclose the metrics used by the organization 

to assess climate-related risks and 
opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 
management process.

CDP Climate Change Report: C4.1, C4.1b, C9.1

b)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, 
and the related risks.

Corporate Citizenship Report: Reducing GHG Emissions, Page 57
CDP Climate Change Report: C6.1, C6.3, C6.5

c)  Describe the targets used by the organization 

to manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities and performance against 
targets.

Corporate Citizenship Report: Our Environmental Goals, Page 56
CDP Climate Change Report: C4.1, C4.1b, C4.2

86Table A: Examples of climate-related risks with mitigation strategies 

RISK TYPE

POTENTIAL FINANCIAL IMPACT (-)

SHORT

MEDIUM

LONG

MITIGATION STRATEGY

TIME HORIZON

Transition: Policy and Legal

Increased pricing of greenhouse gas emissions 
due to regulations

Transition: Market

Reduced demand for goods and services due 
to shift in consumer preferences or changes in 
purchasing power

Physical: Acute

Reduced revenue from business disruption

Increased costs from repairing or restoring 
damaged locations

Physical: Chronic

Increased cost related to relocation due to sea 
level rise

Physical: Chronic

Increased cost related to increased need 
for cooling and heating due to changing 
temperatures

X

X

X

X

X

X

Since 2004, Honeywell has had a comprehensive program to audit 
facilities for opportunities to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions, to set annual internal and external targets, and to track them 
to completion. This has resulted in an overall reduction of GHG intensity 
above 90%. Honeywell will continue this program to further reduce our 
GHG footprint. In addition, on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the potential 
impact from changes in climate-related regulations and litigation.

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand sustainable opportunities 
with our products and services. Approximately 50% of our R&D spend 
is on our ESG-related portfolio, much of which relates to reducing 
GHG emissions. In addition, each of our new products is subject to an 
eco-efficiency assessment considering opportunities to improve energy 
efficiency, and each quarter we assess whether changes in our product 
mixes may impact GHG emissions.

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response 
plans for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate 
the potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on 
a quarterly basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from 
changes in GHG regulations or from physical damage due to climate-
related events. Our to "Business Resilience Management Program 
also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical 
operations in the event of a disaster and promptly recover essential 
systems and technology.

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response plans 
for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate the 
potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on a regular 
basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from physical damage 
due to climate-related events. Our Business Continuity Management 
Program also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue 
critical operations in the event of a disaster and promptly recover 
essential systems and technology.

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates physical risk 
considerations as part of due diligence for any new locations. 

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates energy efficiency and 
energy procurement considerations as part of due diligence for any new 
location that would help reduce costs related to energy use, heating, and 
cooling. In addition, since 2004, Honeywell has had a comprehensive 
program to audit, identify, execute, and track completion of energy 
efficiency projects in all our facilities. This program has improved 
Honeywell’s overall energy efficiency by approximately 70%. We will 
continue this program going forward.

87Table B: Examples of climate-related opportunities with strategies to realize the opportunity

OPPORTUNITY TYPE

POTENTIAL FINANCIAL IMPACT (+)

SHORT

MEDIUM

LONG

STRATEGY TO REALIZE OPPORTUNITY

TIME HORIZON

Resource Efficiency

Reduced operating costs through efficiency 
gains and cost reductions by moving to more 
efficient buildings

X

Increase revenue through demand for 
sustainable products

Products and Services

Better competitive position to reflect shifting 
consumer preferences, resulting in increased 
revenues

X

X

Through the Global Real Estate group, Honeywell constantly seeks 
energy-efficient alternatives and initiatives to implement throughout 
our facilities for new construction, project upgrades, and retrofits. In 
addition, since 2004, Honeywell has implemented a comprehensive 
energy efficiency program with periodic audits, goals, and project 
review to completion. This program has resulted in approximately 70% 
improvement in energy efficiency. There have been 5,700 projects 
completed since 2010 with an estimated annualized savings of more 
than $100 million.

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand our portfolio of sustainable 
products and services. Approximately 50% of new production 
introduction research and development activity is on our ESG-related 
portfolio, much of which relates to reducing GHG emissions. Each of our 
strategic business groups invests significantly in these opportunities, 
and we have created a business unit, Sustainable Technologies 
and Solutions (STS), to specifically develop and commercialize new 
technologies that meet the growing demand for sustainable solutions to 
the world’s rising energy needs. 

Climate-related scenario modeling is part of our annual business 
planning process. We use socioeconomic climate models with different 
scenario assumptions to determine product strategy and customer 
impact for products that address greenhouse gas emissions, energy 
efficiency and changes in fuel use such as decarbonization, renewable 
fuels and power. 

Each of our new products is subject to an eco-efficiency assessment 
that considers opportunities to improve energy efficiency, and each 
quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact 
GHG emissions. 

Our Government Relations team identifies and assesses emerging 
trends and advocates for favorable policies, legislation and regulation 
globally to promote clean energy and energy efficiency. Changes in 
regulations, increases in the demand for advanced building controls 
and energy efficient products, and the transition to a lower-carbon 
economy support demand for our sustainable products. For example, 
the transition from high-GWP HFCs to low-GWP HFO alternatives 
presented a transition opportunity and, as a result, Honeywell developed 
our line of Solstice® products, which have already helped our customers 
avoid discharging more than 200 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent 
to the atmosphere. 

88HONEYWELL 
COMES HOME

New Global Headquarters Features the Company’s Latest 
Building Technologies and Connected Solutions

Two years after officially relocating its global headquarters 
to Charlotte, North Carolina, Honeywell has a home to call 
its own – and it’s a 23-story showcase for the company’s 
innovative buildings and connected technologies. 

Sustainability was a key driver for decisions at every stage of Honeywell’s 
new headquarters project. The base building was designed to meet 
LEED certification standards. The company’s offices, which occupy 
eight floors, aim to achieve LEED Gold status. Incorporated into the 
building’s design are Honeywell Smart Buildings technologies that 
touch virtually every aspect of the occupant experience, including 
touchless access, comfort, security, lighting, and visitor management. 

In addition to being 5G-enabled, the building features many of the Healthy 
Buildings solutions the company has deployed for customers around the 
world since the pandemic began. These include air quality sensor integration 
and analytics, electronic air cleaning, and ultraviolet lighting sanitization.

Atop the building is an expansive Sky Lobby where guests can spend 
time in an immersive, interactive Customer Experience Center – a space 
that helps them visualize how Honeywell’s innovative technologies 
solve complex challenges across the globe in a range of industries.

Location

Floors

855 S. Mint Street, Charlotte, North Carolina

23 (10 office, 12 parking, 1 lobby and retail)

Office Space

298,000 square feet

Height

Capacity

330 feet

1,300 employees

89THE 
FUTURE 
IS  
WHAT  
WE  
MAKE IT.

Honeywell International Inc. 
Charlotte, NC 28202
855 S. Mint Street 
www.honeywell.com

Copyright © 2021 Honeywell International Inc.

This report contains certain statements that may be deemed forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

All statements, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward looking statements.

We use words such as aim, anticipate, believe, commit, drive, estimate, ensure, expect, goal, intend, may, mission, plan, project, seek, strategy, strive, target, will, and would or similar expressions to identify forward looking statements.

In particular, such statements may include but are not limited to: (1) statements which may relate to our purpose, ambitions, aims, commitments, targets, plans, and objectives, and sustainability goal progress (2) environmental, health, and safety (EHS) data as it relates to the environment, safety performance, management systems, implementation, and regulatory compliance, including data collection systems at applicable sites that track and collect EHS data through the corporate wide EHS reporting systems (3) social data as it relates to employee metrics, social practices, and community engagement programs derived from our various databases (4) responsible sourcing of materials and the related responsible sourcing systems and data and (5) statements about actions of suppliers and partners or our work with them.

Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.

The forward looking statements included in this report are also subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially.

Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and COVID 19 related public health factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services and prices assumptions not being realized scientific or technological developments evolving sustainability strategies changes in carbon markets evolving government regulations our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions or other changes in circumstances, as well as those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10 Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, and other developments, including the potential impact of the COVID 19 pandemic, and business decisions may differ from those envisaged by such forward looking statements.

The information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice.

We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments.

This report represents our current policy and intent and is not intended to create legal rights or obligations.

The standards of measurement and performance contained in this report are developing and based on assumptions, and no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this report can or will be achieved.

This report may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed by us, and we make no representation, warranty, or undertaking as to the accuracy, reasonableness, or completeness of such information.

This report contains examples of savings and results achieved by us, our customers, and our partners that may or may not be representative of what other companies could achieve in similar circumstances.

Inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material to our business or operating results.

Material for the purposes of this report should not be read as equating to any use of the word in our other reporting or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

No part of this report or our website constitutes, or shall be taken to constitute, an invitation or inducement to invest in us or any other entity and shall not be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decisions.

We’ve learned a lot about ourselves and our company since the COVID 19 pandemic began.

We learned that no matter the adversity, our employees find a way to get the job done.

We also learned that our core Honeywell Behaviors and commitment to Inclusion and Diversity and robust Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) practices make us stronger, especially in difficult times.

Early in the pandemic, we initiated an unprecedented ramp up in the production of personal protective equipment, including N 95 masks, to help protect frontline workers.

When vaccines became available, we helped stage some of the largest mass vaccination events in the U.S.

When COVID 19 cases soared in India, we provided equipment and supplies to support the country’s healthcare system and citizens.

Our 2021 Corporate Citizenship Report highlights what we’ve achieved over the last year and the strengths we look to build on going forward.

We are focused on executing our evolving business strategy and ESG vision delivering on our commitment to hire, develop, and retain diverse talent and maintaining the highest ethical standards.

We are in a unique position to help multiple industries improve their sustainability.

Approximately 50% of our research and development spend on new product introductions is on our ESG related portfolio, much of which relates to reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

We’ve reduced our own GHG intensity by more than 90% over the past 17 years, and we pledged in April 2021 to becoming carbon neutral in our operations and facilities by 2035.

Our procedures require our new products to undergo an eco efficiency assessment that considers opportunities to improve energy efficiency or other environmental aspects, and each quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.

For all the continuing challenges associated with COVID 19, the pandemic has shown every company the value of being a good corporate citizen.

Honeywell’s people are energized by the opportunity to tackle the world’s most daunting problems and create a better tomorrow for our stakeholders and future generations.

While the past two years have posed significant challenges to all of us personally and professionally, I’m honored to serve as Honeywell’s Lead Director and have enjoyed the engagement with shareowners and continued open dialogue that helps make Honeywell a stronger company.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and guiding Honeywell’s management team to ensure it operates in the best long term interests of its stakeholders.

We have a duty to be attuned to the perspectives of our shareowners and to foster the values that help make Honeywell one of the world’s leading companies.

The Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee, for example, provides oversight and thought leadership as the company navigates rapidly evolving Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) priorities.

It also works to ensure Board members demonstrate the leadership traits, independence, and diversity of background that support Honeywell’s long term strategic vision and performance culture.

I hope Honeywell’s 2021 Corporate Citizenship Report will give you a better understanding of how the company is approaching the most consequential business and ESG opportunities during this remarkable period.

I speak for the entire Board when I say I am highly encouraged by Honeywell’s progress and eager to see all it will accomplish as a premier global technology company.

Honeywell is in the business of changing how the world works.

We work on cultivating a culture of creativity, speed, and agility every day so we can meet all challenges head on.

When COVID 19 struck, Honeywell produced and distributed millions of respirators and masks to cities, states, and countries.

We co authored a playbook for orchestrating mass vaccination events and developed better ways to deliver vaccines.

But earning a reputation as a leading industrial technology company doesn’t come from just what we’ve accomplished.

The world is changing at hyperspeed, and Honeywell is leading the way.

We use predictive analytics, for instance, to help monitor maintenance needs for aircraft while they’re in the air.

Jets may someday use electric propulsion or Honeywell Green Jet Fuel as alternatives to fossil fuel.

We also develop software that detects toxic gases by listening for them leverage artificial intelligence to streamline e commerce create software that transforms the operation of large buildings devise cybersecurity systems to safeguard critical infrastructure and use augmented reality to aid field technicians when making repairs.

It takes remarkable employees to develop creative solutions, and Honeywell is building exceptional talent in part through employee networks that focus on career and skill development, provide networking opportunities, and promote cultural awareness and respect.

At Honeywell, we prize differing backgrounds, perspectives, and viewpoints, and use that mindset to drive innovation that makes a difference in the world.

Available through the Honeywell Partnership Ecosystem.

Despite challenges created by the COVID 19 pandemic, Honeywell Aerospace made several important strides over the last year in product development and partnerships to help make air travel safer, more efficient, and more environmentally responsible.

Honeywell entered into a long term agreement with leading mobility supplier DENSO Corp., which draws upon the organizations’ respective aerospace and automotive backgrounds to develop and manufacture electric propulsion systems for aircraft.

The companies are initially prioritizing the urban air mobility (UAM) segment with a focus on air taxis and delivery vehicles.

These systems are designed to provide an electrified power source that will result in cleaner, safer, more efficient, and quieter air transportation.

The partnership will strengthen each company's efforts to achieve carbon neutrality, which for Honeywell is a 2035 goal for its facilities and operations.

Honeywell is preparing to demonstrate a new turbogenerator capable of running on aviation biofuel, as well as conventional jet fuel and diesel.

The new turbogenerator can also be powered by Honeywell Green Jet Fuel, which is chemically similar to fossil fuel but made from more sustainable alternatives.

This turbogenerator will operate high power electric motors or charge batteries and can also be used in heavy lift cargo drones, air taxis, or commuter aircraft.

In September 2021, Honeywell and United announced a joint multimillion dollar investment in Alder Fuels a clean tech company that is pioneering first of its kind technologies for producing sustainable aviation fuel at scale by converting abundant biomass, such as forest and crop waste, into low carbon, drop in replacement crude oil that can be used to produce aviation fuel.

When used together across the fuel lifecycle, the Alder technologies, coupled with Honeywell’s Ecofining process, aims to produce fuel that is a 100% drop in replacement for petroleum jet fuel.

Two more airlines are now using Honeywell Forge software to help increase operational efficiencies and decrease costs, such as reducing unnecessary fuel burn.

GOL Airlines of Brazil and Sky Regional Airlines of Canada joined a growing list of more than 10,000 aircrafts worldwide harnessing the power of Honeywell Forge, with more than 3,000 using the Honeywell Forge Flight Efficiency module to help reduce fuel costs.

Honeywell Building Technologies (HBT) is transforming the way buildings operate to help improve quality of life.

HBT’s hardware, software, and analytics are used in more than 10 million buildings worldwide to help create safer, more efficient, and productive facilities.

The Sydney Opera House named Honeywell as its first Global Goals partner to help support the world famous performing arts center's commitment to sustainability, diversity, and inclusion.

During the three year partnership, the Opera House and Honeywell have agreed to collaborate on initiatives aligned with the UN Global Goals, including helping the Opera House become climate positive by 2023.

The partnership will stage an event to showcase how engineers are contributing to positive social and environmental change and will also seek to provide opportunities for indigenous (Australia's First Nations) peoples.

We are pleased to work with the Opera House as its first Global Goals partner and demonstrate our shared values to protect the environment, said Doug Wright, president and CEO, HBT.

The Opera House has long set the standard for more sustainable buildings in Australia with regard to improved energy efficiency, water management and waste reduction.

Honeywell technology has already helped the Opera House reduce its water consumption by 30% through improved monitoring and supported our goal of reducing energy use by 20%, said Sydney Opera House CEO Louise Herron.

Honeywell recently started the next phase of an infrastructure modernization project to improve energy resiliency at Kunsan Air Base, a U.S. Air Force Base in Gunsan, South Korea.

The 23 million project is intended to improve fuel supply reliability through the installation of natural gas service on the base.

This is also expected to increase security by reducing the need for frequent fuel oil deliveries and create a better experience on base for its airmen.

The work is projected to reduce the base's energy consumption by 11% and nearly 59,000 MMBtus annually.

Honeywell and Indian River State College (IRSC) in Florida launched a comprehensive infrastructure improvement project designed to increase energy efficiency across all five of IRSC’s campuses through a series of building upgrades.

The improvements, implemented through an Energy Savings Performance Contract, are projected to reduce energy usage, water consumption, and operational costs by at least 850,000 annually and cut carbon dioxide emissions by an estimated 4,185 metric tons.

Natural and organic foods retailer Whole Foods Market adopted Honeywell’s Solstice N40 (R 448A) lower global warming potential (GWP) refrigerant in its stores across the United States to reduce refrigerant emissions under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's GreenChill program.

Whole Foods is retrofitting its commercial refrigeration systems at more than 100 stores with Honeywell's reduced GWP alternative, replacing high global warming potential refrigerants R 404A and R 22.

Several other retailers made similar moves, including:.

Supermarket retailer Papaya Fresh Gallery for use in its stores across Indonesia.

Supermarket retailer Lotte Mart for use in its stores throughout.

Vietnam, making it the first supermarket chain in the country to adopt it as a R 404A replacement.

Solstice N40 has become the trusted choice for both commercial and industrial refrigeration customers globally to meet sustainability goals, and we are proud to assist the industry in moving toward the future with environmentally preferable and energy efficient refrigerants, said George Koutsaftes, President of Honeywell Advanced Materials.

Honeywell has also launched its inaugural Solstice Awards program, designed to honor companies around the world that are visibly demonstrating their commitment to sustainable air conditioning and refrigeration by adopting refrigerants based on its proprietary Solstice technology to maximize efficiency and reduce their carbon footprint.

Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) develops process technologies, automation solutions, advanced materials, and industrial software that are transforming industries around the world.

PMT businesses manufacture a wide variety of high performance products, including environmentally preferable materials used to produce refrigerants, blowing agents, aerosols and solvents, pharmaceutical packaging, fine chemicals, additives, and high strength fiber for military, law enforcement, and industrial use.

The new single stage technology is a fast to market, low capital cost solution that produces higher yields of renewable diesel fuel than other single stage technologies.

The single stage Ecofining process produces Honeywell Green Diesel which is chemically identical to petroleum based diesel and can be used as a drop in replacement in vehicles with no modifications.

It also features up to an 80% lifecycle reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions compared with diesel made from petroleum.

Brazil based ECB Group will use Honeywell’s UOP Ecofining process to convert vegetable oils and inedible animal fats into renewable diesel and jet fuel at the Omega Green production facility in Villeta, near Asuncion, Paraguay.

This marks the first advanced biofuels project in Paraguay, as well as the largest private investment in the country’s history.

TotalEnergies, a broad energy company that produces and markets energies on a global scale, will use Honeywell UOP Ecofining process technology to produce renewable fuels, primarily for the aviation industry, at its Grandpuits platform at Seine et Marne in north central France.

The new single stage Ecofining process can help a refiner meet stricter regulations for sustainable fuels production with significant revenue advantages and minimal equipment and space requirements, said Ben Owens, Vice President and General Manager, Honeywell Sustainable Technology Solutions.

Honeywell rapidly expanded its domestic PPE production operations as part of its response to the COVID 19 pandemic.

The company delivered N95 respirators and disposable surgical face masks to multiple locations in the U.S. for healthcare systems, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

In addition, the company shipped millions of masks to state and local governments in support of their response to COVID 19 and for their PPE stockpiles.

The company achieved a significant milestone by delivering more than 225 million respirators and face masks in one month.

Honeywell launched its Gas Cloud Imaging system in Europe to provide automated and continuous monitoring for leaks of dangerous and polluting gases such as methane at oil and gas, chemical, and power generation facilities across the continent.

Reducing gas emissions such as methane from hydrocarbon operations is one the most cost effective and impactful methods to help reach global climate and environmental goals, according to the International Energy Agency.

Honeywell and Premier Inc. created a new commercial relationship to expand the domestic production of nitrile exam gloves.

Since the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic, the supply of exam gloves has been constrained as global demand skyrocketed.

As a result, Premier member hospitals reported access to exam gloves as one of their greatest product related challenges to care for patients.

The collaboration between Premier and Honeywell is expected to expand access to domestically manufactured exam gloves for U.S. hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare providers.

Honeywell and Premier share a commitment to increase the domestic production capacity for safety solutions to help to protect American healthcare workers, said Praveen Reddy, President of Honeywell's PPE business.

Our N95 respirators are protecting millions of healthcare workers, and now we're bringing our technical and supply chain management expertise to support another category of essential PPE.

Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) provides products, software, and connected solutions that improve productivity, workplace safety, and asset performance for our customers across the globe.

We do this through industry leading mobile devices, software, cloud technology and automation solutions, the broadest range of personal protective equipment (PPE) and gas detection technology, and custom engineered sensors, switches, and controls.

Honeywell launched a cloud based solution that streamlines and combines operational and business data for building owners and managers to support better decision making, drive greater efficiencies, and reach sustainability goals.

The new solution, Honeywell Forge Real Estate Operations, extends the capabilities of Honeywell Forge enterprise performance management software and was jointly developed with SAP on the SAP Business Technology Platform.

Bluewater Health, one of the largest hospitals in Ontario, Canada, implemented Honeywell Forge Enterprise Performance Management solution at its locations in Petrolia and Sarnia to improve efficiency and improve building resiliency.

Honeywell Forge Predictive Maintenance was deployed to analyze and optimize building systems maintenance at the hospitals.

The solution has helped the hospital reduce electricity usage by an average of 8% of expected consumption and reduce gas usage by almost 12% against the target over the first few months of the deployment.

Honeywell partnered with Vertiv a global leader in critical infrastructure for data centers and network to introduce a joint offering to improve sustainability at data center operations.

Data centers are very energy intensive, and Honeywell’s operational technology experience will help reduce energy use in data centers by combining intelligent selection of energy resources with centralized visibility of operations.

Combined, the companies will sell industry leading product brands that provide best in class differentiated support to data centers including Honeywell Forge Energy Optimization.

Honeywell’s Enterprise Performance Management software, known as Honeywell Forge, features connected software and hardware solutions that measure, optimize, and automate operations, as an open, extensible, cyber secure offering designed to work across any enterprise.

Honeywell’s Board of Directors and management team remain steadfastly committed to the highest environmental, social, and governance performance standards.

This long term strategy fuels Honeywell’s position as a leader in our industries and one of the world’s largest and most admired companies.

Our products and services address some of the most critical challenges in efficiency, safety, security, and productivity.

In 2021, Honeywell once again earned recognition as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, a global leader in corporate ethics and compliance.

This is the sixth time Honeywell has received this designation.

Honeywell is committed to obtaining Code of Business Conduct certification from 100% of all eligible employees at all levels of the organization, including production employees.

The company has met that commitment every year since 2018.

This certification requirement covers more than 100,000 employees every year.

Our Code of Business Conduct is a baseline set of requirements that defines how we treat employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, and communities around the world.

It also empowers employees to recognize and report Integrity and Compliance issues, and to contribute toward upholding a work environment where everyone is treated ethically and with respect.

Through close collaboration with risk area owners and subject matter experts, Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance team revises the Code of Business Conduct every year to ensure it remains up to date.

A work environment in which employees can communicate openly and voice concerns without fear of retaliation, intimidation, or harassment.

Honest and fair business practices, avoiding conflicts of interests, and prohibiting improper payments.

Robust data privacy and sound cybersecurity practices.

Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance Program is a leadership driven and shared responsibility program that allows for integrated accountability and consistency through the various businesses and global operations.

The company has a dedicated Integrity and Compliance organization that is led by the Chief Compliance Officer, who also serves as Corporate Secretary, and has direct access to the Board of Directors.

The Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) and the Audit Committee directly oversee the Integrity and Compliance program.

The CGRC receives regular reports from the Chief Compliance Officer detailing the company’s integrity and compliance program, ethics assessment results, and critical regulatory compliance programs.

The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports detailing significant investigations and disciplinary actions taken in response to substantiated allegations.

Honeywell provides comprehensive training on key compliance topics and develops training scenarios in over 20 languages, offers mechanisms for employees and third parties to report concerns (including doing so anonymously) under a strict non retaliation policy, and ensures timely and fair investigations of all allegations.

We design robust and frequent communications to engage all levels.

The ACCESS Integrity Helpline is a 24 hour, multilingual service operated by an independent third party provider that is open to all stakeholders.

Honeywell investigates 100% of allegations reported through the Helpline or brought to the Integrity and Compliance Office.

Employees found in violation of our Code of Business Conduct are subject to discipline, up to and including termination, in compliance with all local requirements.

Integrity and Compliance Councils operate at the corporate, business unit, and regional levels.

An Ethics Ambassador Program empowers business leaders around the globe to champion integrity and compliance topics with employees.

We deliver mandatory companywide training for all employees in health, safety, and environmental responsibility non discrimination conflicts of interest anti corruption and trade controls. of the company on the criticality of integrity and compliance.

We invest in essential compliance tools that offer real time visibility into business transactions.

We station global compliance teams in regions at elevated risk for compliance concerns.

We conduct frequent self assessments, independent internal and third party reviews, and audits of compliance risk areas.

Robust integration processes ensure newly acquired companies understand and comply with Honeywell principles, policies, and procedures.

Honeywell’s Code of Business Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct and our Human Rights Policy address a broad range of human and workplace rights in our global operations and supply chain to ensure fairness, ethical behavior, dignity, and respect.

Our Human Rights Policy applies to all Honeywell workers worldwide, including contingent workers, agents, and candidates for hire.

Honeywell also requires suppliers to uphold human rights principles as described in Honeywell’s Code of Business Conduct.

These expectations are endorsed by Honeywell’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and reinforced through various internal and external communication channels.

Key elements of our Human Rights Policy include: Inclusion and Diversity, Workplace Respect, Freedom of Association, Safe and Healthy Workplace, Workplace Security, Work Hours and Wages, Forced Labor and Human Trafficking, Child Labor, and Rights of Local Communities and those who live and work there.

Honeywell has policies, processes, training, and other monitoring systems in place to help it fulfill its Human Rights commitments.

Honeywell’s comprehensive Global Data Privacy Program is based upon our strong commitment to protect the personal data of employees, customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders.

Honeywell’s privacy policies establish uniform global standards for how the company processes personal data.

Our policies and practices promote adherence to data privacy principles that are commonly recognized around the world and respect the privacy rights of data subjects.

To the extent that applicable law or contractual provisions impose stricter requirements than our policies, Honeywell always complies with the more restrictive legal or contractual requirements.

We also maintain robust cybersecurity incident response procedures that allow us to respond appropriately and promptly to any potential incidents.

Honeywell has established an information security framework to help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets and ensure regulatory, operational, and contractual requirements are fulfilled.

Our framework includes regular internal and external audits vulnerability assessments and penetration testing of the company’s systems, products and practices systematic employee training on cybersecurity issues and robust measures to monitor and respond to data breach and cybersecurity incidents.

In addition, the company has received Cyber Essential Scheme (CES) certification and ISO 27001 certification for certain businesses, complies with the IASME standard, has completed the Cyber GRX Tier 3 assessment, and maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy.

The Board of Directors’ CGRC places an emphasis on ensuring that Board members demonstrate the right leadership traits, personality, work ethic, independence, and diversity of background to align with Honeywell’s performance culture and long term strategic vision.

When identifying Board candidates, the CGRC requires that qualified candidates who are diverse with respect to race, ethnicity, and or gender are included in the pool from which any new director nominee is selected, and that one or more diverse candidates have been interviewed before a successful candidate is identified.

This is to ensure we continue to enhance both the diversity of the Board and the perspectives and values that are discussed in Board and committee meetings.

The Board uses a skills and experience matrix to facilitate the review of our directors’ skills versus those deemed necessary to oversee the company’s current strategy.

The skills included in the matrix are evaluated against the company’s articulated strategy each year so the matrix can serve as an up to date tool for identifying director nominees who collectively possess the complementary experience, qualifications, skills, and attributes to guide the company.

The Board and the CGRC proactively oversee the company’s overall environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance.

The CGRC has responsibility for reviewing Honeywell’s ESG performance, strategies, goals, and objectives, monitoring ESG risks and opportunities, and overseeing ESG disclosure.

Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) by the Board, supported by regular engagement with the senior leaders accountable for the respective areas.

The Board leverages our enterprise risk management program and strategic planning process to identify and prioritize ESG risks and opportunities, assess the company’s performance, and monitor risk mitigation efforts.

Management Development and Compensation Committee Human Capital Management.

Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations.

The Board uses an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program as a key tool for understanding the range of risks facing Honeywell, as well as assessing whether management’s processes, procedures, and practices for mitigating those risks are effective.

The ERM assessment deployed by management is robust, based on both an enterprise wide top down and bottom up view of commercial, strategic, legal, compliance, cyber, and reputational risks, and the strategies that are in place to mitigate those risks.

The ERM framework also incorporates ESG risks and opportunities, enabling a thorough assessment of the company’s performance across the ESG landscape.

The Vice President and staff of the Corporate Audit Department, and the Vice President and General Counsel, ESG, facilitate the ERM program and are primarily responsible for the annual assessment.

The Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and the Senior Vice President and General Counsel review ERM results with the full Board, CGRC and Audit Committee each year.

Honeywell maintains a robust shareowner engagement program that features year round opportunities for its Board and senior management, including our independent lead director and executive officers, to engage in dialogue with key stakeholders.

Based on this dialogue, we have implemented actions over the last several years to increase shareowner rights, enhance the Board’s structure, increase transparency, and augment our commitment to sustainability and corporate responsibility.

Our shareowner engagement program has covered topics such as our business strategy, comprehensive portfolio review, corporate governance practices, executive compensation programs, CEO succession, political lobbying disclosures, inclusion and diversity, human capital management, sustainability, and social responsibility.

In 2021, the company launched a Diversity Career Advancement Program that is designed to achieve similarly important outcomes for people of color.

Working at Honeywell requires fully embracing Inclusion and Diversity, and that mindset starts with the Board of Directors and executive leadership team. (More than half of the company’s most senior officers are diverse by ethnic background, non U.S. place of birth, or gender.) That support influences Honeywell’s evolving business strategy and drive to hire, develop, and retain top, diverse talent.

Honeywell and its Board of Directors are proud to congratulate outstanding Board members Robin Washington and Deborah Flintn on their inclusion on Savoy’s 2021 list of Most Influential Black Corporate Directors.

Inclusion and Diversity is a foundational principle at Honeywell and our commitment starts at the top.

Savoy Magazine named Honeywell Board Members Robin Washington and Deborah Flint to its list of 2021 Most Influential Black Corporate Directors.

This listing recognized an elite cohort of African American men and women with an exceptional track record contributing leadership to corporate boards.

Washington previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a Fortune 500 research based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and commercializes innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need.

In this role, she oversaw the company’s Investor Relations, Global Finance, and Information Technology organizations.

Flint is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Greater Toronto Airports Authority.

She serves as a director on the Airport Council International World Board and is the Board Chair of the World Standing Safety and Technical Committee.

We believe any meaningful policy involving inclusion and diversity must begin at the top, said Anne Madden, who has helped lead Honeywell’s commitment to maintaining an inclusive and diverse culture since becoming Senior Vice President and General Counsel in 2017.

Our Board, comprised of three women, two Hispanic, and two African American directors, provides the company with a balanced approach to developing a strategic, long term vision that is both fair and inclusive.

Honeywell launched its Women’s Advancement Program in 2019, which focuses on each participant’s career advancement and seeks to empower them through workplace training and development opportunities and by expanding their internal networks for promotional opportunities.

We believe responsible supply chain management is critical to upholding our commitment to integrity and compliance, mitigating financial risk, and acting as a good corporate citizen.

Honeywell’s Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) activities are managed by a global team of seasoned professionals with expertise in risk management, procurement, supply management, operations management, logistics, and supply chain performance optimization.

Our management structure ensures we have the necessary expertise to support the broad scope of our supply chain operations.

Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct sets forth its commitment to Integrity and Compliance within its global supply chain.

We expect all our suppliers to adhere to the Supplier Code and ensure these requirements are met within their supply chain.

Supplier adherence is a key consideration when we make sourcing decisions.

Provide their employees with a safe working environment.

Engage in environmentally sound and sustainable manufacturing processes.

Comply with the law in all countries in which they conduct business.

Foster a culture in which employees and managers can communicate openly and raise concerns without fear of retaliation, intimidation, or harassment.

Labor and Human Rights including fair treatment of employees, no child or involuntary labor, fair wages and benefits, subcontractor compliance, and acceptable living conditions.

Health and Safety including occupational safety, emergency preparedness, and sanitation.

Environmental including environmental permits, waste, and pollution management, labeling and warning requirements, hazardous substance management and reporting and appropriate programs to understand and mitigate greenhouse gas emissions in their operations, facilities, and supply chain.

Integrity and Compliance including books and recordkeeping, business integrity, protection of intellectual property, substance abuse, responsible sourcing of minerals, and quality.

Management Systems including management accountability, risk management, training, standards, audits, and assessments.

The Supplier Code is upheld through regular monitoring of our suppliers’ quality, ethics, and manufacturing practices.

When a supplier is found to be in violation of any Honeywell standard, they are either removed or guided and monitored to achieve an acceptable performance level.

If the violation is related to unethical or illegal activities, the supplier is permanently removed as a viable supply source.

We are committed to supporting diversity in everything we do from the talent we hire to the suppliers with whom we work.

Our Supplier Diversity Program supports suppliers in pioneering creative solutions, driving innovation, and creating competition in the marketplace.

High risk territories on a variety of risk factors including corruption and human trafficking.

Audits are performed by a qualified third party using a standardized assessment that incorporates the requirements of our Supplier Code.

This process includes conducting thorough onsite audits and preparing detailed audit reports.

Corrective action plans are required for any gaps identified in audit results and are assigned an owner who consistently monitors progress against agreed upon timelines with the expectation that nonconformance items will be fully resolved.

Significant findings may lead to the immediate removal of a supplier from Honeywell’s approved supplier list.

Honeywell has established standardized policies and processes to evaluate suppliers prior to selection, including detailed compliance checks and rating assessments encompassing supply chain risk management.

All new suppliers must pass this assessment process prior to contracting with Honeywell.

Additionally, Honeywell uses robust contract terms and conditions language to ensure all suppliers meet regulatory requirements and commit to adhere to our strict Supplier Code.

As a manufacturer of electronic equipment, many of our products require the use of critical materials, such as fluorspar, precious metals, minor metals, and rare earth materials.

We recognize that there is inherent risk associated with such materials, including potential supply issues, lack of available substitutes, increased global demand driving heightened competition, and impacts from geopolitical uncertainty.

We take a multifaceted approach to risk mitigation to ensure product availability, manage price increases, and manage supply risk.

Practice hedging, forward buying, and lock pricing to ensure continued supply and pricing stability of critical materials.

Monitor geopolitical trends through a tool for universal grading of active production suppliers.

Conduct financial risk assessments using Dun Bradstreet.

Secure multiple sources for material where possible.

Honeywell is committed to the responsible sourcing of tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold (3TG) throughout our global supply chain and compliance with the conflict minerals disclosure requirements implemented by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Each year, we undertake reasonable due diligence to determine if any of our products contain 3TG originating in the Democratic Republic of Congo and bordering countries.

Selected 3TG suppliers participate in an annual Conflict Minerals Reporting Template survey conducted by Honeywell that asks if they are following ethical practices and using valid sources to procure the materials.

We then file a public report with the SEC on the outcome of the 3TG inquiries and the potential use of 3TG in our products.

Honeywell is committed to properly training our procurement employees to better enable them to uphold our standards when sourcing materials.

We have developed robust curricula tailored to specific types of jobs.

In addition to deploying training on standard procurement practices, employees are also educated on supplier risk management, conflicts of interest, code of conduct, governance, and all applicable Honeywell procurement policies.

Honeywell maintains extensive product and service safety programs across the enterprises, focusing on quality and safety throughout the product lifecycle, from design to manufacture to the marketplace.

An extensive safety policy with objectives, accountability, and responsibilities assigned.

Safety risk management, which includes hazard identification and risk assessment and control.

Safety assurance to monitor and assess performance.

Safety promotion by engaging in formal training programs and communication.

The Engineering, Quality, Technology, and Research Development teams within Honeywell’s SBUs use development phase gates to assess new offerings’ safety and quality, and work closely with the company’s Regulatory, Product Stewardship, and Legal functions to properly address relevant regulatory, labeling, and marketing requirements.

Due to the diversified product offerings across the enterprise, quality and safety programs are tailored to specific regulatory guidelines and jurisdictional rules.

Risk assessments are conducted throughout Honeywell’s operations as products are developed, introduced, and produced.

To ensure Honeywell’s products and services meet the highest standards, employees receive regular training, products and services are monitored for safety, and emergency response procedures are regularly tested.

Honeywell Aerospace’s safety and integrity initiatives are administered by the Product Integrity, Product Assurance Chief Engineering function.

This function is run in parallel, but independently, to the SBU’s other businesses to avoid apparent conflicts of interests, while safeguarding its commitment to safety and integrity.

Honeywell Aerospace’s Safety Management System is used in the.

Design Certification Process, Production Systems and Continued Airworthiness Management, and governs processes, procedures, personal, equipment, and facilities standards.

As part of the Safety Management System, Honeywell identifies the customer and regulatory requirements, including AS9100 standards, and the approved product design requirements.

Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies (PMT) safety programs provide a comprehensive framework to drive continuous improvement in product safety and stewardship.

Among other things, PMT integrates health and safety considerations into all aspects of its business, with a focus on driving compliance with all applicable regulations.

In dealing with product and service safety risk assessments, product service objectives or targets, and regular external product service safety audits, Honeywell Building Technologies (HBT) drives success by focusing on quality and safety through the product lifecycle.

HBT aligns the Engineering, Quality and Safety teams with the design and manufacturing teams to provide pre product launch approvals.

Using key metrics such as First Pass Yield, which monitors the robustness of the manufacturing processes, customer field performance metrics, and the business unit’s Product Safety Global Procedure QP PSC 01, which addresses potential safety issues as they arise in pre post launch testing, all help to ensure a rigorous and scientific approach to quality and safety.

Product assurance and safety is a key part of Honeywell Connected suite of products, services, and solutions with a focus on automation, productivity, and safety.

SPS cross functional teams of engineers, scientists, and product stewardship professionals use a phase gate approach to bring new offerings to market, and SPS legal and regulatory teams are integrated in product development to bring a continued focus on compliance with applicable regulations.

Product compliance, engineering, and product management teams conduct a software assurance review using standardized checklists and methodology to evaluate all software products.

Software goes through a testing and quality management process before release and is consistently updated through its lifecycle.

Based on feedback from stakeholders, Honeywell has continued to enhance its political engagement disclosures.

The Center for Political Accountability now rates Honeywell as a Trendsetter among first tier companies, and in 2020, Honeywell was one of only 12 companies in the S P 500 that received a Center for Political Accountability score of 100%.

Disclosures are available at investor.honeywell.com.

When considering what to include in disclosures, Honeywell makes every effort to be accurate and comprehensive while considering the perspective of the company’s largest shareowners.

Disclosures include explanations of the company’s rationale for engaging in the political process, identifying top legislative and regulatory priorities, and defining governance processes.

The use of corporate funds for political contributions and contributions to tax exempt organizations that may use funds for political purposes.

Details regarding Honeywell’s exclusively employee funded political action committee, the Honeywell International Political Action Committee (HIPAC), including its disbursements.

Streamlined and direct access to federal, state and local lobbying reports.

Engagement in the political process is critical to Honeywell’s success.

The company’s future growth depends on forward thinking legislation and regulation that makes society safer, more energy efficient and improves public infrastructure.

The company strives to engage responsibly in the political process and to ensure that its participation is consistent with all applicable laws and regulations, its principles of good governance, and its high standards of ethical conduct.

The Law Department oversees the company’s lobbying activities.

Honeywell’s Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, reports to the Senior Vice President and General Counsel and works closely with the Vice President and General Counsel, ESG, whose organization ensures compliance with our political spending policy.

The company’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel its Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations and Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer meet regularly with Honeywell’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and his leadership team to review legislative, regulatory, and political developments.

Honeywell’s public policy efforts, including all lobbying activities, political contributions, and payments to trade associations and other tax exempt organizations, are the responsibility of the Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC), which consists entirely of independent, nonemployee directors.

Each year, the CGRC receives an annual report on the company’s policies and practices regarding political contributions.

The Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, also reports to the CGRC each year on trade association memberships and to the full Board on the global lobbying and government relations program.

The CGRC’s oversight of the company’s political activities ensures compliance with applicable law and alignment with its policies, strategic priorities, Code of Business Conduct, and values.

In 2020, the company established an Advisory Board of leaders representing a cross section of Honeywell who meet regularly to review proposed HIPAC disbursements to assess alignment with Honeywell’s foundational principles: Integrity and Ethics, Inclusion and Diversity, and Workplace Respect.

The Advisory Board meets at the start of each Congress, and at least quarterly thereafter, to determine whether proposed recipients of HIPAC funding are eligible in alignment with Honeywell’s foundational values.

Advisory Board decisions are documented and reported quarterly to the HIPAC Board of Directors and to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President, Global Government Relations, also includes notable Advisory Board decisions in his annual report to the CGRC.

Working at Honeywell requires fully embracing Inclusion and Diversity (I D). The company’s Board of Directors believes that its diversity and the diversity of the company’s executive leadership (more than half of the company’s executive officers are diverse by ethnic background, non U.S. place of birth, or gender) supports its evolving business strategy and is a testament to Honeywell’s ongoing commitment to hiring, developing, and retaining diverse talent.

The company’s commitment to I D enables better decision making, helps build competitive advantages, and furthers long term success.

I D is one of our foundational principles, and Honeywell expects all employees to exemplify those principles.

Cultivate a workforce that reflects our communities and the world.

Sustain a pipeline of diverse talent from campus to the C Suite.

Promote a culture of inclusion, accessibility, and respect.

Create employee development and advancement opportunities.

Offer competitive compensation, rewards, and recognition.

Facilitating the introduction of these new Employee Networks to reflect the diverse characteristics of Honeywell’s workforce.

Reinforcing Honeywell’s commitment to I D and its zero tolerance policy on discrimination in a video featuring the Chairman and CEO with the Senior Vice President and General Counsel, as well as through a series of town hall meetings conducted company wide the company continues to emphasize this message through training programs and regular communications.

Deploying mandatory unconscious bias training to our global workforce to educate and influence behavior.

Entering into a five year corporate sponsorship with the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C., which is a part of the Smithsonian Institution and hosts millions of visitors each year this partnership enables robust learning and virtual volunteering opportunities for Honeywell employees of all races and backgrounds.

Sponsoring the Carolina Youth Coalition, a nonprofit organization that prepares high achieving, under resourced high school students to get into, excel at, and graduate from college.

Establishing a Global I D Steering Committee co sponsored by.

Continuing to expand recruitment efforts at diversity conferences and.

Fortifying Honeywell’s I D governance structure by embedding I D Councils in each business group, providing a scalable model that supports the company’s six affinity group Employee Networks which are open to all employees in support of women, Black, Hispanic, veteran, LGBTQ , and employees with disabilities.

Establishing 2021 goals for each direct CEO staff officer that includes an annual objective of driving diversity within his or her organization.

Excludes Sandia National Laboratories (Sandia) and Kansas City National Security Campus (KCNSC) workforces.

Sandia and KCNSC are U.S. Department of Energy facilities.

Honeywell manages these facilities as a contract operator but does not establish or control their human resources policies.

Honeywell is involved with a range of external professional organizations, including the Society of Women Engineers, the National Society of Black Engineers, the Society of Hispanic Engineers, the Anita Borg Institute, Catalyst, the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity, and Disability:IN.

In 2019, the company launched its partnership with the Executive Leadership Council, an organization that supports the development of global Black leaders by delivering programs for Black employees to develop skills for executive and C suite roles.

Honeywell also partners with top academic institutions for their quality of programs and commitment to creating a diverse student population and future workforce.

From the C suite to the shop floor, the company’s leaders are expected to exemplify behaviors that promote an open, inclusive, and accessible culture.

This includes embedding I D into all of our systems and processes, ensuring our operations are conducted in local markets and languages, and supporting our Supplier Diversity Program.

Honeywell’s I D talent strategy focuses on five key pillars, and we are driving a number of strategic initiatives behind each one.

Honeywell provides training and resources to hiring managers to reinforce their role in bringing diverse talent into the organization.

The company applies a diversity of slate requirement when hiring for any exempt role in the U.S. or for any management, professional, or senior administrative role globally.

This means that all managers must interview at least one diverse candidate when hiring for these roles, and any exception must be reported to the responsible Human Resources leader for approval prior to filling the position.

Senior management monitors compliance through diversity scorecards.

This approach helps ensure that women and people of color are represented as the company selects the best candidate.

Honeywell launched its Women’s Advancement Program in 2019, which focuses on each participant’s career advancement and seeks to empower each class of women through workplace training and development opportunities, as well as by expanding their internal networks for promotional opportunities.

In 2021, the company launched a Diversity Career Advancement Program that is designed to achieve similarly important outcomes for people of color.

To attract and retain diverse talent, the company aims to showcase its culture and values as well as its commitment to inclusion and diversity.

The company’s futureshapers brand campaign continues to focus on storytelling by a highly diverse array of Honeywell employees and seeks to humanize the brand by authentically tying innovative solutions and technologies back to talented teammates and their work at Honeywell.

In January 2021, Honeywell, Atrium Health, Tepper Sports Entertainment, and Charlotte Motor Speedway pooled their respective expertise to stage mass COVID 19 vaccination events in and around Charlotte, North Carolina, providing shots to tens of thousands of people.

Honeywell leveraged some of its leading productivity and supply chain automation solutions, usually deployed in warehouse and distribution center operations used by large e commerce and retail companies, to expedite data management and traffic flow.

Honeywell video management systems and video analytics used artificial intelligence to count cars and people to predict and improve patient wait time and determine staffing needs.

Combined, these technologies helped lessen bottlenecks, reduced waiting times, and increased the doses administered at each site.

Titled A Leader's Guide to Safe, Fast and Equitable Community Vaccination Events, the playbook provided best practices on planning, organizing, and conducting mass vaccinations in an accelerated, efficient manner.

Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer Torsten Pilz was charged with bringing the company’s logistics expertise and cutting edge technology to bear on the design of these clinics.

During multi day vaccination events at Bank of America Stadium and Charlotte Motor Speedway, two of the largest sporting venues in North Carolina, the partners efficiently and safely enabled about 150,000 people to get vaccinated at a rate of nearly 1,500 shots per hour.

The average time from start to finish for the process was approximately 25 30 minutes per person, including the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended observation time of 15 30 minutes.

These clinics were among the largest vaccination events in the U.S. and the largest in North Carolina, based on patient throughput.

Pilz discussed the impact of the clinics and Honeywell’s role in making them happen.

I feel like we’ve trained for a lifetime for something like this.

We had about 30 people in my division adapt the software and systems to meet Atrium Health’s vaccination needs.

We provided the technology to monitor queuing, to measure patient wait times, and to automate the data entry into the systems, which had been done manually.

If you want to vaccinate over 10,000 people in one day, that is essentially a thousand people an hour.

Much of the process was just basic industrial engineering and the application of well known manufacturing operating principles.

A few seconds saved here and there on vaccine distribution may not feel all that meaningful, but those seconds add up to extra minutes per visit, and the minutes add up to hours when spread out over thousands of people.

As a matter of fact, we had set up crowd control ropes like at Disney World for the Bank of America Stadium event, but we didn’t need them.

The whole system moved so efficiently, people showed up at their designated times and just walked right through.

In fact, I understand one person said the only thing that could have made the experience better is if our volunteer staff also rotated his car tires and changed the oil while he was getting vaccinated.

The entire system was designed so that no one ever had to leave their car.

That sped up the process as one rolls through from registration to the 12 lines into the speedway garage for administration, getting the actual shot and then on to the holding area for observation.

It also significantly reduced chances for exposure to the virus while people were getting vaccinated.

We needed to get back to living our lives again, and this was the fastest way to get people vaccinated.

Our events were a great example of how technology can be used for social good with a combination of public and private partnerships that create an effective and efficient system.

By May 2021, India was reporting approximately 400,000 COVID 19 cases and 4,000 deaths per day.

The country’s healthcare system was reeling and the potential for additional spikes created an unprecedented humanitarian crisis.

Honeywell responded by airlifting N95 respirators, ventilators, medical supplies, and additional personal protective equipment (PPE) to support healthcare workers and the people relying on them.

The company created care centers in Gurugram, Delhi, Nainital, Pune, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, and Haryana equipped with beds, oxygen, PPE kits, medical supplies, and basic medical infrastructure for treating non critical patients.

Honeywell also built intensive care units in Mumbai and Bengaluru as well as critical care centers in Maharashtra and Karnataka with the equipment necessary to support critical COVID patients.

Honeywell is honored to collaborate with the government on initiatives of national interest and we continue working with several state governments to enhance healthcare capacities, said Ashish Gaikwad, President Honeywell India.

It is heartening to see companies like Honeywell stepping forward to augment health infrastructure in the city, said Dr. C.N.

Ashwathnarayan, Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka.

Honeywell also provided much needed food assistance to communities.

One of the biggest challenges facing the country: providing enough oxygen to meet patient demand.

Honeywell developed 10 pressure swing adsorption medical oxygen plants to supply medical grade oxygen to hospitals.

India’s government emphasized saving lives and livelihoods as an important priority throughout the pandemic to aid the country’s recovery once the pandemic subsides.

To assist, Honeywell Hometown Solutions India Foundation, the company’s nonprofit arm in the country, launched five campaigns to bolster India’s health infrastructure, empower communities, and restore livelihoods.

In all, Honeywell has committed approximately 3 million to helping India contend with the COVID 19 pandemic and ensuing humanitarian crisis.

The Health, Safety, Environment, Product Stewardship, and Sustainability (HSEPS) organization, led by our Chief Sustainability Officer, comprises functions focused on workplace safety and health, environmental performance, regulatory compliance, and risk, including risk related to climate change.

Honeywell’s commitment to health, safety, and the environment is outlined in our Sustainable Opportunity Policy.

This policy is deliberately and directly embedded into our companywide operating system, a blueprint for continuous operational improvement, and is the foundational policy for our HSEPS Management System.

Endorsed annually by our Chairman and CEO and senior leadership, the policy is posted in every facility and communicated to all employees and contractors.

Health, safety, and environmental considerations are embedded into every business within Honeywell via our comprehensive management system based on recognized third party standards, including ISO 14001 (the international standard that specifies requirements for an effective environmental management system) and ISO 45001 (which specifies requirements for an occupational health and safety management system), as well as industry best practices.

Since 2004, all Honeywell sites have been required to implement an HSE Management System founded on common core principles.

One key element involves reporting HSE related incidents such as injuries and environmental events via a comprehensive management system software solution.

In addition, Honeywell has developed detailed operational controls in approximately 90 specific areas that prescribe required management elements.

All Honeywell facilities are required to comply with both these operational controls and any applicable legal requirements.

Areas in which specific operational controls are required are listed on our website and include safety, industrial hygiene, loss prevention, environment, health, product stewardship, transportation safety, process safety management, construction safety, and remediation.

Compliance with standards and regulatory requirements is monitored through a companywide audit process.

A team of independent HSEPS led internal and external subject matter experts conduct the audits and focus on verification of requirements and continuous improvement.

When the requirements are not met, corrective action plans are developed, implemented, and monitored through our centralized management system.

Climate related risk is monitored as part of our overall HSEPS risk management.

Our Chief Sustainability Officer monitors emerging developments for climate related risks through a quarterly assessment process.

The climate specific assessment is then evaluated in the context of identifying the company's material risks for disclosure and enterprise risk management purposes and incorporated into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

In conjunction with and as part of our HSEPS Management System, we have a process for specifically tracking emerging regulatory changes and their impact on business operations, sales markets, and costs of doing business which includes climate related impacts.

Our emergency planning procedures are developed based on site risk assessments where physical risks are assessed including worldwide assessments of natural hazard exposures.

The results of the ERM program, the HSEPS led assessments, emergency planning, and our processes for monitoring emerging regulatory changes are evaluated to determine whether any of the identified risks have the potential to generate a substantive change in our business operations, revenue, or expenditures.

Honeywell’s operating system, which drives sustainable improvements and the elimination of waste in manufacturing operations in an effort to generate exceptional performance, is a critical component in how we think about sustainability.

The operating system is a lean based manufacturing system with roles and ownership for all employees from the plant floor to the boardroom to engage in careful planning and analysis, continuous employee engagement in improvement, and thorough follow through.

We launched our revitalized operating system in September 2021.

Called Honeywell Accelerator, it is intended to provide us the robust framework, toolkit, and learning environment to fuel our transformation into a premier technology company and ensure work across the company gets done faster and more efficiently, the Honeywell way.

Honeywell has built sustainability directly into our operating system, so the tools, personnel, activities, and culture are used to drive sustainability with the same focus used to propel other critical operational objectives such as quality, delivery, inventory, and cost.

This ensures sustainability is an integrated and essential part of the Honeywell work experience every day.

In addition, progress on our sustainability program is a factor in determining annual incentive compensation for senior leadership.

In addition to complying with our own strict standards, many of our manufacturing sites have also obtained third party certifications for management systems relating to quality, occupational health and safety, and the environment.

In addition to these certifications, nine Honeywell locations have achieved ISO 50001, the global energy management systems standard for establishing, implementing, and maintaining and improving energy management.

Find details on Safety and Sustainability recognition Honeywell received on our website.

Emergency Management Plans are required everywhere we operate.

As part of the plan development process, emergency scenarios are evaluated to anticipate, prevent, and minimize risks from potential emergencies.

Communicating with employees, contractors, visitors, relevant emergency response services, government authorities, and the local community as appropriate.

Annual engagement with external emergency response providers and local emergency planning committees to discuss coordination, participation, and feedback on potential emergency response activities.

A process for responding to raw material, product, process, and waste material transportation incidents that could occur away from operating locations.

Forums for open dialogue between the community and business representatives to discuss health and safety considerations affecting the community.

In addition, relevant interested parties including customers, neighboring facilities, government partners, and other stakeholders are consulted about matters pertaining to the HSEPS Management System.

We also participate in mutual engagement programs and best practice sharing activities with other organizations as appropriate.

The safety of our employees, contractors, and partners is our top priority.

We use our lean based operating system approach to drive improvements in our safety record.

To establish a uniform standard for evaluation, Honeywell requires all global facilities to report occupational injuries and illnesses pursuant to U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requirements.

We also require our facilities to follow any other reporting requirements in their jurisdictions.

According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the weighted average TCIR of the industries in which Honeywell operates is over 2.0.

Upon identification of a risk, we implement one or more of the following risk reducing controls: eliminate the activity or chemical usage switch to a lower risk activity or chemical install engineered controls apply administrative controls and institute the use of new or different worker personal protective equipment.

The OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) promotes effective site based safety and health protocols and sets performance based criteria for health and safety management systems.

VPP recognizes exemplary achievement in the prevention and control of occupational safety and health hazards as well as the development, implementation, and continuous improvement of their safety and health management system.

Under VPP, management, labor, and OSHA work cooperatively and proactively to prevent fatalities, injuries, and illnesses through a system focused on hazard prevention and control, worksite analysis, training, management commitment, and worker involvement.

To participate, employers must apply to OSHA and undergo a rigorous on site evaluation by a team of safety and health professionals.

To date, 19 Honeywell U.S. manufacturing facilities have earned the prestigious VPP STAR recognition, which Is the highest level given under the program.

Our operating locations rely on comprehensive processes for assessments of hazards that could pose a risk to workers, including employees, contractors, and visitors.

Based on these assessments, risk mitigation controls are identified, implemented, and monitored to help ensure effective worker protections remain in place.

Types of assessments include pre use chemical reviews, personal protective equipment evaluations and inspections, procedure checks for reporting adverse effects from chemicals, and routine exposure monitoring for certain chemicals known to be present in the workplace.

Every year, our High Risk Safety business trains more than 5,000 workers who serve five markets: oil and gas, utilities and energy, construction, commercial building solutions, and heavy metal fabrication.

In addition, the Honeywell Safety Institute provides online resources and certified training programs to both employees and customers around the world.

Honeywell’s Safety and Productivity Solutions business dedicates a tremendous amount of resources to help customers develop and maintain a safety first mindset in the workplace and beyond.

That begins with establishing cultural guidelines that help workers make the right decisions and build an atmosphere of trust.

That’s why personal protective equipment (PPE) is an essential and integral part of every industrial safety program.

On the days when all the safety policies fail us, PPE becomes the last line of defense against injury, loss, and even death, Reddy said.

In December 2020, the scaffold erector for Northwest Scaffold in Portland, Oregon, was attempting to repair a scaffolding canopy that had been damaged by a car.

After climbing the scaffold, he went to repair a wedge beneath the deck, about 10 feet off the ground.

But as he leaned over the edge, the scaffold’s horizontal support failed and Bruneau fell head first.

Fortunately, he was wearing his Miller by Honeywell harness and one year old Miller TurboLite EXTREME Leading Edge Personal Fall Limiter, specially designed for working near sharp edges and non overhead anchor points.

By design, the harness immediately reoriented his body, so he was upright by the time his self retracting lifeline fully arrested and stopped his fall.

When you go to work each day, you never know what’s going to happen, Bruneau said.

That’s why it’s important to take every safety precaution.

I don’t know if that harness saved my life, but it sure kept me from having a really bad day.

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, scaffolding accidents result in 4,500 injuries and over 60 deaths each year. 72% of workers injured in scaffold accidents attributed the accident to the support giving way, or to slipping or being struck by a falling object.

Bruneau added that he doesn’t plan to wear anyone else's gear and completely trusts the Miller protection gear because he knows innovative, reliable equipment can make a potentially life saving difference.

Our commitment to being environmentally responsible is reflected in the extensive work we do to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, increase energy efficiency, conserve water, minimize waste, and drive efficiency throughout our operations.

We also champion responsible remediation projects and efforts to make our products safer and more sustainable.

We are proud of the environmental improvements we have achieved to date and continue our commitment to make our businesses more sustainable.

Pledge to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2035.

Reduce global Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity by an additional 10% from 2018 levels.

Achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management Standard at 10 facilities.

Honeywell reports on its global GHG emissions pursuant to The Greenhouse Gas Protocol and reports publicly through CDP (a U.K. based organization that supports companies’ and cities’ environmental disclosures) and various regulatory agencies.

We have received third party limited assurance per ISO 14064 3 of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions annually since 2011.

Greenhouse Gas Intensity MT CO2e M Revenue The GHG intensity metrics are the sum of our Scope 1 and location based Scope 2 emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent divided by revenue in million U.S. dollars.

Variations in data reported can occur due to timing of reporting, and updates to methodologies as newer reporting protocols and emission factors are adopted.

Our commitment to drive efficiency and act responsibly is reflected in the extensive work we do to make our businesses more environmentally friendly, safer, and more sustainable.

Our operating system, which drives sustainable improvements and the elimination of waste in our manufacturing operations, is a critical component in how we approach environmental stewardship within Honeywell.

A Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team, led by the Chief Sustainability Officer, the Vice President of Global Real Estate and the Senior Director of Sustainability, drives the company’s GHG and energy efficiency goals and ensures that strategy and performance targets are set and monitored.

Each of our strategic business units is required to establish annual sustainability goals, and performance against these goals is monitored by this cross business, cross function team.

This team is responsible for driving sustainability improvements through a rigorous process of goal setting, monitoring and measurement, training, and best practice sharing.

Progress on these goals is reported quarterly to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO and is reviewed with the Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee at least annually.

In April 2021, Honeywell committed to become carbon neutral in its operations and facilities by 2035.

Honeywell intends to accomplish this through a combination of fresh investments in energy savings projects, conversion to renewable energy sources, completion of capital improvement projects at Honeywell sites, upgrading the company’s fleet of vehicles, and, if necessary, using credible carbon credits.

Chief Sustainability Officer Evan van Hook explained how and why it’s important for the company to be an environmental leader.

Essentially, to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations means we are not emitting net positive carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases.

Carbon has been on the global agenda and Honeywell’s agenda for several years.

We actually started our sustainability program in 2004 and have already reduced our greenhouse gas intensity by more than 90% since then.

First, from the personal perspective of a sustainability professional, this is what has made working at Honeywell so exciting.

Many companies are working to reduce their environmental and carbon impact.

Honeywell is in a unique situation in that we are not only working on improving our internal operations, but those internal operations are changing the products and services we offer to our customers.

It’s a dynamic that doesn’t exist in many companies.

When we are seeking to reduce emissions in our operations and facilities, we turn to Honeywell products and services whenever possible.

We also investigate up and down the supply chain to evaluate the carbon emissions created by the products we use.

At the same time, Honeywell engineers and scientists are developing products and services that combat climate change for both the company and our customers and the world.

An excellent example is our Solstice line of low global warming potential refrigerants, propellants, and solvents.

Just that product line alone has helped us and our customers, avoid potential emissions of more than 200 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent from the atmosphere.

That’s the equivalent of removing 42 million cars from the road in one year.

When our customers use Honeywell products and services, they are also taking steps to meet their own climate change goals.

When our customers use Honeywell products and services, they are also taking steps to meet their own climate change goals.

I’m excited about the opportunities to partner with other companies that are on the same journey.

It’s an important aspect of how the company sees itself as a corporate citizen that we are going to participate in this global effort to address climate change.

It’s the right thing to do and I think increasingly this is going to be the expectation for all companies.

This is evidenced in recent years by major institutional investors calling on companies to address global warming.

Businesspeople are beginning to recognize the benefits of a decarbonized, energy efficient economy.

And that just opens so many opportunities for new products and services, and for different ways of doing business.

The HSEPS team combines its deep knowledge of energy and environmental matters with our HSEPS Management System and continuous improvement tools such as tiered accountability, self assessments, and kaizens (short duration projects led by a facilitator, with a specific aim at improvement) to maintain a pipeline of projects that help us achieve our goals.

We install a wide range of technologies, including those from our own product portfolio, at our manufacturing sites and offices around the world.

These include energy management and control systems, automation systems for boilers, LED lighting, HVAC controls, variable frequency drives, occupancy sensors, metering, and renewable energy.

Honeywell exceeded its public goal to improve energy efficiency by more than 20% between 2004 and 2011 and has continued to drive improvements throughout the organization.

Since project tracking began in 2010, more than 5,700 efficiency projects, including building automation and controls, lighting, and mechanical upgrades have been implemented at our facilities, resulting in 100 million in annualized savings.

To support continuous improvement and as part of our HSEPS Management System, our largest sites are required to identify their significant energy use in line with ISO 50001, obtain an energy audit on an established cycle, train personnel on energy management, and track identified projects via our standard database.

This ensures a robust pipeline of both low cost and capital projects that can be considered for execution.

The assurance process we use for our greenhouse gas inventory includes, by default, our energy footprint.

The energy data compiled here represents our global footprint for all our sites.

Estimates are used for some of our smaller sites but are typically in the range of 5% of our overall inventory.

Efficiency projects installed at our site include site wide LED lighting, new variable frequency drives, upgrades to HVAC controls, and compressed air leak detection and repair, all estimated to save nearly 20% of the site’s GHG emissions.

Our site implemented LED lighting in the production area and completed renewal projects for their steam traps and absorption cooling system with an estimated savings of 8% of the site’s GHG emissions.

Our site installed 1,152 solar modules with a total capacity of 426 kWp. The now fully operational array is expected to reduce significant GHG emissions from the site and offset approximately 35% of energy use from the grid.

In late 2020, our site deployed Honeywell’s Forge system to optimize building HVAC operation and improve energy efficiency.

Now in daily operation, HVAC equipment in different areas is autonomously adjusted to centralized fine tuned settings instead of local control, based on the machine learning and algorithms of outdoor weather, indoor temperature changes, and real time occupancy sensor data.

Ultimately, this increases HVAC efficiency and is expected to save energy usage by 5% while improving user comfort.

Honeywell manages water in accordance with all regulatory requirements, while also taking steps to protect and conserve a vital natural resource.

Creating and maintaining a detailed inventory or balance of water intakes, activities using or producing water, and water discharges, including characterization of any wastewaters.

This breakdown of water use facilitates our identification of opportunities for reduction in consumption and waste.

Restrictions on some methods of discharge to limit potential environmental impact.

Good Management Practices to reduce contamination and impact of storm water run off for all locations.

Separating potable and process water supplies to eliminate the risk of cross contamination.

Container management and spill prevention controls to minimize risk of unwanted release and contamination of ground and surface waters.

Developing comprehensive location specific operational controls,.

Training for employees and contractors that perform critical activities including physical and administrative controls, to manage our water discharges in compliance with legal and other requirements, and to minimize environmental impact, including unwanted releases.

Our operational controls include quality assurance and control plans to identify potential issues before they happen or enable rapid response.

Collating data on water withdrawals and discharges and conducting regular water audits to identify opportunities to reduce water consumption.

A verification program and independent internal audit measures compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for continuous improvement of our water management standards.

Obtain a comprehensive water audit on an established cycle.

Honeywell’s global inventory of water usage data supports the identification of conservation opportunities.

Honeywell analyzes all its operations for Baseline Water Stress using the World Resources Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct.

Complete an annual water efficiency assessment based on water best practices.

Maintain a water balance of all significant flows in and out of the facility.

Maintain a list of water conservation measures identified and completed.

Honeywell executes water savings projects as part of our global sustainability efforts while strategically targeting water conservation projects in areas that are experiencing water stress as defined by the WRI.

Mexicali, Mexico: Our site implemented eight water saving projects, saving a combined 12.5 million gallons annually.

Projects included wastewater reutilization, deionized water saving, makeup water system, waterless urinals, water recovery for rinsing, and replacement of a water cooled compressor with an air cooled compressor.

In addition to water conservation at our facilities, Honeywell also helps communities and customers with their water needs.

Tempe, Arizona: Our facility is installing a new reverse osmosis system for the pre treatment of the cooling tower makeup water, thus decreasing water usage.

Once complete in 2021, the upgrade is projected to save 24.5 million gallons annually.

Honeywell and Safe Water Network partnered to provide convenient and reliable access to affordable, safe drinking water in communities within India.

Funded by a Honeywell Hometown Solutions India Foundation grant, Safe Water Network built 150 safe water stations.

From desalination to industrial water treatment and wastewater treatment, from pumping to distribution and leakage management, Honeywell’s innovative solutions help with optimized operations for the water and wastewater industry while meeting plant data integrity and security objectives.

Honeywell manages waste in accordance with all regulatory requirements while also seeking to minimize waste generation and environmental impact.

Detailed characterization and classification of all waste streams.

Process of due diligence and impact assessment for all facilities receiving hazardous wastes, including a review and approval process by a global team Honeywell’s hazardous waste streams are only permitted to be sent to these approved facilities.

Annual duty of care assessments of all receiving facilities and transporters of Honeywell’s wastes, including compliance with local regulations and permitting requirements and ability to handle our waste streams, prior to any waste movement.

On site management of waste streams to prevent releases and impact on the environment, including container management and spill prevention.

Annual training for all employees and contractors that perform waste related activities.

Annual or more frequent audits of waste movements to confirm compliance and identify opportunities for waste reduction and diversion.

A verification program and independent internal audit measures compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for continuous improvement of our waste management standards.

In addition to any regulatory reporting requirements, sites must also adhere to internal reporting requirements so that Honeywell can maintain a global inventory of waste data, including both hazardous and non hazardous metrics.

Results are tracked by our Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team and progress is reported quarterly to Honeywell’s Chairman and CEO and Chief Sustainability Officer.

Honeywell executes waste reduction projects in support of our goals and as part of our global sustainability efforts.

Waste reduction projects, often identified via a kaizen process, are tracked in our project database from conception through execution.

Olomouc, Czech Republic: The site received Honeywell Aerospace’s Sustainability Award for achieving 100% waste diversion for non hazardous waste.

Abrasive sand was treated through a biodegradation process enabling it to be used as a building and stabilization material.

Small grinding tools allowed the materials to be separated into two parts for recycling and incineration.

The site also eliminated 540 kg of hazardous waste by developing new techniques for a solvent used in a vapor cleaning machine to prepare parts for welding and soldering that allows 99% of the solvent to be reused in the process.

South Bend, Indiana: The site installed new sensors to minimize anodize overflow and provide better visual management.

The improved visual management system is helping prevent overflow from occurring which creates additional waste.

It also enhances early detection capabilities since sensors detect tank levels and set off alarms to prevent further overflow.

Gurgaon, India: A Go Green kaizen event at the site resulted in a project to reconfigure PCB panels to minimize strip waste.

The site was able to reduce the associated waste stream by 50% with a 25% productivity improvement.

Hope Town, India: The site implemented a project to collect and regrind molded plastic protective runners generated during manufacturing, preparing the plastic for reuse and reducing plastic waste by 30%.

The site also reduced waste by replacing cardboard and wooden trays used in assembly and molding processes with recyclable molded plastic trays with a six time longer life, that are also safer for handling.

Honeywell manages air emissions in accordance with all regulatory requirements while also seeking to minimize our environmental impact.

Identifying and detailing all emissions to air on an inventory.

This inventory captures both stack and fugitive emissions and covers process, combustion, and VOC emissions, as well as visible emissions, odors, and noise.

Developing operational controls, both physical and administrative, to comply with all regulatory or permit requirements and minimize the impact of our operations on both the environment and our neighbors.

Conducting emissions monitoring as required by local regulations.

This data also helps to identify opportunities to reduce our emissions levels above and beyond regulatory thresholds.

Completing regular training on our operational controls to maintain efficiency and compliance.

A verification program and independent internal audit measures compliance to our requirements and identifies opportunities for continuous improvement of our air emissions standards.

Honeywell has a history of successfully resolving complex environmental challenges and taking a proactive approach to remediation of legacy obligations from former operations and of predecessor companies.

The company spent over 4 billion in the last 15 years to clean up many of these sites and restore them to productive community use.

Using cutting edge science, design, and engineering to protect human health and the environment, the company works cooperatively with governments and communities to implement effective solutions.

Honeywell does not consider cleanups complete until the legacy property has been transformed into a valuable asset for the surrounding community, whenever possible.

For nearly two decades, Onondaga Lake near Syracuse, New York, had the dubious distinction of being known as the most polluted lake in the U.S.

From the 1800s through the 1980s, industrial pollution from multiple sources left behind heavy metals, mercury, PCBs, and pesticides.

McAuliffe served as program director for Honeywell’s cleanup of the 4.5 square mile lake that began in 2002 and ended in 2017.

Today more than 260 wildlife species call the area home, and 130 unique bird species have been identified in and around the lake.

Audubon New York honored Honeywell with its highest award for conserving and restoring natural ecosystems.

On April 27, 2021, McAuliffe announced his retirement.

The news did not go unnoticed in Central New York.

We are writing to recognize and thank an unsung hero’ of Central New York, John McAuliffe, wrote Charles Driscoll, an engineering professor at Syracuse University, in a letter published in the Syracuse Post Standard newspaper and on its website, Syracuse.com.

The cleanup and remediation of Onondaga Lake has been one of the important events for the development of Central New York in recent decades, Driscoll continued.

Onondaga Lake was an embarrassment for our community John is a visionary who led a team to convert an environmental liability into an enduring asset that will positively influence our community for generations.

U.S. Rep. John Katko (NY 24) praised McAuliffe on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, saying, Madam Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of John McAuliffe, a Central New York native, visionary, and driving force behind the Onondaga Lake cleanup effort Central New York owes John a debt of gratitude for an enduring legacy of doing something that many thought was impossible.

Central New York owes John a debt of gratitude for an enduring legacy of doing something that many thought was impossible.

Thousands of Central New Yorkers are embracing a new chapter in our community’s history, and I’m thankful to have had the opportunity to play a part in making it a reality.

Recognized as one of the largest lake restoration projects in North America, the Onondaga Lake cleanup was the result of more than two decades and millions of hours of intensive effort.

Project innovations resulted in significant advancements in sediment remediation technology.

The cleanup combined innovative dredging and capping designs with long term habitat restoration, leading to an environmentally progressive solution.

About 2.2 million cubic yards of material was removed from the bottom of the lake.

The capping of 475 acres of lake bottom was completed in December 2016.

Habitat restoration, which included restoring 90 acres of wetlands, was completed in 2017.

Thousands of Central New Yorkers have reconnected with the lake over the past few years.

It includes new boat launches and fishing areas and is the backdrop for an amphitheater that brings in big name musicians.

Former County Executive Joanie Mahoney told the Post Standard that McAuliffe had the perfect attitude to lead a project that resulted in one of the biggest comeback stories in the region’s history.

It was his spirit of, I’m a member of the community and I want all of this, too,’ that made a lot of those projects possible, she said.

Onondaga Lake is just one example of how Honeywell addresses its legacy industrial sites, working with the surrounding communities to reimagine them as new assets and opportunities.

Making products safer for people and the planet is systematically considered at the design stage of all products.

As Honeywell businesses invent new tools and solutions, we take deliberate, strategic steps to improve each innovation’s eco efficiency.

Reduce the use of natural resources during manufacturing and distribution.

Increase the energy efficiency of the product itself or because of its use.

Product Compliance Honeywell is committed to ensuring that our products are manufactured to comply with environmental regulations in the markets we serve.

Honeywell’s Global Product Stewardship team is responsible for the management of environmental compliance activities.

REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals).

Identify opportunities for product reuse and recycling.

Reduce and eliminate classified toxic or hazardous materials.

Be packaged more efficiently and Labelling of Chemicals).

To meet Honeywell’s regulatory requirements, we actively engage with our suppliers to obtain chemical substance information for the materials they supply, as well as the sourcing of minerals used.

Honeywell is committed to ensuring all its products manufactured in or imported into the European Union comply with REACH legislative requirements.

Honeywell has regulatory management systems in place to support ongoing compliance activities to monitor the Candidate List and European Chemical Agency’s recommendations for authorization.

Honeywell has submitted dossier updates when required and continues to meet communication requirements to downstream users.

Extended Producer Responsibility Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental policy approach in which a producer’s responsibility for a product is extended to the post consumer management of the product and its packaging.

Honeywell complies with all legal requirements for EPR either directly or by working with accredited recycling partners or networks to ensure proper end of life treatment of our products to avoid any impacts to the environment.

Our New Product Introduction requirements help ensure that EPR strategies are considered during the design and packaging of products.

Responsible Care Program Honeywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies business participates in the Responsible Care program of the American Chemistry Council (ACC). Responsible Care is a global, voluntary initiative developed by the chemical industry to drive continuous improvement in health, safety, and environmental performance.

Responsible Care is practiced today in 68 economies around the world.

Program implementation leads to improved efficiency lower environment, health and safety costs and improved relations with stakeholders through open and transparent communications.

Responsible Care companies have reduced air pollutants by 44% and safety incidents by 48% since 2000.

The ACC members have also reduced greenhouse gas intensity by 24% and improved their energy efficiency by 19% since 1992.

As part of continuous improvement, ACC has established a goal to reduce Tier 1 Process Safety Events by 20% by 2025.

ACC has also created Sustainability Principles, including a sustainability framework for the chemical industry defining primary focus areas, sustainability metrics and processes to assist all member companies in their sustainability journey.

As a signatory company, Honeywell is committed to improve its performance in the fields of environmental protection, occupational safety and health protection, plant security, process safety, product stewardship, operational energy efficiency, and logistics.

Responsible Care companies embed these values up and down the organization’s value chain, as well as continuously improve dialogue with neighbors and the public, independent from legal requirements.

Honeywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies headquarters has been certified RC14001 by an external ISO registrar since 2005.

Our global programs emphasize science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education, inclusion and diversity, humanitarian relief, and child and family safety.

These programs have delivered significant and meaningful results in communities around the world.

Honeywell’s global philanthropic initiative improves lives and inspires change in communities around the world.

We believe in investing our time and resources locally to make a difference globally.

STEM Education More than 5 million elementary, middle, high school, and university students worldwide have participated in Honeywell’s STEM programs.

Here are some examples that highlight our mission and approach.

Georgia Tech STEM Teacher Leadership Program Teachers in the Atlanta area have received computational and coding training at the Honeywell sponsored STEM Teacher Leadership Program at Georgia Institute of Technology to earn Georgia Department of Education State STEM School certification.

The program creates a professional network of teachers to serve as instructional leaders in computer science to bolster STEM curricula for students.

The program reached more than 2,000 students in its first year.

Four weeks of summer training in software engineering and computing, along with access to Georgia Tech’s computing research and Honeywell engineers serving as mentors and coaches.

The Honeywell STEM Challenge, a software engineering competition where students work in teams to solve real world challenges using software coding and computational techniques.

An annual STEM Teacher Leadership Program Symposium, where program alumni and other teachers and leaders from the Metro Atlanta region participate in additional academic and networking activities at Georgia Tech.

In 2021, a specialized course for returning teacher participants will give them the skills and education needed to earn Georgia Assessments for the Certification of Educators recognition in computer science.

The labs serve more than 10,000 students per year.

Engineering students at University Politehnica Timisoara, Romania, are putting their theoretical knowledge into practice using the Honeywell Smart Meter Control Laboratory at the university’s Faculty of Electrical and Power Engineering.

The lab is equipped with technology systems that enable students and faculty to simulate, learn, and develop innovative smart systems aimed at reducing energy consumption.

Technology used includes oscilloscopes, smart meter communication probes, and consumption simulation sources.

Honeywell Center for Advancing Girls in Science Honeywell has partnered with the Avasara Leadership Institute, a non profit organization that provides educational opportunities for India's brightest girls from disadvantaged backgrounds, to create rich STEM learning programs.

The Honeywell Center for Advancing Girls in Science created classrooms, laboratories, and dormitories as a base for the program.

The center provides deep, transformative science education to girls between 11 and 18 years old.

In addition to 500 residential students, the school provides STEM education to more than 12,000 students from government and financially challenged schools.

The foundation has also repaired or rebuilt 900 homes, four schools, nine medical clinics, 900 wells, and one elder care center in this time.

In 2020, HHRF distributed 679,000, including employee donated funds and a corporate match, to support employee disaster relief and two special projects in Australia and Mexico.

Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy This weeklong, annual immersive experience serves nearly 300 high school children of Honeywell employees to develop their science, technology, engineering, math, and leadership skills through astronaut focused workshops, lectures, and team exercises.

Working in partnership with the U.S. Space Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama, this program teaches the critical leadership skills students need to succeed, including communication, teamwork, critical thinking, and problem solving.

Designed to promote future careers in STEM fields, the Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy has educated over 3,000 students from 63 countries, 41 states, and Puerto Rico since 2010.

In India, the Honeywell Safe Schools program in partnership with Sustainable Environment and Ecological Development Society has brought customized school safety education to more than 100,000 students, parents, and teachers across three cities.

Supporting Our Employees Since the COVID 19 pandemic emerged early in 2020, we have taken many actions to support our employees.

Instituted an array of safety protocols at work sites, including temperature screening, face coverings, social distancing mandates, enhanced site sanitization, expanded cleaning procedures, modified workplace and seating layouts, common area evaluations to minimize exposure, coronavirus testing, and new certification processes for anyone entering our sites.

Implemented work from home protocols and expanded our technical capabilities to enable employees with duties that can be performed remotely to work safely at home.

Made paid sick time available up front for non exempt U.S. employees through the end of 2020 instead of them accruing it during each pay period.

Covered out of pocket costs associated with prescribed coronavirus testing for all employees, and covered out of pocket treatment costs for employees and their dependents enrolled in Honeywell’s medical plans.

Distributed payments from a 10 million Employee Relief Fund to support select employees worldwide in potential financial distress.

Provided regular communications to employees from the Honeywell.

Conducted more than 50 Ask the Doctors COVID 19 virtual question and answer sessions with Honeywell’s medical directors.

Helped organize mass vaccination events in Arizona and North Carolina in which employees could volunteer in service to the community and receive shots.

Expanded access to well being and health support programs and services, including those offered through Honeywell’s Employee Assistance Program.

Supporting Our Global Communities We have established relief programs, expanded partnerships, and made monetary and in kind donations to help communities respond to the coronavirus crisis and economic downturn.

Around the world, Honeywell has made donations of protective masks and other PPE to hospitals and organizations battling COVID 19 in their communities.

As of June 2021, Honeywell has pledged or donated nearly 2 million masks to hospitals and nonprofits worldwide.

For more information about our Sustainability and Corporate Citizenship programs, please visit our website.

Then this grant came in and it’s going to allow us to do a whole lot.

When the pandemic emerged in early 2020, West End Fresh Seafood owner Bernetta Powell wasn’t just concerned that COVID 19 posed a threat to her health.

Like many small business owners in Charlotte, North Carolina, and around the world, Powell worried the pandemic could put her out of business and her employees out of work.

The grant Powell received from a Small Business Innovation Fund created by Honeywell with Charlotte Center City Partners and the Foundation for the Carolinas was the boost her business needed.

For Honeywell to come in and reach its hand back and pull some of the smaller businesses up that meant a lot.

The company then turned its attention to small businesses in its headquarters city, investing 2 million to create the Small Business Innovation Fund.

Several other corporations, foundations, and the City of Charlotte joined the effort.

Supporting storefront small business entrepreneurs as they navigate the new economic reality makes all the difference in our success and future competitiveness as an urban economy.

Charlotte has hundreds of restaurants, breweries, bakeries, coffee shops, salons, retailers, food trucks, and other small businesses, said Greg Lewis, Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who volunteered to chair the fund’s diverse and distinguished Grant Review Committee.

Together, these businesses create the vibrancy and character that residents, visitors, workers, and major employers crave, and they distinguish Center City Charlotte as an essential economic engine for the region.

Lewis added: But these entrepreneurs built their businesses to be fully open to the general public and are reliant on foot traffic for customers.

Supporting storefront small business entrepreneurs as they navigate the new economic reality makes all the difference in our success and future competitiveness as an urban economy.

Launched in June 2020, the fund provided grants of up to 40,000 to help businesses with less than 50 employees adapt and innovate to stay competitive.

Through four rounds of grantmaking, the fund awarded 4.6 million to more than 140 small businesses.

Nearly 90% of the grants went to small businesses owned by minorities, women, or veterans.

Enabling delivery for storefront focused establishments.

Switching to COVID conscious packaging alternatives.

Procuring equipment to facilitate contactless ordering and payment.

Upgrading infrastructure to better leverage outdoor space to serve customers.

Small businesses need funding to reach their potential, said Dianna Ward of InTownCLT delivery service, another grant recipient.

These are the businesses that have helped shape Charlotte.

We are so pleased to make these grants to innovative small business owners from one end of the city to the other, said Charlotte Mayor Vi Lyles.

They are the lifeblood of our city, our economy, and our region.

The Small Business Innovation Fund is leading the way in innovation in Charlotte and across the country.

These adaptations and innovations will enable our city to advance and thrive.

And thrive is exactly what Bernetta Powell says she intends to do.

We’ve been here 20 years, and now we get a chance to really improve.

The following disclosures are aligned to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework for the Resource Transformation Electrical and Electric Equipment (EE) industry.

As a diversified industrial manufacturer, the nature of Honeywell’s business does not fit squarely within one industry, so Honeywell has included metrics aligned to other industries we believe would be of interest to our investors.

Honeywell will continue to evaluate the disclosure of additional topics relevant to our industries, taking into account materiality, availability of reliable data, and competitive sensitivities.

The following table maps Honeywell’s publicly available climate related discussion against the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures.

For detailed discussion, please see the referenced documents.

Honeywell is committed to strong corporate governance policies, practices, and procedures designed to ensure our Board effectively exercises its oversight role.

Our Board is responsible for, among other things, reviewing and monitoring implementation of Honeywell’s strategic plans, reviewing risk assessments, and monitoring mitigation activities with respect to significant risks and issues facing the company, including climate related risks and opportunities.

The Board’s Corporate Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) has primary responsibility for managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Roles for assessing and managing climate related risks and opportunities are integrated into a number of functions and committees throughout the company.

Honeywell’s Chief Sustainability Officer is responsible for our sustainability program and for implementing our HSEPS Management System.

Goals are established annually with each of our strategic businesses.

The Corporate Energy and Sustainability Team, led by the Chief Sustainability Officer, the Vice President of Global Real Estate, and the Senior Director of Sustainability, helps drive the company’s sustainability goals.

This includes the use of efficiency audits and quarterly risk assessments.

Progress on these goals is reported quarterly to the Chairman and CEO and is reviewed with the CGRC at least annually.

CDP Climate Change Report: C1.1b 2021 Proxy: Corporate Governance, Page 18 Board’s Role in Oversight, Pages 23 24 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Page 30 Board Committee Charters b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Honeywell’s diverse portfolio of products, solutions, end markets, and business models along with our decentralized operational footprint and our rigorous risk identification, assessment, and planning processes mitigate the impact of climate related risks.

We do not believe climate related risks are reasonably likely to have a material effect in the foreseeable future on the company’s business or the markets it serves, nor on our results of operations, capital expenditures, or financial position.

Honeywell is uniquely positioned to shape a safer and more sustainable future.

We continue to invent and develop technologies that provide our customers with adaptable and efficient solutions to address their safety, energy, and environmental needs.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3b, C2.4, 2.4a Corporate Citizenship Report: Examples of climate related risks, Table A Examples of climate related opportunities, Table B b) Describe the impact of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

CDP Climate Change Report: C3.2a, C3.3, C3.4, C3.4a Corporate Citizenship Report: Examples of risks and opportunities, Table A Table B c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.

Honeywell regularly assesses risks and opportunities at both a company wide and asset specific level to determine both probability of occurrence and potential impact to the business.

This assessment is incorporated into our standard business planning, and opportunity and risk management processes.

While risk and opportunity management are part of our standard business operations, the Board has responsibility for risk oversight and regularly reviews top level, strategic, operational, reporting, and compliance risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.1a, C2.2, C2.2a b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate related risks.

CDP Climate Change Report: C2.1, C2.2 c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.

Overall, Honeywell’s sustainability program has reduced greenhouse gas intensity by more than 90%.

In 2019, the company set a fourth goal, a new five year 10 10 10 target to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions by an additional 10%, indexed to revenue, from 2018 levels to deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities and to achieve certification to ISO’s 50001 Energy Management Standard at 10 facilities, all by 2024.

In 2021, Honeywell took another step by announcing a pledge to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2035. a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

CDP Climate Change Report: C4.1, C4.1b, C9.1 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.

Corporate Citizenship Report: Reducing GHG Emissions, Page 57 CDP Climate Change Report: C6.1, C6.3, C6.5 c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

Since 2004, Honeywell has had a comprehensive program to audit facilities for opportunities to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, to set annual internal and external targets, and to track them to completion.

This has resulted in an overall reduction of GHG intensity above 90%.

Honeywell will continue this program to further reduce our GHG footprint.

In addition, on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the potential impact from changes in climate related regulations and litigation.

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand sustainable opportunities with our products and services.

Approximately 50% of our R D spend is on our ESG related portfolio, much of which relates to reducing GHG emissions.

In addition, each of our new products is subject to an eco efficiency assessment considering opportunities to improve energy efficiency, and each quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response plans for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate the potential risks of physical damage.

In addition, we evaluate on a quarterly basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from changes in GHG regulations or from physical damage due to climate related events.

Our to Business Resilience Management Program also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical operations in the event of a disaster and promptly recover essential systems and technology.

Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response plans for every one of our facilities, which specify programs to mitigate the potential risks of physical damage.

In addition, we evaluate on a regular basis the potential for impact to our supply chain from physical damage due to climate related events.

Our Business Continuity Management Program also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical operations in the event of a disaster and promptly recover essential systems and technology.

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates physical risk considerations as part of due diligence for any new locations.

Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates energy efficiency and energy procurement considerations as part of due diligence for any new location that would help reduce costs related to energy use, heating, and cooling.

In addition, since 2004, Honeywell has had a comprehensive program to audit, identify, execute, and track completion of energy efficiency projects in all our facilities.

This program has improved Honeywell’s overall energy efficiency by approximately 70%.

Through the Global Real Estate group, Honeywell constantly seeks energy efficient alternatives and initiatives to implement throughout our facilities for new construction, project upgrades, and retrofits.

In addition, since 2004, Honeywell has implemented a comprehensive energy efficiency program with periodic audits, goals, and project review to completion.

This program has resulted in approximately 70% improvement in energy efficiency.

There have been 5,700 projects completed since 2010 with an estimated annualized savings of more than 100 million.

Honeywell continuously innovates to expand our portfolio of sustainable products and services.

Approximately 50% of new production introduction research and development activity is on our ESG related portfolio, much of which relates to reducing GHG emissions.

Each of our strategic business groups invests significantly in these opportunities, and we have created a business unit, Sustainable Technologies and Solutions (STS), to specifically develop and commercialize new technologies that meet the growing demand for sustainable solutions to the world’s rising energy needs.

Climate related scenario modeling is part of our annual business planning process.

We use socioeconomic climate models with different scenario assumptions to determine product strategy and customer impact for products that address greenhouse gas emissions, energy efficiency and changes in fuel use such as decarbonization, renewable fuels and power.

Each of our new products is subject to an eco efficiency assessment that considers opportunities to improve energy efficiency, and each quarter we assess whether changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.

Our Government Relations team identifies and assesses emerging trends and advocates for favorable policies, legislation and regulation globally to promote clean energy and energy efficiency.

Changes in regulations, increases in the demand for advanced building controls and energy efficient products, and the transition to a lower carbon economy support demand for our sustainable products.

For example, the transition from high GWP HFCs to low GWP HFO alternatives presented a transition opportunity and, as a result, Honeywell developed our line of Solstice products, which have already helped our customers avoid discharging more than 200 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent to the atmosphere.

Two years after officially relocating its global headquarters to Charlotte, North Carolina, Honeywell has a home to call its own and it’s a 23 story showcase for the company’s innovative buildings and connected technologies.

Sustainability was a key driver for decisions at every stage of Honeywell’s new headquarters project.

The base building was designed to meet LEED certification standards.

The company’s offices, which occupy eight floors, aim to achieve LEED Gold status.

Incorporated into the building’s design are Honeywell Smart Buildings technologies that touch virtually every aspect of the occupant experience, including touchless access, comfort, security, lighting, and visitor management.

In addition to being 5G enabled, the building features many of the Healthy Buildings solutions the company has deployed for customers around the world since the pandemic began.

These include air quality sensor integration and analytics, electronic air cleaning, and ultraviolet lighting sanitization.

Atop the building is an expansive Sky Lobby where guests can spend time in an immersive, interactive Customer Experience Center a space that helps them visualize how Honeywell’s innovative technologies solve complex challenges across the globe in a range of industries.