Building a Future  
 of Shared Success

Corporate Citizenship Report 2020

Chairperson’s 
message

We have been and continue to be in 
uncertain and challenging times. As the 
pandemic crisis unfolded, it tested our 
physical and mental resilience as individuals 
and as communities while changing the way 
we live. It also burnished a bright light on  
the best of humanity as we saw thousands 
of individuals—healthcare specialists, 
community workers, essential services  
personnel—put their personal health and 
safety at risk while helping millions cope  
with the pandemic.

The world will never be the same again, and 
as we hit the reset button and reimagine our 
future, it’s important to remember that  
the pandemic and its associated impact 
on the economy has intensified existing 
vulnerabilities and created new ones. No one  
knows when the crisis will end. What we do 
know is that we are facing a new reality, and 
to thrive in it, we need a new way of thinking 
that’s inclusive and leaves no one behind. 

Emerging technologies can drive  
socio-economic recovery and enable a 
step change in innovation-led growth. 
Besides driving business growth, advanced 
technologies like AI, IoT, big data analytics, 
extended reality and robotic process 
automation help drive equitable growth 
through improved access to work 
opportunities, universal healthcare and 
education for all. And as we embark on this 
digitally powered growth journey, we need to 
consider the potential and unintended risks. 

For example, millions of children have been 
impacted by school closures and the lack of 
digital learning infrastructure. While some 
have been able to study remotely, many 
more have been left out due to the lack of 
access, or funds. We need to make the right 
investments today to mitigate these risks  
for the future.

At Accenture we recognize that now,  
more than ever, collaborating at scale,  
and creating shared successes will be key  
to reimagining the future and delivering  
on our priorities. We have a renewed 
commitment to combining the promise of 
technology and human ingenuity to drive 
360° value for not just our clients, our 
people, shareholders and partners but also 
for our communities, transforming not just 
our own industry and ecosystem but also 
ultimately making a real difference in society. 
Our people have embraced constant change, 
remaining committed to creating lasting 
value, and we are incredibly proud of the 
work we have done.

I would like to thank our people and partners 
for their ongoing support and collaboration, 
and for their extraordinary effort over 
the past few months to making a positive 
difference, every day. 

Rekha M. Menon 
Chairperson and Senior Managing Director 
Accenture in India

2

3

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Contents

06

08

18

22

Enabling our grant partners to recover  
and rebuild amidst the pandemic

Innovating for social impact
•  Reskilling individuals from economically weaker sections

•  Collaborating with our strategic partners to drive  

meaningful change

•  Using exponential technologies to build a more inclusive  

and sustainable world

A more sustainable future
•  Exploring new ways to make shared success a reality

Our people make a difference
•  Harnessing the power of goodness to make  

a difference everyday

4

5

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Enabling our grant partners  
to recover and rebuild 
amidst the pandemic

As COVID-19 unfolded, we worked closely with our NGO  
partners who were steadfastly working on the frontlines to  
address the unprecedented challenges caused by the pandemic. 

Solely focused on complementing their  
on-the-ground efforts, we were able to 
swiftly repurpose our budgets to maximize 
the overall impact. To ensure that our 
partners get back to their core strength 
of skilling youth, we helped them to pivot 
toward digitizing content and virtualizing 
training delivery. We have released a series 
of playbooks to help partners recover and 
operate efficiently and virtually. We also 
helped the NGO partners work closely with 
the community members by: 

•  Spreading awareness about the pandemic

•  Creating awareness about  

hygiene standards 

•  Facilitating disinfection activities 

•  Training farmers on safety protocols   

•  Enabling women micro-entrepreneurs  

stitch masks

•  Setting up a dedicated helpline for 

persons with disabilities to learn about  
the pandemic

•  Distributing 3D-printed face shields  

to police personnel in West Bengal

Supporting healthcare  
workers to help patients  
and vulnerable individuals

We are working with both Oxfam India 
and Charities Aid Foundation to empower 
COVID-19 frontline workers. Leveraging our 
digital capabilities, we are helping Oxfam 
train community workers on the disease,  
how to prevent it and hygiene practices. 
These workers are then educating the 
communities in which they work and live. 
The organization has also been arranging 
awareness sessions through mobile vans as 
well as through local media. 

So far, Oxfam has touched the lives of more 
than 170,000 people through personal 
protection kits and training, including digital 
training sessions via video conferencing. 

Working with Oxfam and Charities Aid 
Foundation, we also provide personal 
protection kits to doctors, nurses and 
sanitation workers. Each kit contains masks 
and face shields, protective suits, gloves and 
hand sanitizers. They have been distributed 
in hospitals and other places in the states 
of Karnataka, Kerala Maharashtra and Uttar 
Pradesh as well as the National Capital 
Region, including Gurgaon and Delhi. 

Empowering the underprivileged 
to continue learning

Many disadvantaged young people in India 
attend vocational training centers that use 
blended learning methods. With COVID-19 
restrictions in place, most can no longer 
attend these courses physically. Accenture 
and Quest Alliance developed an app that 
offers more than 150 free digital lessons so 
that the underprivileged youth can continue 
building their career and life skills virtually.

Since the lockdown, more than 65,000 
youth have benefited from using Quest App, 
which provides lessons in communicative 
English and digital literacy. The app also 
equips them with the skills they need for 
the job market. This includes helping them 
craft resumes, prepare for job interviews, 
understand the importance of teamwork, 
handle workplace harassment and interact 
with customers. Available in several Indian 
languages, the content is aligned with 
the employability skills curriculum for 
government-run vocational training centers.

6

7

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Innovating for 
social impact

Leveraging technologies to empower youth and 
women from economically weaker sections and 
persons with disabilities with the skills needed  
in high-demand job sectors

Empowered to dream big

Kajal is an 18-year-old tenth standard student belonging to a marginalized 
community. She had little hope in life beyond what she was exposed 
to through her father, a rickshaw puller, and mother, a domestic cook. 
That was only until she came to know of the Skills to Succeed training 
at Navgurukul. “I feel privileged to be working in an MNC as a Software 
Engineer with a substantial monthly salary,” said Kajal about her successful 
job placement after pursuing a short-term software engineering course 
targeted at the underprivileged and marginalized.   

Like Kajal, hundreds of young people across rural India have gotten  
a new lease on life through Accenture’s Skills to Succeed initiative. 
Through a robust ecosystem of organizations that include our clients  
and partners, we are creating large-scale, long-term solutions that close 
global employment gaps. Today, we continue to explore new horizons to 
equip underprivileged people with job-readiness or entrepreneur skills.

More than 870,000 people in India benefited from Skills  
to Succeed since FY10 (46% women beneficiaries as of FY20)

In FY20:

Over 175,000 people skilled in India

105,000 joined work or commenced business

49% women

Over 3,000 persons with disabilities

8

9

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Gaining the right skills 

Many students in rural Karnataka struggle 
with English—a language considered both  
a nemesis and a necessity around these parts 
of the country. “English is a professional 
language. Everyone in the IT sector  
speaks it. Fluency in spoken English is a 
must to get a job,” says Shivaprasad. He’s 
a second-year student at the Government 
Industrial Training Institute Huvina Hadagali 
in Bellary, Karnataka. Ask him a question  
and he glows with pride as he answers in 
English. “It wasn’t always the case. I had 
struggled to learn the language, even during  
pre-university days,” he declares.

That was before he came across Quest App.  
He now spends an hour every day on the 
app, and this has helped him gain fluency 
in English and become a more confident 
person. “I want to remove the fear of  
English from the minds of the youth in  
my neighborhood and make them feel 
confident, too. I plan to teach them for free,” 
says Shivaprasad.

What’s more, the app has helped him 
develop a habit of reading. “In school,  
a friend gifted me a book ‘Light for Students: 
Towards Higher and Deeper Values’ by  

Sri Aurobindo. I was finally able to read it 
after all these years,” says Shivaprasad. 

Quest App hosts more than 75 hours of 
digital content around digital literacy and 
fluency, workplace readiness and career 
management skills to enable on-the-go 
self-learning for youth. It has proven to be 
an effective mode of learning despite the 
absence of a good teacher or facilitator.

We built the app as part of Future Rights 
SkillsNetwork, a program jointly launched 
by Accenture, Cisco and Quest Alliance. The 
program aims to equip and improve the lives 
of 1.5 million youth in India. The in-classroom 
program is delivering more than 240 hours of 
training to students enrolled in the industrial 
training institutes (ITIs) to build 21st-century  
skills and become future-ready. 

More than 137,000 youth  
registered since 2018 on  
the virtual learning app 

“I want to remove the fear of English from the 
minds of the youth in my neighborhood and 
make them feel confident, too. I plan to teach 
them for free.”

Shining a light on women micro-entrepreneurs 

When the Tamil Nadu government 
announced a scheme to supply face masks 
to people below the poverty line, they  
chose 60 women micro-entrepreneurs 
trained under our collaborative program 
(Accenture–EDII MSDPs) to meet this 
demand. Ganesh Lakshmi, a jute bag 
manufacturer in Coimbatore, was among 
the fortunate women to win this large order. 
Empowering her was a certificate course 
she did in 2018–19 on Micro Skillpreneurship 
Development Program (MSDP) implemented 
by the Entrepreneurship Development 
Institute of India (EDII), our Skills to  
Succeed partner.

Maheshwari, a tailor in Madurai, Tamil Nadu 
wanted a means to earn some extra money 
in her free time. She enrolled in the Micro 
Entrepreneurship Development Program 
(MEDP) by the EDII in 2016–17, and learned 
to make jute bags, files, pouches and hand 
purse. Being an expert in making a variety 
of jute products, it was easy for her to make 
face masks. Each day, after completing  
her household tasks, she stitches 250  

masks. Maheshwari has been assured of 
continuous business until January 2021,  
and she is extremely happy. Her motto? 
Patience pays off!

Lakshmi and Maheshwari are just two  
of 60 women skillpreneurs who have been 
chosen by the Tamil Nadu government  
to manufacture one lakh masks. These 
women were trained as part of our program—
the Women Entrepreneurs Access Connect 
Transform (WeAct). Conceptualized in 
collaboration with the Entrepreneurship 
Development Institute of India, and launched 
in March 2020, WeAct provides structured 
hand-holding support to women nano- and 
micro-entrepreneurs. Using the platform, 
women entrepreneurs can access market 
information and financial guidance, connect 
with peers and attend appropriate training 
to transform their business. The program 
already has over 1950 registered members 
spanning the states of Andhra Pradesh, 
Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, 
Telangana and Tamil Nadu.

10

11

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Shubha from Thagechekere, Karnataka

Shubha wanted to become a lawyer, but her family couldn’t 
support her education. Accenture’s tablet-based health 
navigator app, created for MAYA Health, gave her renewed 
hope. As a health navigator, she could improve the health of the 
rural community by bringing basic health services to people’s 
doorsteps. Moreover, she could dream big and give her children 
the education she was denied and help them lead a better life. 

Sarvari Parveen from Metiabruz, Kolkata

Sarvari belongs to a community where the liberty and freedom 
of girls are restricted. But she wanted to be independent. Anudip 
Foundation gave her a chance to do just that. She learned the 
skills she needed to get a job and make a career for herself.

Anudip Foundation has empowered more than 59,000 women 
like Sarvari so far. The organization is helping women shape 
their future and overcome their circumstances by training them 
for in-demand digital jobs. In partnership with Accenture, the 
organization has digitized its curriculum as well as reinvented the 
ways of learning. This tie-up has opened up a whole new world of 
possibilities for every student who enrolls.  

Savrupalli Shinde from Mhaswad, Maharashtra

Savrupalli became a part of the Mann Deshi Udyogini program, 
where she learned to set up and run a business and develop 
her sales skills. She now runs her own business of musical 
instruments and can proudly call herself an entrepreneur.

Mann Deshi Udyogini serves as the first business school for 
underprivileged rural women. The program equips women with 
the business skills to start a venture and become businesswomen 
in their own right.

Accenture teamed up with Mann Deshi and provided the 
foundation with the management information system support to 
standardize their training initiative. It infused a new ray of hope in 
an initiative that will enable more than 141,000 women to become 
strong, independent individuals.

Stories of hope

12

Remaining energized by the commitment and efforts of our 
strategic partners to improve the way the world works and lives

On March 3 and 4, 2020, Accenture in India celebrated a decade of corporate citizenship 
along with our key non-governmental organization (NGO) partners. To mark the occasion,  
we organized an event where we recognized the unwavering commitment of our NGO partners 
toward helping us drive a positive impact on our communities. We also turned the spotlight  
on how we can continue working together to enable a brighter future for the underprivileged 
and marginalized in India.

Our strategic partners are broadly divided into three portfolios: Employability, Micro-enterprise 
and Social Enterprise.

Employability

Focus area: Digital Delivery, Digital Literacy and Digital Fluency

Partners:

Aide et action India: 
Training youth primarily  
in the retail sector, in 
addition to BFSI and beauty 
therapy assistance

Anudip Foundation: 
Imparting training on social 
media, analytics and cloud 
for freelance jobs in the 
e-commerce industry

Don Bosco Tech (DB Tech): 
Providing vocational skills 
training to youth in key 
sectors such as hospitality, 
retail and manufacturing 
across India

13

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020FISE: Equipping  
non-graduate youth  
with software skills to  
secure developer jobs  
in IT companies

Magic Bus: Extending 
employability skills training 
to youth working in sectors 
such as retail, BFSI and ITeS

Medha: Providing 
employability, career 
awareness and counseling 
to college students in tier 2 
and 3 cities

Quest Alliance: Enabling 
blended e-learning and  
self-learning through a  
mobile learning app

Sambhav Foundation:  
Training construction  
workers through multilingual 
training videos in more than  
10 construction trades

Pratham Education 
Foundation: Delivering 
employability skills training 
to youth in hospitality, 
electrical and health care 
trades, helping them find 
job placement; short-
term courses targeted at 
certain age groups (under 
14; 14–17 and more than 18 
years) to build pathways for 
education, skill, employment 
and entrepreneurship

NGOs working on skill development among Persons with Disabilities

Dr. Reddy’s Foundation (DRF): 
Training Persons with  
Disabilities in  
employability skills

Enable India: Empowering 
Persons with Disabilities  
to share their experiences  
in the employment space, 
welfare measures,  
government schemes and 
community-level services

TRRAIN: Addressing the 
vocational skilling gaps 
and creating employment 
opportunities for Persons  
with Disabilities

Micro-enterprises

Focus area: Business, financial literacy, marketing and digital skills, particularly for women  
in semi-urban and rural areas

Partners:

Charities Aid Foundation 
(CAF): Provides strategic  
and management support  
to corporates, individuals  
and NGOs with an aim to 
ensure greater impact of  
their philanthropic and  
CSR investments.

Entrepreneurship 
Development Institute of India 
(EDII): Providing entrepreneurial 
skills training to women and 
youth in peri-urban, rural 
areas. The training ensures 
beneficiaries acquire necessary 
skills needed to launch a  
new business.

Mann Deshi Foundation: 
Training marginalized 
women (who have no formal 
education) and girls (who  
have dropped out of high 
school) on technical, 
financial and marketing skills 
to become entrepreneurs.

Mahila SEWA Trust: Training 
women to make stationery 
products from recycled paper

READ India: READ India 
works to ensure that  
people from the most 
marginalized communities 
are empowered, live in 
dignity, and have secure 
livelihoods, allowing them  
to support their household  
and community.

Social Enterprise

Focus area: Incubation of early-stage social startups

Partners:

Villgro: Incubating early-stage, 
innovative for-profit enterprises 
that have an impact on the  
lives of the unprivileged in  
India, such as BookMyBai:  
helping people hire maids, 
babysitters, cooks and  
patient care

14

15

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Bringing together social and technology innovators,  
using exponential technologies to build a more inclusive  
and sustainable world 

Artificial Intelligence has given computers 
vision. It is now giving conservationists the 
“ears” they need. Recognizing endangered 
species by their call in the wild is a critical 
element in conservation efforts. Unlike vision, 
sound can be used to track them even if the 
animals are camouflaged and irrespective 
of the direction where they are located. 
Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) India 
and Accenture Labs worked collaboratively 
to demonstrate the role of technology in not 

only easing the task for conservationists, 
but allowing them to focus on their core 
job, which is to protect animals in the wild. 
WCS collects data by deploying multiple 
sound recorders in the forest, which are 
collated at the base station. Recorded files 
are analyzed by the Nature Sound Analyzer, 
which annotates the start and end points 
of animal sounds in the file. These sounds 
are then reconfirmed by WCS researchers. 
The analysis of the recordings helps identify 

where endangered animals are located  
(based on the location of the recorder)  
and when they were last present at the 
location (based on the timestamp of the 
identified call sound). This information 
on their habitat is a critical input to the 
conservation efforts, such as demarcation  
of forest areas as protected zones or 
organizing a response from forest rangers  
and park management against illegal 
poaching and trade in endangered species. 
The primary technologies used are Digital 
Signal Processing (DSP) and AI. The benefits 
of the project are two-fold. On the human 
side, it reduces hours and hours of effort  
in analysing information to a few seconds  
and minutes. On the technology side,  

it represents the importance of AI in 
converting sounds in the wild into critical 
insights that can help conservationists 
calibrate and prioritize their response.

Accenture, in close collaboration with  
the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), 
developed the Internet of Birds (IoB) app 
to enhance the experience of amateur 
birdwatchers by helping them identify nearly 
600 species of birds found in the Indian 
subcontinent. It is the first platform of its  
kind to use the power of Deep Learning  
and Image Recognition to identify birds from 
the Indian subcontinent and allows citizens  
to participate effectively in the Citizen 
Science Program.  

16

17

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020A more  
sustainable future

With 10 years left to achieve the United Nations (UN) 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), it is clear 
that, collectively, we have more work to do. 

We must accelerate our actions and collaborate in new ways with 
competitors and others. We are committed to playing our part. We have 
in fact committed ourselves to challenge and support companies in 
integrating the 17 UN SDGs into their core business and to make shared 
success a reality.

A decade into our quest to lessen our environmental impact, thinking—
and acting—sustainably has become a part of daily life at Accenture. 
We continue to explore innovative technologies and ways to decouple 
business growth from emissions growth. By making our operations more 
efficient, harnessing the innovative spirit of our people and developing 
new sustainability solutions, we are accelerating the global shift to  
a low-carbon economy and reducing the impact of climate change.

Since 2007, we have saved more than 1.94 million megawatt-hours 
of electricity, reduced more than 1 million metric tons of CO2 and 
generated more than US$258 million in energy savings worldwide.

In India, we have invested in energy-efficiency measures, including LED 
and EC fan retrofits and smart energy meters.

Description

Electricity, mill kWh

Energy Performance Index (EPI)

Water consumption, KL/Employee

Renewable energy mix

% Recycled waste*

*FY20 is an anomaly year due to COVID-19

FY19

240

170

6.9

34%

77%

% Variance

FY20  
(estimated 
numbers)

182

126

4.9

42%

74%

-24%

-26%

-29%

8%

-3%

18

19

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020We act for impact

In 2019, we committed to procuring 100% 
renewable energy across our global facilities 
by 2023, joining the RE100, a global 
corporate leadership initiative bringing 
together influential businesses committed 
to 100% renewable electricity. We are the 
largest professional services company to 
have a goal aligning with the Science Based 
Targets Initiative. Our target is to reduce our 
absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 11% 
against our 2016 baseline by 2025, including 
a commitment to reduce scope  
1 and 2 emissions by 65%, and a 40% per  
unit of revenue intensity reduction for 
scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions over the same 
time period. To date, we have cut absolute 
emissions by 7%, reduced our scope 1 and 2 
emissions by more than 19% and reduced  
our per unit of revenue emissions by more 
than 29%. 

Through our Eco Action 2020 initiative, 
we are bringing our environmental 
commitments to life and working toward  
a greener future. It’s not about taking giant 
leaps; it’s about taking baby steps toward 
making a sustainable difference. It’s about 
saying no to harmful shortcuts and yes to 
responsible “greener than” actions.

Our people are making a positive impact 
by increasing their awareness about 
environment sustainability and participating 
in virtual eco-volunteering.

For the past eight years, we have launched 
a global environmental challenge on Earth 
Day—the Greener Than Game—as a fun 
way for our people to compete for the title 
of the greenest individual, idea or team 
at Accenture. In FY20, more than 9,000 
people participated in the initiative in 
India, a gamified, internal platform to earn 
points while learning about Accenture’s 
environmental programs and ways to travel  
more sustainably. 

A truly inclusive workplace

Our commitment to our people and to 
accelerating equality for all has never been 
more relevant than it is today. Together, 
Inclusion, Diversity & Equal Opportunity 
is explicitly one of our highest-priority 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
material issues and an intentional part of 
how we conduct business.

Highest-priority SDGs for Accenture’s operations 

Second-priority SDGs for Accenture’s operations 

When she rises, we all rise

A barrier-free workplace

Making progress on gender equality.  
We believe that the future workforce is an 
equal one and, by 2025, we will achieve a 
gender-balanced workforce. As of 2019, 
women comprised 44% of our global 
workforce. We have also committed to 
grow the percentage of women managing 
directors to at least 25% worldwide by  
the end of 2020—and at the end of 2019,  
we were at 24%.

Supporting mental well-being

To continue to break the stigma surrounding  
mental wellness and to help our people 
prioritize their mental health, we created 
Thriving Mind, a holistic well-being program 
developed in partnership with Stanford 
Medicine and Thrive Global to help our 
people better manage stress. Over 60,000 
of our people in India are using the 
program. We also have nearly 500 active 
mental wellness advocates helping  
their colleagues with mental well-being.
Additionally, our people are using an AI 
tool that provides a safe and private way of 
embarking on their mental wellness journeys, 
offering support 24 hours a day.

We have established an Accessibility Center 
of Excellence and a new Adjustment Request 
Tool to proactively address the assistive 
technology and equipment needs of our 
people with disabilities and enable them 
to succeed. In India, our goal is to increase 
workplace accessibility to 100%. By the end 
of 2019, we reached 95%. 

Responsible buying on a  
global scale

We work with our suppliers to advance 
key priorities—including environmental 
sustainability, human rights, inclusion, 
diversity and social innovation—and forge 
greater engagement and collaboration. 
Globally, our goal was to get 75% of our 
key suppliers to disclose their targets and 
actions toward emission reduction. In 2019, 
we surpassed that goal with 77% of our 
suppliers disclosing their targets, and 82% 
disclosing the actions they are taking.

20

21

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Our people 
make a 
difference

Harnessing the power of goodness with just a click

Now more than ever, people want to work for a company that shares their 
values. At Accenture, we challenge one another every day to come up 
with creative solutions around the future of work and climate change  
to equality, human rights and responsible innovation. And, our people  
are making a difference, every day.

Employee Giving Program

Our people contribute through their monthly salary to support more 
than 50 NGOs. In FY20, the program benefitted thousands of youth, 
women and children across India through projects that focus on women 
empowerment and elderly care as well as training programs for Persons 
with Disabilities and youth. 

More than 26,700 people signed up for Employee  
Giving Program

44 partners collaborated in FY20 up from 28 in FY19

22

23

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Running for a cause

Our annual Empower Run focuses on the 
physical and mental well-being of our 
people. This seven-city run encourages our 
people to fuel their sense of purpose by 
giving to the communities while fostering a 
sense of belonging by running for a cause. 
The third edition of the Accenture Empower 
Run raised funds for our NGO partner VAANI, 
which empowers hearing-impaired children 
across India to lead a full life. 

What made the event truly special this time was the one-of-a-kind medals we had made 
for all our runners. These uniquely designed medals, made of paper dust, were personally 
handcrafted by persons with intellectual disability. Craftizen Foundation, an NGO partner  
that works to preserve and evolve Indian craft skills, was instrumental in engaging women, 
who were previously rag-pickers, to stitch lanyards made with single-use plastics.

Supporting the hearing impaired

Sakibul 
Born in Malancha village in West Bengal,  
7-year-old Sakibul Mondal was diagnosed  
with hearing loss when he was barely  
a year old.

Today, he is a happy, engaged student  
at the VAANI Sadhan Centre, where he  
gets one-on-one training on language, 
mathematics, communication and life skills 
via a combined method of sign language, 
lipreading and tactile learning.

His mother, too, is an active participant in  
his education and is a community mobiliser  
in their village.

Maithri 
Maithri was diagnosed with hearing loss  
at the age of three. Today, she’s a  
happy-go-lucky 11-year-old who attends 
mainstream school in Tumkur, Karnataka.  
She is also a regular student at the VAANI 
Sadhan Centre, where she undergoes  
speech therapy and learns life skills.

Sakibul

Maithri

Volunteering 

Our volunteers have spent more than 95,000 
hours in community outreach through 
associating with more than 50 NGOs that 
support digital skilling efforts. 

Jayanthi Nair, Analyst, who lives in Pune,  
is an active volunteer of the Zooniverse 
project, which has brought her a sense of 
purpose. What’s more, it has given her a 
chance to involve her family in the activity. 
Her son enjoys classifying animals with her 
and is learning so much about biodiversity. 
She’s also the proud winner of the 
Zooniverse Global and National contest.  

Nidra Naik is a process trainer in Hyderabad.  
In her free time, she has been diligently 
conducting DigiClass for the beneficiaries 
of Dr. Reddy’s Foundation. It’s been a very 
fulfilling experience for Nidra.

•  DigiClass: In these unprecedented times, 
when all of us are working from home,  
we had to design something to ensure our 
Skills to Succeed volunteers continued 
to teach and our beneficiaries continued 
to learn life-skills. We built an in-house 
virtual platform, DigiClass, to facilitate 
online sessions for underprivileged youth. 

500+ volunteers have delivered 5,000+ 
DigiClass sessions reaching and 
improving the lives of 2,000+ youth

•  Global Learning and Observations  

to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE)  
is a NASA citizen science initiative 
that allows volunteers to gaze at the 
clouds and share their observations for 
environmental research. Using the GLOBE 
Observer phone app, they can upload 
descriptive metrics and photos of clouds 
from their backyard or balcony.

Impact: 700 volunteers and more than 
12,000 observations 

•  Zooniverse focuses on understanding 
how plants and animals behave, to 
understand, among other things, the 
impact of climate change. By making this 
tool available to our people, we’re helping 
speed up critical research that informs 
environmental innovation and will help 
protect the earth for future generations.

Impact: 4,500 sign-ups with nearly  
1,244,000+ classifications

•  Mapathon is a project to put the world’s 
most vulnerable people on the map. 
This year, our people created a digital 
map of remote areas in Peru, using the 
OpenStreetMap online tool with the  
help of a satellite image. Through the 
project, we are enabling the provision 
of life-saving essential health care for 
women and children.

Impact: 54,000 edits with 450 volunteers

24

25

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Probono 

“On-top-of-the world, that’s how the team  
felt when we worked on developing a mobile 
app for managing the alumni of Medha,  
one of our partner NGOs. Great sense of 
purpose for all of us,” expressed Divya 
Prakash Singh, one of our volunteers and  
a lead for probono projects.  

Our people contributed close to 40,000  
of probono hours in FY20, delivering  
capacity-building projects covering  
several areas: 

•  Strategy & Consulting: Research, road 

map, fundraising and technology

•  Legal: Consultation and documentation 

•  Marketing: Fundraising pitch, brochures  

and presentations 

• 

IT capacity building: Websites, database 
management and process automation, 
virtual sessions for trainers of NGO 
partners, and 

•  Knowledge management, life skills, 

communicative English, computer basics  
and job readiness

Awards and recognition

26

27

Accenture in India won the Golden  
Peacock Corporate Social Responsibility 
Award in 2019.

Accenture in India received the AVPN 
Constellations Award for the Future Right 
Skills Network Program in 2020.

Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020Building a Future of Shared Success | Corporate Citizenship Report 2020About Accenture

Accenture is a global professional services 
company with leading capabilities in digital, 
cloud and security. Combining unmatched 
experience and specialized skills across 
more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy 
and Consulting, Interactive, Technology 
and Operations services—all powered by 
the world’s largest network of Advanced 
Technology and Intelligent Operations 
centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on  
the promise of technology and human 
ingenuity every day, serving clients in  
more than 120 countries. We embrace  
the power of change to create value and 
shared success for our clients, people, 
shareholders, partners and communities.  

Visit us at www.accenture.com

Copyright © 2020 Accenture. All rights reserved. Accenture and its logo are registered trademarks of Accenture.We have been and continue to be in uncertain and challenging times.

As the pandemic crisis unfolded, it tested our physical and mental resilience as individuals and as communities while changing the way we live.

It also burnished a bright light on the best of humanity as we saw thousands of individuals healthcare specialists, community workers, essential services personnel put their personal health and safety at risk while helping millions cope with the pandemic.

The world will never be the same again, and as we hit the reset button and reimagine our future, it’s important to remember that the pandemic and its associated impact on the economy has intensified existing vulnerabilities and created new ones.

What we do know is that we are facing a new reality, and to thrive in it, we need a new way of thinking that’s inclusive and leaves no one behind.

Emerging technologies can drive socio economic recovery and enable a step change in innovation led growth.

Besides driving business growth, advanced technologies like AI, IoT, big data analytics, extended reality and robotic process automation help drive equitable growth through improved access to work opportunities, universal healthcare and education for all.

And as we embark on this digitally powered growth journey, we need to consider the potential and unintended risks.

For example, millions of children have been impacted by school closures and the lack of digital learning infrastructure.

While some have been able to study remotely, many more have been left out due to the lack of access, or funds.

We need to make the right investments today to mitigate these risks for the future.

At Accenture we recognize that now, more than ever, collaborating at scale, and creating shared successes will be key to reimagining the future and delivering on our priorities.

We have a renewed commitment to combining the promise of technology and human ingenuity to drive 360 value for not just our clients, our people, shareholders and partners but also for our communities, transforming not just our own industry and ecosystem but also ultimately making a real difference in society.

Our people have embraced constant change, remaining committed to creating lasting value, and we are incredibly proud of the work we have done.

I would like to thank our people and partners for their ongoing support and collaboration, and for their extraordinary effort over the past few months to making a positive difference, every day.

Innovating for social impact Reskilling individuals from economically weaker sections.

Collaborating with our strategic partners to drive meaningful change.

Using exponential technologies to build a more inclusive and sustainable world.

A more sustainable future Exploring new ways to make shared success a reality.

Our people make a difference Harnessing the power of goodness to make a difference everyday.

As COVID 19 unfolded, we worked closely with our NGO partners who were steadfastly working on the frontlines to address the unprecedented challenges caused by the pandemic.

Solely focused on complementing their on the ground efforts, we were able to swiftly repurpose our budgets to maximize the overall impact.

To ensure that our partners get back to their core strength of skilling youth, we helped them to pivot toward digitizing content and virtualizing training delivery.

We have released a series of playbooks to help partners recover and operate efficiently and virtually.

Setting up a dedicated helpline for persons with disabilities to learn about the pandemic.

Distributing 3D printed face shields to police personnel in West Bengal.

We are working with both Oxfam India and Charities Aid Foundation to empower COVID 19 frontline workers.

Leveraging our digital capabilities, we are helping Oxfam train community workers on the disease, how to prevent it and hygiene practices.

These workers are then educating the communities in which they work and live.

The organization has also been arranging awareness sessions through mobile vans as well as through local media.

So far, Oxfam has touched the lives of more than 170,000 people through personal protection kits and training, including digital training sessions via video conferencing.

Working with Oxfam and Charities Aid Foundation, we also provide personal protection kits to doctors, nurses and sanitation workers.

Each kit contains masks and face shields, protective suits, gloves and hand sanitizers.

They have been distributed in hospitals and other places in the states of Karnataka, Kerala Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh as well as the National Capital Region, including Gurgaon and Delhi.

Many disadvantaged young people in India attend vocational training centers that use blended learning methods.

With COVID 19 restrictions in place, most can no longer attend these courses physically.

Accenture and Quest Alliance developed an app that offers more than 150 free digital lessons so that the underprivileged youth can continue building their career and life skills virtually.

Since the lockdown, more than 65,000 youth have benefited from using Quest App, which provides lessons in communicative English and digital literacy.

The app also equips them with the skills they need for the job market.

This includes helping them craft resumes, prepare for job interviews, understand the importance of teamwork, handle workplace harassment and interact with customers.

Available in several Indian languages, the content is aligned with the employability skills curriculum for government run vocational training centers.

Kajal is an 18 year old tenth standard student belonging to a marginalized community.

She had little hope in life beyond what she was exposed to through her father, a rickshaw puller, and mother, a domestic cook.

That was only until she came to know of the Skills to Succeed training at Navgurukul.

I feel privileged to be working in an MNC as a Software Engineer with a substantial monthly salary, said Kajal about her successful job placement after pursuing a short term software engineering course targeted at the underprivileged and marginalized.

Like Kajal, hundreds of young people across rural India have gotten a new lease on life through Accenture’s Skills to Succeed initiative.

Through a robust ecosystem of organizations that include our clients and partners, we are creating large scale, long term solutions that close global employment gaps.

Today, we continue to explore new horizons to equip underprivileged people with job readiness or entrepreneur skills.

Many students in rural Karnataka struggle with English a language considered both a nemesis and a necessity around these parts of the country.

Fluency in spoken English is a must to get a job, says Shivaprasad.

He’s a second year student at the Government Industrial Training Institute Huvina Hadagali in Bellary, Karnataka.

Ask him a question and he glows with pride as he answers in English.

I had struggled to learn the language, even during pre university days, he declares.

He now spends an hour every day on the app, and this has helped him gain fluency in English and become a more confident person.

I want to remove the fear of English from the minds of the youth in my neighborhood and make them feel confident, too.

What’s more, the app has helped him develop a habit of reading.

I was finally able to read it after all these years, says Shivaprasad.

Quest App hosts more than 75 hours of digital content around digital literacy and fluency, workplace readiness and career management skills to enable on the go self learning for youth.

It has proven to be an effective mode of learning despite the absence of a good teacher or facilitator.

We built the app as part of Future Rights SkillsNetwork, a program jointly launched by Accenture, Cisco and Quest Alliance.

The program aims to equip and improve the lives of 1.5 million youth in India.

The in classroom program is delivering more than 240 hours of training to students enrolled in the industrial training institutes (ITIs) to build 21st century skills and become future ready.

I want to remove the fear of English from the minds of the youth in my neighborhood and make them feel confident, too.

When the Tamil Nadu government announced a scheme to supply face masks to people below the poverty line, they chose 60 women micro entrepreneurs trained under our collaborative program (Accenture EDII MSDPs) to meet this demand.

Ganesh Lakshmi, a jute bag manufacturer in Coimbatore, was among the fortunate women to win this large order.

Empowering her was a certificate course she did in 2018 19 on Micro Skillpreneurship Development Program (MSDP) implemented by the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDII), our Skills to Succeed partner.

Maheshwari, a tailor in Madurai, Tamil Nadu wanted a means to earn some extra money in her free time.

She enrolled in the Micro Entrepreneurship Development Program (MEDP) by the EDII in 2016 17, and learned to make jute bags, files, pouches and hand purse.

Being an expert in making a variety of jute products, it was easy for her to make face masks.

Each day, after completing her household tasks, she stitches 250 masks.

Maheshwari has been assured of continuous business until January 2021, and she is extremely happy.

Lakshmi and Maheshwari are just two of 60 women skillpreneurs who have been chosen by the Tamil Nadu government to manufacture one lakh masks.

These women were trained as part of our program the Women Entrepreneurs Access Connect Transform (WeAct).

Conceptualized in collaboration with the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India, and launched in March 2020, WeAct provides structured hand holding support to women nano and micro entrepreneurs.

Using the platform, women entrepreneurs can access market information and financial guidance, connect with peers and attend appropriate training to transform their business.

The program already has over 1950 registered members spanning the states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Telangana and Tamil Nadu.

Shubha wanted to become a lawyer, but her family couldn’t support her education.

Accenture’s tablet based health navigator app, created for MAYA Health, gave her renewed hope.

As a health navigator, she could improve the health of the rural community by bringing basic health services to people’s doorsteps.

Moreover, she could dream big and give her children the education she was denied and help them lead a better life.

Sarvari belongs to a community where the liberty and freedom of girls are restricted.

Anudip Foundation gave her a chance to do just that.

She learned the skills she needed to get a job and make a career for herself.

Anudip Foundation has empowered more than 59,000 women like Sarvari so far.

The organization is helping women shape their future and overcome their circumstances by training them for in demand digital jobs.

In partnership with Accenture, the organization has digitized its curriculum as well as reinvented the ways of learning.

This tie up has opened up a whole new world of possibilities for every student who enrolls.

Savrupalli became a part of the Mann Deshi Udyogini program, where she learned to set up and run a business and develop her sales skills.

She now runs her own business of musical instruments and can proudly call herself an entrepreneur.

Mann Deshi Udyogini serves as the first business school for underprivileged rural women.

The program equips women with the business skills to start a venture and become businesswomen in their own right.

Accenture teamed up with Mann Deshi and provided the foundation with the management information system support to standardize their training initiative.

It infused a new ray of hope in an initiative that will enable more than 141,000 women to become strong, independent individuals.

On March 3 and 4, 2020, Accenture in India celebrated a decade of corporate citizenship along with our key non governmental organization (NGO) partners.

To mark the occasion, we organized an event where we recognized the unwavering commitment of our NGO partners toward helping us drive a positive impact on our communities.

We also turned the spotlight on how we can continue working together to enable a brighter future for the underprivileged and marginalized in India.

Our strategic partners are broadly divided into three portfolios: Employability, Micro enterprise and Social Enterprise.

Charities Aid Foundation (CAF): Provides strategic and management support to corporates, individuals and NGOs with an aim to ensure greater impact of their philanthropic and CSR investments.

Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDII): Providing entrepreneurial skills training to women and youth in peri urban, rural areas.

The training ensures beneficiaries acquire necessary skills needed to launch a new business.

Mann Deshi Foundation: Training marginalized women (who have no formal education) and girls (who have dropped out of high school) on technical, financial and marketing skills to become entrepreneurs.

READ India: READ India works to ensure that people from the most marginalized communities are empowered, live in dignity, and have secure livelihoods, allowing them to support their household and community.

Artificial Intelligence has given computers vision.

It is now giving conservationists the ears they need.

Recognizing endangered species by their call in the wild is a critical element in conservation efforts.

Unlike vision, sound can be used to track them even if the animals are camouflaged and irrespective of the direction where they are located.

Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) India and Accenture Labs worked collaboratively to demonstrate the role of technology in not only easing the task for conservationists, but allowing them to focus on their core job, which is to protect animals in the wild.

WCS collects data by deploying multiple sound recorders in the forest, which are collated at the base station.

Recorded files are analyzed by the Nature Sound Analyzer, which annotates the start and end points of animal sounds in the file.

These sounds are then reconfirmed by WCS researchers.

The analysis of the recordings helps identify where endangered animals are located (based on the location of the recorder) and when they were last present at the location (based on the timestamp of the identified call sound).

This information on their habitat is a critical input to the conservation efforts, such as demarcation of forest areas as protected zones or organizing a response from forest rangers and park management against illegal poaching and trade in endangered species.

The primary technologies used are Digital Signal Processing (DSP) and AI.

On the human side, it reduces hours and hours of effort in analysing information to a few seconds and minutes.

On the technology side, it represents the importance of AI in converting sounds in the wild into critical insights that can help conservationists calibrate and prioritize their response.

Accenture, in close collaboration with the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), developed the Internet of Birds (IoB) app to enhance the experience of amateur birdwatchers by helping them identify nearly 600 species of birds found in the Indian subcontinent.

It is the first platform of its kind to use the power of Deep Learning and Image Recognition to identify birds from the Indian subcontinent and allows citizens to participate effectively in the Citizen Science Program.

With 10 years left to achieve the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), it is clear that, collectively, we have more work to do.

We must accelerate our actions and collaborate in new ways with competitors and others.

We have in fact committed ourselves to challenge and support companies in integrating the 17 UN SDGs into their core business and to make shared success a reality.

A decade into our quest to lessen our environmental impact, thinking and acting sustainably has become a part of daily life at Accenture.

We continue to explore innovative technologies and ways to decouple business growth from emissions growth.

By making our operations more efficient, harnessing the innovative spirit of our people and developing new sustainability solutions, we are accelerating the global shift to a low carbon economy and reducing the impact of climate change.

Since 2007, we have saved more than 1.94 million megawatt hours of electricity, reduced more than 1 million metric tons of CO2 and generated more than US 258 million in energy savings worldwide.

In India, we have invested in energy efficiency measures, including LED and EC fan retrofits and smart energy meters.

In 2019, we committed to procuring 100% renewable energy across our global facilities by 2023, joining the RE100, a global corporate leadership initiative bringing together influential businesses committed to 100% renewable electricity.

We are the largest professional services company to have a goal aligning with the Science Based Targets Initiative.

Our target is to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 11% against our 2016 baseline by 2025, including a commitment to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 65%, and a 40% per unit of revenue intensity reduction for scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions over the same time period.

To date, we have cut absolute emissions by 7%, reduced our scope 1 and 2 emissions by more than 19% and reduced our per unit of revenue emissions by more than 29%.

Through our Eco Action 2020 initiative, we are bringing our environmental commitments to life and working toward a greener future.

It’s not about taking giant leaps it’s about taking baby steps toward making a sustainable difference.

It’s about saying no to harmful shortcuts and yes to responsible greener than actions.

Our people are making a positive impact by increasing their awareness about environment sustainability and participating in virtual eco volunteering.

For the past eight years, we have launched a global environmental challenge on Earth Day the Greener Than Game as a fun way for our people to compete for the title of the greenest individual, idea or team at Accenture.

In FY20, more than 9,000 people participated in the initiative in India, a gamified, internal platform to earn points while learning about Accenture’s environmental programs and ways to travel more sustainably.

Our commitment to our people and to accelerating equality for all has never been more relevant than it is today.

Together, Inclusion, Diversity Equal Opportunity is explicitly one of our highest priority Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) material issues and an intentional part of how we conduct business.

We believe that the future workforce is an equal one and, by 2025, we will achieve a gender balanced workforce.

As of 2019, women comprised 44% of our global workforce.

We have also committed to grow the percentage of women managing directors to at least 25% worldwide by the end of 2020 and at the end of 2019, we were at 24%.

To continue to break the stigma surrounding mental wellness and to help our people prioritize their mental health, we created Thriving Mind, a holistic well being program developed in partnership with Stanford Medicine and Thrive Global to help our people better manage stress.

Over 60,000 of our people in India are using the program.

We also have nearly 500 active mental wellness advocates helping their colleagues with mental well being.

Additionally, our people are using an AI tool that provides a safe and private way of embarking on their mental wellness journeys, offering support 24 hours a day.

We have established an Accessibility Center of Excellence and a new Adjustment Request Tool to proactively address the assistive technology and equipment needs of our people with disabilities and enable them to succeed.

In India, our goal is to increase workplace accessibility to 100%.

We work with our suppliers to advance key priorities including environmental sustainability, human rights, inclusion, diversity and social innovation and forge greater engagement and collaboration.

Globally, our goal was to get 75% of our key suppliers to disclose their targets and actions toward emission reduction.

In 2019, we surpassed that goal with 77% of our suppliers disclosing their targets, and 82% disclosing the actions they are taking.

Now more than ever, people want to work for a company that shares their values.

At Accenture, we challenge one another every day to come up with creative solutions around the future of work and climate change to equality, human rights and responsible innovation.

And, our people are making a difference, every day.

Our people contribute through their monthly salary to support more than 50 NGOs. In FY20, the program benefitted thousands of youth, women and children across India through projects that focus on women empowerment and elderly care as well as training programs for Persons with Disabilities and youth.

Our annual Empower Run focuses on the physical and mental well being of our people.

This seven city run encourages our people to fuel their sense of purpose by giving to the communities while fostering a sense of belonging by running for a cause.

The third edition of the Accenture Empower Run raised funds for our NGO partner VAANI, which empowers hearing impaired children across India to lead a full life.

What made the event truly special this time was the one of a kind medals we had made for all our runners.

These uniquely designed medals, made of paper dust, were personally handcrafted by persons with intellectual disability.

Craftizen Foundation, an NGO partner that works to preserve and evolve Indian craft skills, was instrumental in engaging women, who were previously rag pickers, to stitch lanyards made with single use plastics.

Sakibul Born in Malancha village in West Bengal, 7 year old Sakibul Mondal was diagnosed with hearing loss when he was barely a year old.

Today, he is a happy, engaged student at the VAANI Sadhan Centre, where he gets one on one training on language, mathematics, communication and life skills via a combined method of sign language, lipreading and tactile learning.

His mother, too, is an active participant in his education and is a community mobiliser in their village.

Maithri Maithri was diagnosed with hearing loss at the age of three.

Today, she’s a happy go lucky 11 year old who attends mainstream school in Tumkur, Karnataka.

She is also a regular student at the VAANI Sadhan Centre, where she undergoes speech therapy and learns life skills.

Our volunteers have spent more than 95,000 hours in community outreach through associating with more than 50 NGOs that support digital skilling efforts.

Jayanthi Nair, Analyst, who lives in Pune, is an active volunteer of the Zooniverse project, which has brought her a sense of purpose.

What’s more, it has given her a chance to involve her family in the activity.

Her son enjoys classifying animals with her and is learning so much about biodiversity.

She’s also the proud winner of the Zooniverse Global and National contest.

In her free time, she has been diligently conducting DigiClass for the beneficiaries of Dr. Reddy’s Foundation.

DigiClass: In these unprecedented times, when all of us are working from home, we had to design something to ensure our Skills to Succeed volunteers continued to teach and our beneficiaries continued to learn life skills.

We built an in house virtual platform, DigiClass, to facilitate online sessions for underprivileged youth.

Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE) is a NASA citizen science initiative that allows volunteers to gaze at the clouds and share their observations for environmental research.

Using the GLOBE Observer phone app, they can upload descriptive metrics and photos of clouds from their backyard or balcony.

Zooniverse focuses on understanding how plants and animals behave, to understand, among other things, the impact of climate change.

By making this tool available to our people, we’re helping speed up critical research that informs environmental innovation and will help protect the earth for future generations.

Mapathon is a project to put the world’s most vulnerable people on the map.

This year, our people created a digital map of remote areas in Peru, using the OpenStreetMap online tool with the help of a satellite image.

Through the project, we are enabling the provision of life saving essential health care for women and children.

On top of the world, that’s how the team felt when we worked on developing a mobile app for managing the alumni of Medha, one of our partner NGOs. Great sense of purpose for all of us, expressed Divya Prakash Singh, one of our volunteers and a lead for probono projects.

Strategy Consulting: Research, road map, fundraising and technology.

Marketing: Fundraising pitch, brochures and presentations.

Knowledge management, life skills, communicative English, computer basics and job readiness.

Accenture in India won the Golden Peacock Corporate Social Responsibility Award in 2019.

Accenture in India received the AVPN Constellations Award for the Future Right Skills Network Program in 2020.

Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security.

Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers.

Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries.

We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.