2022 Sustainability Report

Environment

We make sustainable solutions  
for our future work.

Social

Governance

Table of contents

03  Introduction 

A message from the chairman 
About Eaton

05  Eaton's sustainability strategy 

2030 sustainability targets
Sustainability dashboard
U.N. sustainable development goals

08  Summary of progress 

08  Environment 
Sustainable solutions
Footprint reduction

14  Social 

Inclusion and diversity
Talent attraction and development
Volunteering and charitable giving

18  Governance

Doing business right with transparency
Ethics and compliance 
Supply chain

20  ESG disclosures 

42  Appendices

A. Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
B. Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and ESG data book
C. Global Reporting Initiative Index

2

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report A message from the Chairman & CEO

Taking bold action to protect the planet – and improve the lives  
of its people

Climate events of 2022 have given us a glimpse of what 
this will look like for the planet and its people. According 
to the World Economic Forum, the planet saw 10 natural 
disasters in the year that cost society approximately $3 
billion each. But these figures don’t capture the human 
cost of these events; it’s the lives impacted – and those 
lost – that speak to the devastating and incalculable 
impact of climate change.

At Eaton, we understand the irreversible losses that 
come with inaction. We embrace the tremendous 
responsibility we have – and the urgency we face – to 
act now. And we are. We continue to push forward in 
our journey to pursue our bold environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) goals – a focus that’s reflected in our 
progress in the last year:
  •   We reduced our carbon footprint, decreasing our 

GHG emissions by 3% in the year and bringing the 
total reduction to 27%, or more than 50% of our 
2030 goal.

  •   We met a milestone in our zero waste-to-landfill 
goal, with 75% of our manufacturing sites now 
holding this certification against our 2030 goal of 
100%. Also, by the first quarter of 2023, we had 
certified 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero 
water discharge, meeting our 2030 target seven 
years ahead of our goal. 

  •   In the year, we delivered sustainable solutions 

for our customers and the world that represented 
71% of our net sales, a 6% increase over 2021. 
  •   We continued to build engagement among our 

employees, achieving an 83% engagement rate  
among our teams and meeting our target of 
delivering an average of 12 hours of training for 
every Eaton employee.

To our stakeholders,
In a sobering report published in the first quarter of 2023, 
the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 
announced that the planet is on course to exceed the 1.5 
degrees Celsius temperature threshold the world has been 
scrambling to avoid. Unless nations and companies take 
immediate action, we will meet this potentially catastrophic 
moment within the next decade.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

  •   And we prioritized doing business right for ourselves and 
our suppliers, ensuring that suppliers representing 93% 
of our total supplier spend affirmed our code of conduct.

Also in the year, we issued our first sustainability-linked 
bond, establishing a financial incentive for our company to 
meet our emissions reduction goals, a decisive step toward 
achieving our 2030 science-based targets and helping to 
mitigate climate change. 

As we accelerate our efforts to deliver on our sustainability 
goals inside of Eaton, we continue to make power safer, 
more sustainable and more efficient for our customers and 

Our vision 
To improve the quality of life and the 
environment through the use of power 
management technologies and services.

Our aspirational 
goals 
•   Be the preferred supplier to our 
customers and channel partners
•   Make work exciting, engaging and 

meaningful for our employees

•   Make communities stronger
•   Ensure health, wellness and safety  

for our employees

•   Be a model of inclusion and diversity 

in our industry

•   Be active stewards of the 

environment

partners. We’re helping our customers reduce emissions by 
designing low-carbon technologies and solutions that allow 
them to add more renewable energy sources, storage and 
electric vehicle infrastructure to their operations. 

We’re also collaborating with governments globally to 
accelerate the energy transition. In the U.S., we’re working 
with state and federal leaders to advance the adoption of 
electric vehicle infrastructure, to modernize the power grid 
to facilitate the deployment of more distributed energy 
resources, and to support programs to electrify homes and 
achieve new levels of energy efficiency. In Europe, we’re 
advocating for new regulations and legislation to eliminate 
SF6 gas in switchgear and to help the EU achieve its goal 
to become climate neutral by 2050.

Finally, we remain committed to transparently reporting 
on our sustainability progress, policies and performance in 
our 2022 Sustainability and Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures reports. As governments worldwide 
continue to increase sustainability disclosure requirements, 
we stand ready to provide the nations where we operate and 
all our stakeholders visibility into the work we’re doing to halt 
the crippling impacts of climate change.

Despite our progress, climate science is showing that we 
have much work ahead of us. But it’s work that can be done. 
Scientists indicate that we still have time to act to avoid 
the catastrophic consequences ahead. At Eaton, we’re not 
wasting a moment. We’re leveraging the full resources, 
expertise and passion of our teams around the world to 
ensure we keep the promise we’ve made to society: to 
protect the environment and improve the quality of life for 
people today and for the generations that will follow.

Craig Arnold 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
About Eaton

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

We make what matters work.

Sales across market segments

We’re an intelligent power management company committed to improving the 
quality of life and the environment. Our products, technologies and services 
make a difference in the world.

Electrical            Vehicle and eMobility           Aerospace

Customers in 

2022 net sales

$20.8B
170+
>90K Employees around the world

countries

Established

NYSE ticker

Commercial
& Institutional

Military
Aerospace

Commercial
Aerospace

Commercial
Vehicles

Electrical
Utility

Industrial

Figure 1: 2022 end market sales mix

Machinery

Residential

Data centers
& Distributed IT

Light
Vehicles

Electric
Vehicles

4

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Our sustainability strategy

The world is experiencing some of the most important secular growth trends that we 
will see in our lifetime: the explosive rise of digitalization and the energy 
transition from fossil fuels to renewables—changes being driven by unprecedented 
growth in electrification and climate change.

We’re responding by deploying our four-part sustainability strategy, 
which addresses environmental, social and governance issues. It also allows us 
to meet today’s changing power management needs, while making good on our 
mission to improve the quality of life and the environment.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Our 2030 sustainability targets

Creating sustainable solutions

• 
• 

 15% reduction in Scope 3 emissions
 $3 billion in sustainable research and development

Reducing our footprint
•
•
•
• 

50% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
 Carbon neutral by 2030
 100% manufacturing sites certified zero waste to landfill
 10% manufacturing sites certified zero water discharge

Engaging our employees and communities
•
•
•

 80%+ employee engagement rating
12 hours training and development per employee each year
 250,000 hours of volunteer time per year

Doing business right and transparency

•  50%+ improvement in safety metrics
• 
• 
• 

 No human rights violations from key suppliers
 Report priority ESG issues per SASB and TCFD frameworks
 Disclose U.S. minority and global gender pay equity assurance results

5

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report 2022 Sustainability Dashboard

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

We’re making considerable progress in achieving our goals. Here are our most recent results: 

Creating sustainable solutions

Reducing our footprint

Engaging our employees  
and communities

Doing business right  
and transparency

Sustainable solutions
71%

Greenhouse gas

27%

reduced since 2018

Employee engagement
83%

Goal: Increase net sales from solutions that  
enable a more sustainable future*

Goal: Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our 
operations 50% (science-based target)

Goal: Achieve and maintain employee engagement 
scores of 80% or higher

Safety results

.40

Goal: Achieve Total 
Recordable Case Rate 
(TRCR) of 0.25

.16

Goal: Achieve Days Away 
Case Rate (DACR) of 0.15

Sustainable R&D investment
$900M

Goal: Invest more than $3 billion in R&D aligned  
with our Positive Impact Framework by 2030

Waste

75%

zero waste to landfill

Goal: Certify 100% of our manufacturing sites  
as zero waste to landfill

Training hours
12

Suppliers
93%

Goal: Commit to 12 hours of employee development 
and training per employee, per year

Suppliers representing 93% of supplier spend  
have affirmed our Code of Conduct

Value chain emissions
23%**

down since 2018

Water

8%

zero water discharge

Volunteer hours
45,771

Pay equity

Goal: Reduce Scope 3 emissions from our solutions 
and value chain 15% (science-based target)

Goal: Certify 10% of manufacturing sites  
as zero water discharge

Goal: Record 250,000 hours of employee volunteer  
time annually

Goal: Share our minority and gender pay equity  
assurance results. Details at Eaton.com

* Net sales were from sustainable solutions that enable electrification, energy transition, electric grid resilience, increasing efficiency in ground and air transportation and improved air quality
** While our emissions are down ahead of our target, we expect that some of this decline is temporary due to pandemic-related decreases in production levels

Report priority ESG issues in alignment with SASB and TCFD

6

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report We advance Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Consistent with our vision to improve 

the quality of life and the environment 

and as a participant in the U.N. 

Global Compact, Eaton is committed 

to advancing the United Nations 

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 

through our 2030 sustainability targets. 

Eaton tracks the alignment of our 

active patent families with the SDGs 

as an indicator of how our innovations 

contribute to these global goals (page 

30). In alignment with these targets and 

our strategic sustainability pillars, these 

10 SDGs are the areas that Eaton is 

impacting the most.

Employee health and well-
being is a business priority. 
Our management of employee 
health and safety practices and 
our wellness initiatives further 
good health and well-being. 

We assure fair pay equity, prioritize 
gender diversity in management, 
leadership and board composition,  
as well as provide programs for 
women to advance in STEM.

We focus on responsible water 
practices to maximize our efficient 
use of resources and minimize 
potential negative impacts caused by 
effluents. We manufacture solutions 
that are used in processes that 
improve water efficiency, quality, 
sanitation and desalination. 

Our solutions help to reduce 
emissions and waste and are 
also used in renewable energy, 
grid management and energy 
storage applications.

We respect human rights and 
require our suppliers to do the same. 
Our Ethics guide sets minimum 
expectations for our employees 
and suppliers. We offer training, 
apprenticeship, mentoring and 
employee development programs. 

Our power management 
technologies play a key role 
in updating infrastructure and 
retrofitting industries to make 
them more resource-efficient. 
Our products reduce emissions 
and waste and are also used in 
renewable energy, grid management 
and energy storage applications.

Our strategic focus on inclusion 
and diversity and U.S. minority and 
gender pay equity helps to advance 
equality in our operations around 
the world.

Our products help make densely-
populated areas more resilient 
and energy efficient. We are also 
innovating solutions for rural and 
developing areas to help power 
needs be met all over the world.

We are driving the movement to 
a circular economy—one that is 
aimed at eliminating waste and 
making the best use of natural 
resources. By 2030, we aim to 
achieve zero waste-to-landfill 
status at 100 percent of our 
manufacturing facilities.

We develop products that contribute 
to climate change mitigation and 
are transparent about the risks and 
opportunities climate change poses 
for our business. We engage our 
suppliers in climate action and work to 
decarbonize our own operations. 

7

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Environment–Sustainable solutions

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Energy transition: replacing carbon-based fuels with renewables 
The energy transition is changing how power needs to be managed and optimized for homes, at a facility level and for utilities. As energy 
flows through the grid bi-directionally and through more devices than ever before, our approach allows homeowners, businesses and 
communities to reduce the environmental impact of energy. We help customers safely add more renewables, storage and electric 
vehicle infrastructure to their energy mix—to become more sustainable and resilient while lowering energy costs.    Learn more.

Interoperability: the cornerstone of an 
electrified future

Eaton joins the Czech Hydrogen Technology 
Platform (HYTEP) 

Electrical systems typically incorporate technology from 
many manufacturers and get upgraded and modernized over 
time. This makes it a challenge to ensure all the hardware, 
software and controls work well together. Through an open 
communications platform, our smart breakers make it 
possible to accelerate energy management and monitoring, 
providing new ability to switch out energy sources as needed 
and control everything from one device. This kind of ease and 
flexibility is helping accelerate electrification and the energy 
transition to renewables.  
  Learn more.

Vehicle manufacturers are introducing electrified models of 
all sizes—from passenger cars to heavy duty trucks. While 
batteries are most utilized in light duty vehicles, hydrogen 
has been identified as a promising energy carrier for long-
haul freight. Hydrogen can be transformed within a fuel 
cell, which powers the electric motor, and can be eventually 
burned in a combustion engine with zero CO2 emissions. To 
further support development of hydrogen technologies in the 
Czech Republic, Eaton joined the Czech Hydrogen Technology 
Platform (HYTEP). Eaton’s membership in HYTEP will help 
accelerate the decarbonization of transportation.

At Eaton, we power solutions for global change in a world that needs smarter, more efficient and more 
sustainable power management solutions. Companies and communities alike depend on Eaton to solve some 
of the planet’s toughest power management challenges. That’s a responsibility we take seriously—because 
we owe it to future generations to leave the world a safer and more sustainable place to live. In our journey to 
optimize energy usage worldwide, we’re focused on three key priorities: the energy transition to renewables, 
electrification, and digitalization. 

Eaton advances integrated EV charging 
infrastructure: 

Eaton is collaborating and innovating around the world to develop 
integrated EV charging infrastructure to support the rapid adoption 
of EVs. In Switzerland, Eaton joined forces with four other 
companies to build a microgrid demonstrator that will be capable 
of supplying electricity to local businesses and charging up to 350 
electric vehicles at a time. Additionally, Eaton is working with the 
EU-supported Flow Consortium to develop integrated technologies 
and business models needed to support mass deployment of 
electric vehicle charging infrastructure.

8

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Electrification: powering next-generation transportation and much more 
The electrification of more areas of the economy, including transportation, building systems and industry, will drive a 
substantial increase in power demand by 2050. We help facilitate transport electrification today and collaborate with 
companies around the globe to innovate the technologies of the future.    Learn more. 

Eaton unveils multiple EV innovations in 2022

Breaktor

Eaton pledges to support the Drive to Zero 
initiative for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles 

Eaton has endorsed the global Memorandum of 
Understanding (MOU) on Zero-Emission Medium- and 
Heavy-Duty Vehicles (MHDVs). The initiative is propelled by 
CALSTART and calls for 30% of new MHDVs to be emissions 
free by 2030, and 100% of new MHDV trucks to be emissions 
free by 2040. As part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work 
with its industry partners to overcome strategic, political and 
technical barriers; accelerate zero-emission vehicle production 
and deployment; and increase investment and economies of 
scale to make the transition faster and more cost effective. 
    Learn more. 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Our Breaktor technology is a new advanced circuit protection 
solution for battery electric vehicles (BEVs) that combines the 
function of fuses, pyro switches and contactors into a single 
coordinated device. As electric vehicle power levels increase, 
the Breaktor circuit protection solution solves the ever-increasing 
coordination challenge between fuses and contactors while 
offering fast, safe and reliable protection for high-power battery 
and inverter systems. This circuit protection technology was 
named a 2022 Automotive News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch. 
    Learn more.  

Our Breaktor technology was named a 2022 Automotive 
News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch. 

EV reduction gears 

Battery pack vent valves

Our lightweight, compact EV reduction gears are designed to 
minimize noise, vibration and harshness (NVH), weight and 
cost, while maximizing motor efficiency and battery range. EV 
gearing design and production is part of our complete portfolio 
of ePowertrain and eMobility solutions, including integrated gear 
and motor shafts, EV reduction gearing, and EV differentials, all 
designed to manage the unique torque requirements of EVs.  
    Learn more. 

Our 3-in-1 battery pack vent valve for EV batteries is capable of 
several unique functions, including a battery case leak-check 
mechanism, as well as passive and active venting to provide 
overpressure relief for a vehicle’s battery pack.  
    Learn more. 

9

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Digitalization: new connections optimize energy consumption  
By leveraging digital technologies including connected devices, cloud and mobile platforms, artificial intelligence and machine 
learning at scale, Eaton is able to transform power management – making power safer, more sustainable and efficient for 
customers and partners. Digitalization news and insights. 

By 2025 we aim to achieve

In 2022, we added

In 2022, we launched

$500M

in revenue from our digitally enabled 
hardware, digital services and 
Brightlayer suites of solutions

13

new products to our Brightlayer suites

9

new software offerings to 
strengthen our Brightlayer suites

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Eaton research report examines intersection 
of digitalization and energy transition 

New Eaton Project Center improves 
construction project productivity

In our 2022 Brightlayer research report, we examine the 
importance of factoring the energy transition into digital 
transformation planning and the impact that a more expansive 
view can have on four power-critical industries: industrial, 
utilities, buildings and data centers.  
    Learn more. 

Eaton Project Center is a collaborative, self-serve digital 
platform that includes order management, downloadable 
reports and technical support. The platform helps customers 
drive electrical projects from design and construction to 
commissioning and operation in one centralized place. 
    Learn more. 

Green Motion EV smart breaker charger 

Advanced Distribution Planning System

Powered by our Brightlayer platform, Green Motion EV smart 
breaker chargers enable fast AC charging, real-time energy 
insights and integration with onsite renewable and energy storage 
systems to advance smart and sustainable energy systems. 
    Learn more. 

Eaton’s Advanced Distribution Planning System (ADPS) is a 
model-based, analytical enterprise software featuring CYME 
power system modeling and analyses. ADPS helps utilities 
accelerate decarbonization through the increased adoption 
of renewable energy sources.  
    Learn more. 

Figure 2: Our Brightlayer digital foundation combines deep domain knowledge with artificial intelligence, machine learning and data processing technologies.

10

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Positive impact solutions: designed with a purpose  
Eaton engineers design solutions that enable our customers to conserve resources and make smart energy decisions. That’s why we’ve 
committed to spending $3 billion on sustainable research and development by 2030. We use the six dimensions of our award-winning 
Positive Impact Framework (PIF) to design solutions that deliver a range of sustainability benefits, including reduced environmental 
impact, increased use-phase efficiency, safety and reliability. In 2022, 72% of our top new product development programs enabled a 
positive sustainability impact.

In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions have surpassed our 2030 target. However, we expect some of this decline is temporary due to 
pandemic-related decreases in production levels. We are continuing our work to reduce Scope 3 emissions through shifting the sales 
mix of our solutions to more efficient technologies and lower carbon intensity products. Also, category 11 emissions may also be 
reduced by greening of the grid and shifts in portfolio sales related to certain industries. We expect some of these reductions to be more 
permanent and some to change as industries recover and our company grows.

Partnering for sustainable development  
Eaton is collaborating on several projects as an active member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD) including engagement on the creation of WBCSD’s Avoided Emissions Guidance, which was recently endorsed 
by the G7; tackling Scope 3 transparency through our involvement in The Partnership for Carbon Transparency (PACT) 
workstream, which focuses on establishing a global methodology for accurate, primary and verified GHG emissions data 
exchange; and participating in the Horizon Zero Aluminum Working Group pilot in partnership with Rocky Mountain Institute 
and the Automotive Partnership for Carbon Transparency (A-PACT). We’re also involved in several other initiatives with 
WBCSD that include tackling systemic challenges for a sustainable transition to renewables, decarbonizing transportation, 
automotive supply chain decarbonization and more.

Our goal is to reduce 
Scope 3 emissions by

Innovating alternatives to SF6

Eaton’s Positive Impact Framework  
earns the 2022 Digital Engineering award

15%

by 2030

Since 2018, we've reduced 
our Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions by

23%

In 2022, we reduced the use
phase and embodied carbon
in new Electrical Sector 
product designs by

3.9%

Efficiency
in use

SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) is a colorless, odorless gas and an 
excellent insulator in electrical switchgear—but it tops the 
list of the most potent greenhouse gases. As an alternative 
to SF6, gas mixtures based on fluoronitrile C4F7N have 
been identified as one of the most promising candidates. 
Detailing this research, three members of the Eaton’s Arc 
Modeling and Simulation CoE team, Venkat R. Narayanan, 
Mykhailo Gnybida, and Christian Rümpler, published a paper 
entitled, “Transport and radiation properties of C4F7N–CO2 
gas mixtures with added oxygen” in the Journal of Physics 
D: Applied Physics. Eaton’s publication in this prestigious 
international journal underlines our capabilities in this field, 
and the knowledge gained through this research project will 
be important for achieving our sustainability targets.  

Eaton’s Positive Impact Framework (PIF) received a 2022 
Digital Engineering Award and was recognized as a Top 
Sustainability Initiative in the Champion category. As 
a result of the PIF adoption within Eaton, the average 
carbon footprint indexed within our Electrical Sector has 
been reduced over the last two years by almost 10% of 
CO2 equivalents. Additionally, new products released over 
the last ten months show the potential of reducing our 
Electrical Sector’s year-to-date product-related greenhouse 
gas impact by 5.1% of CO2 equivalents. 
    Learn more. 

Figure 3: Eaton's six positive impact framework categories

11

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Environment–Reducing our footprint

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Carbon: the race to zero 
We are driving actions to decarbonize our emissions and advance a net-zero future. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC), to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change we must limit global warming to 1.5°C and reach 
net-zero global carbon emissions by 2050. Our greenhouse gas reduction targets put us on a pathway that is aligned with reaching 
this target and have been approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 

We are on track to meet our goal of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 50% and to be carbon neutral 
by 2030. We will achieve this by reducing the carbon intensity of our Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity and reductions 
to our Scope 1 direct emissions from natural gas, fleet emissions and process fuels. Where emissions cannot be reduced by 2030, 
we plan to use carbon offsets.

Our goal is to reduce  
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by

In 2022, we reduced our 
greenhouse gas emissions by

We have reduced our 
energy consumption by 

50%

by 2030 and become 
carbon neutral

27%

since 2018

11%

since 2018

Eaton announces first $1.3 billion 
sustainability-linked bond

Accelerating Industry 4.0 through Eaton’s 
Digital Factory initiative 

At our sites around the globe, we are focused on reducing energy consumption and decarbonizing our energy 
supply, and have committed to rigorous, defined targets to reduce waste and water.

One of our critical sustainability goals is to mitigate climate change while improving the efficiency of our 
operations. We have identified several innovative ways to promote resource use reduction that not only limit 
emissions and our consumption of resources, but also lower our cost of production. Our businesses are held 
accountable for the implementation of these efforts by our Sustainability Executive Council led by Chairman 
and CEO, Craig Arnold.

Eaton’s sustainability-linked notes offering represents a 
significant step in aligning Eaton’s long-term financing 
structures with its ambitious environmental targets. The 
sustainability-linked notes interest rate is subject to the 
achievement of a Sustainability Performance Target (SPT) to 
achieve at least a 40% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions by year-end 2027, relative to a 2018 
baseline. Learn more about how we’re leveraging financial 
tools to meet our sustainability goals.

Eaton’s digital transformation involves efforts to digitalize 
our manufacturing footprint and drive productivity for our 
operations through the implementation of Industry 4.0 
solutions. Eaton’s new Digital Factory Initiative aims to 
have the majority of our sites in the “demonstrating” or 
higher stage of Industry 4.0 integration. 

12

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Waste: reduce, reuse, repair, recycle  
Our waste philosophy at Eaton centers around four key pillars: reduce, reuse, recycle, repair. Our process starts with eliminating 
waste streams before they reach our facilities and then engaging partners to help us divert our remaining waste from landfills. 
We are driving the movement to a circular economy—one that is aimed at eliminating waste and making the best use of natural 
resources. We believe that a circular mindset should be applied across the life of a product, from the way we design and 
manufacture it, to our ability to extend its life, give it a second life, or recycle it to re-enter the supply chain.

We implement a zero waste-to-landfill certification program1, which is awarded to sites that consistently achieve a landfill waste 
diversion rate of 98% or more through either reuse, composting, recycling or incineration with energy recovery. Each of Eaton’s 
zero-waste sites are subjected to a third-party audit process that includes verifying conformance to our definition and ensuring 
proper tracking and oversight practices are maintained.

Eaton engineers circular miniature circuit 
breaker enclosure 

For certain markets, miniature circuit breakers are made of 
thermoset-based enclosures that are difficult to recycle and 
either must be landfilled or incinerated. Through sustainable 
R&D investments, Eaton has engineered a novel formulation 
based on thermoplastic material, which is recyclable with a 
better arc-track performance during short circuit events. This 
thermoset to thermoplastic conversion could support not only 
a circular economy through increased recyclability and reduced 
material consumption by 34%, but can also potentially result 
in reduced life cycle end-of-life CO2 emissions by about 52%, 
based on Eaton's internal screening Life Cycle Analysis (LCA). 
We're currently evaluating potential applications of this material 
in our electrical product offerings. 

Remanufacturing promotes circular economy

Eaton’s Vehicle Group annually remanufactures thousands 
of transmissions, clutches, and electronic components. Our 
remanufacturing process reuses more than 60% of materials that 
are returned. Vehicle remanufactured products have a 20% lower 
carbon footprint compared to the equivalent new product, according 
to a recent internal life cycle assessment (LCA). This reuse results 
in fewer raw materials and energy to produce and deliver the parts, 
saving about 2,200 MT CO2e in 2022. Our remanufacturing strategy 
is one of the ways Vehicle Group is contributing to the circular 
economy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with 
manufacturing and supporting products.

[1] UL Research Institutes Zero Waste Classification standard, UL 2799A, requires each facility of an organization to 
prove at least 90% diversion through methods other than waste to energy for that facility to achieve Zero Waste to 
Landfill (ZWTL) silver designation. Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion.

Our goal is to certify

100%

of our manufacturing sites zero 
waste to landfill by 2030

As of 2022

75%

of our manufacturing sites were 
certified as zero waste to landfill 

We have reduced our 
landfilled waste

55%

since 2018

Eaton wins supplier award from 
EUISSCA 

Eaton named one of the top 10 
companies combatting waste by 
Sustainability Magazine 

The Electric Utility Industry Sustainable Supply Chain 
Alliance (EUISSCA) named Eaton the grand winner of its 
“Transforming the Supply Chain Award” in the Case Study 
category. Our award-winning case study focused on our 
capacitor take-back and recycling program launched in 2019 
by our Power Systems Division. The capacitor take-back 
program is the first of its kind in the U.S. and offers the 
pickup, loading and recycling of any capacitor unit, regardless 
of age, manufacturer or condition. The capacitor take-back 
program has recycled more than 60,000 pounds of waste 
material, diverting it from going to a landfill.

Eaton was named a top company by Sustainability Magazine 
for our progress toward our 100% zero waste to landfill goal.  
    Learn more. 

"All Eaton sites have strict 
waste regulations, and all 
suppliers must adhere to  
the company’s minimal  
waste standards."

13

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Water: active water stewardship  
To reduce freshwater consumption as much as possible and to ensure that water is used responsibly, we look for ways to treat 
water once it has been used and reuse it in downstream processes. We recognize that the water we use at our own facilities 
is a shared resource. And while our processes are not particularly water intensive, water is critical to many of our operations 
and our communities. 

Each of our sites must maintain up-to-date water maps and documentation of the following sources: water intake; water use; 
and wastewater generation (including noncontact cooling water). We implement a zero water discharge certification program 
where sites must consistently achieve an industrial wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less. Certified sites must manage 
industrial wastewater in a beneficial manner so that at least 98% of water is recycled and reused.

Employees taking active stewardship of the environment  
The Green Guardians at Eaton are an active employee group focused on promoting sustainable lifestyles. This group spearheads 
facility-wide projects and events such as composting programs, installing LED lighting and slow-flow faucets, planting community 
gardens and cleaning local waterways. The group communicates regularly through an open, internal forum where employees share 
articles, tips and photos. Discussions range from asking for how-to advice on reducing personal fossil fuel use to sharing low-
carbon diet recipes.

For nearly a decade, Eaton has maintained an annual Sustainability Awards program.  In 2022, more than 130 submissions from 
Eaton teams showcased how local projects advance our 2030 sustainability targets. 

Our goal is to certify

10%

of our manufacturing sites 
zero water discharge by 2030

As of 2022

8%

of our manufacturing sites were 
certified zero water discharge

We have reduced our water 
use in manufacturing by 

15%

since 2018

Reverse osmosis in Valinhos 

CII National Award for Excellence in 
Water Management

Our Vehicle Group plant in Valinhos, Brazil, installed a reverse 
osmosis system to reuse a portion of the site’s treated 
wastewater in its cooling towers. After implementing the 
new system, the site’s reuse of industrial wastewater in the 
plant reached 50%, getting the plant closer to achieving its 
zero water discharge certification and contributing to Eaton’s 
overall water reduction goals. 

Our Electrical Sector's Eaton Power Quality Private Limited 
(EPQPL) Pondicherry, India, site received the Confederation 
of Indian Industry (CII) National Award for Excellence in 
Water Management. The Award was conferred during CII’s 
Water Innovation Summit in New Delhi. The site’s efforts 
toward effective water management included achieving 
Eaton’s zero water discharge certification, and the “Dual 
Pipeline” project, which uses treated graywater for flushing. 

14

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Social–Our employees and communities

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Inclusion and diversity: diverse perspectives power a better company
When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we—as individuals and 
as a company—are stronger. As the world shifts around us, our employees’ creativity, passion for the work they do, and deep 
commitment to improving the lives of others are driving innovation across our company, making it possible for us to meet the needs 
of our customers and stakeholders. We stand united in our commitment to living by our values and embracing inclusion, diversity 
and equity inside our company and in society. And we remain committed to putting diverse perspectives to work, today and in the 
years to come, to benefit all those we serve. This is not a new journey for us, and we know there is more work to do.

By 2030, we aim to: 
  • 
  • 
  • 
   •  Achieve an inclusion index score of 80% or higher

 Maintain or exceed current representation of women and U.S. minorities on our Board of Directors and senior leadership team
 Increase representation of women in global salaried* roles to 40%
 Increase representation of salaried* U.S. minorities to 34%

*Salaried defined as professional and above (formerly salary band 6 and higher)

Our inclusion and diversity model

Our vision

Our aspiration

Our promise

Improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services

To be a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry

Make Eaton a great place to work 
because of the uniqueness of each 
individual is valued

Enable development of high-
performing teams that deliver results

Give stakeholders confidence 
about engaging with a sustainable, 
socially responsible company

Our mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management 
technologies. But we can’t improve society without also looking inward. Our employees care about creating a 
better and more sustainable world. A fully engaged workforce is essential to building a happier, more satisfied 
workforce. No one person or single company can advance sustainability initiatives alone. It takes a culture of 
awareness, inclusion and engagement. 

Our impact

Our organizational
model

Global Inclusion Council (GIC):  
Chaired by the CEO
Provides strategic direction, leadership support and 
accountability

Regional Inclusion Council (RIC):  
Chaired by Presidents
Provides regional focus, leadership support and  
resources and accountability

Managers
Hold themselves accountable for an inclusive and 
diverse workplace

Every Employee 
Is their true self and works inclusively, appreciating 
differences and accepting new ideas

The power of many perspectives drives innovation and growth

Demonstrate inclusive 
leadership behaviors 
to create a sense of 
belonging

Embrace inclusive 
ways of working to 
engage and develop 
employees

Enhance collaboration 
and learning

Ensure the diversity of  
our workforce reflects 
the marketplace and 
our communities

Figure 4 Eaton's inclusion and diversity model 

15

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Strengthening our pipeline of diverse talent
It is Eaton’s policy to make all decisions regarding employment, including hiring, compensation, training, promotions, 
transfers or layoffs, based on the principle of equal employment opportunity and without discrimination. We actively work to 
strengthen our diverse pipeline of talent in support of our inclusion and diversity strategy. Every year, Eaton recruits through 
its memberships with the National Society of Black Engineers, the Society of Women Engineers and the Society of Hispanic 
Professional Engineers. Additionally, in 2022, Eaton was recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the 
second consecutive year, scoring 100 out of 100 on the Disability Equality Index.

Representation of women 
and U.S. minorities on our 
Board of Directors is

Representation of U.S. 
minorities on our Global 
Leadership Team is

Increased inclusion index in 
our 2022 Pulse Survey to

73%

57% 76%

Driving diversity in our legal department 

Second Chance hiring 

In 2022, Eaton was named a Mansfield 2.0 Certified Legal 
Department (MRLD) and achieved the MRLD Certification Plus 
designation. These achievements indicate that Eaton has met 
MRLD's consideration requirement by considering at least 50% 
historically underrepresented lawyers for its leadership roles 
and exceeded it, with underrepresented lawyers comprising at 
least 50% of Eaton’s current legal leadership team. 

We believe it is incumbent for us to remove barriers to 
employment and advancement by allowing individuals with 
prior criminal records to fairly compete for job opportunities. 
By shortening the look-back period on certain misdemeanors 
and emphasizing the philosophy when reviewing criminal 
flags, 82.4% of applicants with criminal convictions passed our 
screening in 2022.

Inclusion on our IT team for persons with 
disabilities

Our IT department worked with a national company focused 
on creating jobs for people with disabilities, to identify 
individuals in their program who had the IT skills to help us 
manage access to internal systems. The company held a 
workshop with candidates and identified four individuals who 
were assigned to Eaton. Additionally, a series of workshops 
on understanding neurodiversity were held with the Eaton 
employees who would work with the new employees.  

Representation trend
Global women and U.S. minorities* (professional, management, and executive roles—excludes officers and divestitures)

Global women

U.S. minorities*

24.5%

25.1%

25.7%

26.3%

26.7% 27.2%

19.7%

20.4%

21.0%

18.8%

21.9% 22.8%

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 5: Global women

Figure 6: U.S. minorities

* Excluding Puerto Rico"

16

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Talent attraction and development
Today’s workforce expects meaningful and engaging work—with opportunities to grow and flourish. That’s why one of the 
pillars of our sustainability strategy is enlisting and leveraging our employees to multiply our positive impact. We engage with 
our employees through enterprise-wide town halls, by hosting informal listening meetings or surveying groups of employees 
on specific subjects. 

12

Training hours per employee 
in 2022

83%

Employee engagement rate

Goal to disclose pay equity 
assurance results

Community involvement and charitable giving
We strive to help the communities in which we operate become vibrant places to live and work. We serve many communities 
around the world, and our employees' skills and ideas reflect them. We are proud to be active participants in our local 
communities, and our goal is to bring tangible and sustainable benefits to the places in which we live and work.

In 2022, we donated approximately $10 million in charitable contributions around the world.  These donations support arts 
and culture, community and economic development, education, environment, health and human service programs and more. 
Donations are aimed at both addressing community needs and supporting employee involvement. 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Eaton Cuautitlán supports childhood nutrition

Eaton supports Pittsburgh-area community 
with more than $300,000 in donations

The team at our Cuautitlán, Mexico, site donated $35,000 to 
Comedores de Amor, a nonprofit organization dedicated to 
helping children and young people in poverty by providing them 
with food, clothes and support for formal education. “When we 
support the community, we are helping to create a better world 
for everyone," said Benjamín Dozal, plant manager, Residential 
& Wiring Devices (RWD), Cuautitlán, México. "This project has 
been a great way to help those who need us most. I appreciate 
the support of the RWD team from Cuautitlán, México, for their 
work and passion to make this project a reality and for continuing 
to making what matters work."

Eaton contributed more than $300,000 to 35 nonprofit 
organizations in Pittsburgh and southwestern Pennsylvania. Our 
regional employees are helping build a stronger community by 
participating in numerous regional organizations, volunteering 
their time and acting as stewards for the Eaton Charitable Fund. 
In the region, the Eaton Charitable Fund provided support to both 
long-standing and new recipients, including Meals on Wheels, 
Verland, the Matt Alterio Foundation and many other nonprofit 
organizations serving the community. 
    Learn more. 

45,771 $10M

The amount of our 
charitable contributions

Hours our employees 
volunteered in their 
communities in 2022

15

Number of years we’ve been 
on 3BL Media’s “100 Best 
Corporate Citizens” list

17

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Governance–Doing business right

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Ethics and compliance: we all own ethics 
 We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the center of the business. Our philosophy is simple: we all own ethics. 
This means we believe everyone at our company plays a role in creating and sustaining an ethical culture. We expect all 
employees to do the right thing every time.  

Eaton is one of “World’s Most Ethical Companies”

In 2022, we were once again honored by the Ethisphere Institute 
as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies. Eaton was one of 
only seven companies in the Industrial Manufacturing segment to 
receive this recognition, and this was the eleventh time that Eaton 
has been recognized.

In 2022,

1,641

matters were reported through 
our whistleblower hotline

47%

of ethics matters investigated 
and closed were substantiated

41%

of matters were reported 
anonymously

18

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our 
culture. We nurture the right values and make clear what we mean by acting with integrity. By continuing to 
meet the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect an important part of what makes us uniquely 
successful in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees. Our commitment to doing business right begins 
at the highest levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day through the actions of our employees.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Resilient and sustainable supply chain  
At Eaton, we care about creating a sustainable and ethically managed supply chain to make the world a better place for all. We 
strive to create transparent relationships with our suppliers, with clear expectations and explicit guidance governing the way 
we do business. Our suppliers’ worker health and safety is a top priority. We require our suppliers to affirm commitments to 
responsible labor and human rights practices to secure and maintain our business through our Supplier Code of Conduct. The 
code is embedded in our standard terms and conditions and outlines Eaton’s expectations for supplier workplace standards and 
business practices, including human rights issues such as modern slavery, human trafficking and conflict minerals. 

$1.7B

Purchased goods and services 
from small and diverse 
suppliers in 2022

32%

of supplier spend in the U.S. 
with diverse suppliers in 2022

93%

of suppliers by spend affirmed 
Eaton’s Code of Conduct

Eaton earns A for supplier  
sustainability engagement
Eaton earned an A score for supply chain engagement from 
CDP, making the organization’s 2022 Supplier Engagement 
Leaderboard for climate action. Our company is among the top 
8% CDP assessed for supplier engagement on climate change. 
Eaton’s supplier engagement rating is related to how we  
manage our interactions with suppliers, our supplier 
sustainability strategy, our upstream carbon targets and 
performance and our engagement with our supply chain and 
strategic suppliers’ sustainability. In 2022, we targeted our largest 
spend and most carbon intense suppliers for engagement 
through CDP, engaging 50% of our suppliers by spend.

Awards

Chairman and CEO 
Craig Arnold was 
recognized as CEO 

Received a Silver 
recognition for 2022 
Top Global Champion 

of the Year by the National 
Minority Supplier Development 
Council (NMSDC). 

Awardees for Supplier 
Diversity and Inclusion from 
WEConnect International. 

Earned National 
Corporation of the 
Year from Women's 

Business Enterprise Council 
Ohio River Valley

19

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report ESG Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Forward-looking statements

Many statements in this report are forward-looking statements 

related to projections and future plans that are based, and inherently 

subject to, on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns. Such 

forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may,” 

“expect,” “could,” “goal,” “will,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,” 

“potential,” and other similar phrases or words that convey a future or 

prospective nature.

These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various

risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from

those in the forward-looking statements: the course of the COVID-19

pandemic globally and government actions related thereto; geopolitical

tensions, unanticipated changes in the markets for the company’s

business segments; unanticipated downturns in business relationships

with customers or their purchases from us; competitive pressures on

sales and pricing; supply chain disruptions, unanticipated changes in the

cost of material, labor, and other production costs, or unexpected costs

that cannot be recouped in product pricing; the introduction of competing

technologies; unexpected technical or marketing difficulties; unexpected

claims, charges, litigation or dispute resolutions; strikes or other labor

unrest; natural disasters; the performance of recent acquisitions;

unanticipated difficulties completing or integrating acquisitions; new

laws and governmental regulations; interest rate changes; changes in

tax laws or tax regulations; stock market and currency fluctuations; and

unanticipated deterioration of economic and financial conditions in the

United States and around the world. We do not assume any obligation to

update these forward-looking statements.

About this report

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

Reporting boundaries, frameworks and standards

ESG Disclosure page here: Reports and disclosures | 
Sustainability | Eaton

sustainability reporting.
Materality process

 Eaton’s 2022 Sustainability Report covers activities 
and data which occurred during the 2022 calendar 
year at the Eaton Corp PLC level. It describes our 
governance, policies, management approaches, 
targets, metrics and key activities for our material1 
ESG issues. It focuses on our priority issues and 
supplements our financial reporting in our Annual 
Report. Given Eaton’s size and global operations, data 
is collected through various internal reporting systems. 

Eaton also aligns our disclosures with reputable ESG 
frameworks including the Sustainable Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals.  We publish our 
TCFD report annually on the governance, strategy, 
risk management, metrics and targets related to our 
climate risks and opportunities, which can be found in 
Appendix A. 

Eaton reports on all priority ESG issues identified by the 
SASB for our industry. Eaton’s ESG Databook and SASB 
Index can be found in Appendix B. 

This report has been prepared with reference to the 
2021 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. GRI 
is an independent international organization that has 
pioneered sustainability reporting since 1997. Eaton’s 
GRI Content Index can be found in Appendix C. 

Eaton reports on climate change and water annually 
to CDP. Those reports and additional ESG-related 
policies and certifications can be found online on our 

Verification and/or assurance

Our greenhouse gas, zero water discharge and 
zero waste-to-landfill metrics have been third-party
verified and are determined to be materially correct.
We verify Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
at a reasonable level of assurance according to 
ISO 14064-3:2019 standard. We verify Scope 3 
greenhouse gas emissions at a limited level of 
assurance according to ISO 14064-3:2019 standard.  
View our verification statements online.

Eaton is prioritizing ESG disclosure processes and 
controls and a roadmap to more assurance of ESG 
data in preparation for upcoming compliance with 
sustainability reporting regulations in the United 
States and the European Union.  

MATERIAL 1 ESG ISSUES 

Eaton periodically assesses our impact on the 
environment, our communities and the economy. We 
consider internal and external stakeholder expectations 
for our sustainability strategy, targets and performance. 
As part of our periodic review and evaluation of our ESG 
Material1 topics, we ensure we focus on relevant and 
emerging issues that impact Eaton and our stakeholders. 

Our first analysis of key sustainability topics was finalized 
in 2014, and in 2017 we completed our first refresh. In 
2022, we undertook a comprehensive ESG materiality 
assessment aligned with the latest recommendations 
of the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards. We use 
the results of our ESG Materiality analysis to inform our 
sustainability strategy and to form the boundaries for our 

Context identification: First, we defined the 
context by identifying the likely material topics for 
Eaton based on our sector. Because GRI has not 
yet defined Sector Standards for Eaton’s sector, we 
started with the comprehensive list of GRI Universal 
Standards and Material topics as our basis for 
analysis. We also reviewed the risks as identified by 
our Enterprise Risk Management process and their 
linkages to ESG topics. In addition, Eaton conducted 
a benchmark analysis of some of our critical external 
stakeholders: global frameworks, disclosure 
standards, reporting frameworks, associations and 
ESG raters and rankers. 

Analysis: We quantitatively analyzed external 
ESG frameworks, surveys, ratings and association 
standards to understand external views on materiality 
as they apply to Eaton. Our ESG Materiality Taskforce 
guided and advised the analysis process. Members 
of the taskforce include representatives from 
sustainability, Environmental Health and Safety 
(EHS), finance, legal, and our Electrical and Industrial 
sectors. The primary tasks of this group were to:

  Define stakeholders and review and refine   
    interview and survey protocols

  Provide input on weighting stakeholder responses

  Conduct interviews and document responses

  Review analysis, initial findings and 

leadership presentation 

The taskforce surveyed suppliers and employees and 
interviewed customers and Eaton leaders across the 
broad range of GRI topics to understand what these 
stakeholder groups view as impactful to the world or 

significant to Eaton. Interviewees were also asked to 
provide qualitative input on how Eaton’s business 
strategy might impact the environment and society 
in the future. Investor interviews and discussion 
topics were reviewed and ESG topics of interest 
were quantitatively analyzed across the GRI topic 
areas. Eaton’s senior leaders validated these 
findings, which were shared with our Board of 
Directors for input  and approval. The information 
contained in this report, including but not limited to 
any facts or forwarding-looking statements, should 
not be interpreted as a decision by Eaton that such 
information is “material” information as that term 
is used or understood in filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission or as that term is 
defined by the Supreme Court in TSC Industries v. 
Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976).

Establishment of significant topics: Based on the 
analysis process above, the ESG taskforce created 
a list of priority ESG topics to form the basis of 
Eaton’s GRI reporting boundary. Eaton may report 
on additional topics not identified, but these topics 
are deemed to be the most important of which to 
disclose our management approach and impact. 
Together, these topics are expected to reflect Eaton’s 
significant economic, environmental and/or social 
impacts and to enable our stakeholders to assess 
our company. 

For each material topic, GRI recommends providing 
an explanation of why the topic is material and the 
boundary for the material topic, which includes 
a description of where the impacts occur; the 
organization’s involvement with the impacts; and 
any specific limitation regarding the topic boundary.

1The GRI Standard for materiality differs from the materiality standard we use in our 10-k reporting. 

20

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Internal, downstream

Business ethics

Ensuring education and policies are in place to promote  
ethical behavior, as well as the means to safely and 
anonymously report suspected misconduct; includes 
management and policies to help prevent corruption, bribery 
and anti-competitive behaviors.

Upstream, internal

Responsible consumption of energy, increasing use of 
renewables and alternative fuels.

Upstream, internal, 
downstream

Occupational health  
and safety

Providing safe working conditions and access to resources to 
maintain and improve workers’ physical and emotional well-being.

Internal

Our priority ESG topics

Consistent with GRI materiality guidelines

Priority ESG topics

Definition

Impact boundary

Engaging our employees

Inclusion and diversity

Employing a diverse workforce—in a range of age, 
ethnicity, physical abilities, religion, gender, sexual 
orientation, or other character attributes—and working 
to build a culture of inclusion around these different 
perspectives; this also includes eliminating discrimination.

Internal

Reducing our footprint

Climate action, greenhouse 
gas emissions

Taking steps to minimize the contribution of our 
operational footprint to global climate change; the impact 
of responding and adapting to climate change on our 
business strategy and growth. 

Energy

Materials

Waste

Water

Demonstrating good stewardship of the materials included 
in our packaging and products, including management of 
chemicals and recycled content.

Upstream, internal, 
downstream

Managing and minimizing our waste footprint through 
efficiencies, recycling and reuse; this also includes 
reduction and responsible handling of hazardous waste 
and e-waste.

Internal

Using our water resources wisely, through reducing 
consumption, making efficiency gains, increasing water 
recycling and remediating water sources when necessary.

Internal

Positive impact solutions

Positive impact products

Developing solutions-oriented products that provide 
environmental, health or social benefit; examples 
of these products could include electrification, 
digitalization and energy transition, water efficiency 
and grid resilience solutions.

Internal, downstream

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Product innovation

Researching and developing new products for Eaton and 
successfully integrating technological advancements to grow 
the productivity and value of the company.

Internal, downstream

Product lifecycle

Assessing and reducing the impact of a product from  
material sourcing through disposal; creating products that are 
conceived in alignment with Design for the Environmental 
principles (Includes Environmental Product Declarations).

Internal, downstream

Doing business right and transparency

Information security and 
customer privacy

Human rights and labor

Protecting data from potential negative incidents, using 
customer information only for its original intended purpose 
(unless explicitly agreed otherwise), and ensuring the privacy 
and security of employees, customers and suppliers by 
protecting information systems from unintended or  
unauthorized access.

Respecting human dignity by providing a fair, living wage, 
promoting indigenous people's rights, and eliminating the use 
of underage and forced labor throughout Eaton's value chain, 
promoting fair labor practices and respecting workers’ freedom 
of association and right to collective bargaining.

Internal, downstream

Upstream, internal

Supplier social assessment 

Management of supply chain impacts to human rights 
and communities.

Supplier environmental 
impacts

The upstream environmental footprint from our suppliers’  
waste, water and energy consumption.

Procurement practices

Includes spending on local suppliers, small and medium 
enterprises, female and minority-owned enterprises.

Upstream

Upstream

Upstream

21

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Governance–Disclosures

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Role of the Board

from year to year, depending upon the composition 
of the Board at that time. 

Eaton’s Board of Directors oversees Eaton’s 
business strategy. Our Board works with 
management to consider specific issues relevant 
to the overall conduct of our businesses, including 
strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, 
safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, 
acquisitions and other strategic alliances. Our Board 
and company are focused on meeting the needs of 
all our stakeholders—our employees, customers, 
suppliers, communities and shareholders. Eaton’s 
enduring commitment to inclusion and diversity is 
exemplified in the composition of our Board. Our 
Board recognizes the value of nominating director 
candidates who bring diverse opinions, perspectives, 
skills, experiences and backgrounds to Board 
deliberations. As of December 31, 2022, our Board 
was comprised of 11 members, and as a result of 
the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, 
the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially/
ethnically diverse.

Board qualifications

In order for a director candidate to be recommended 
by our Governance Committee, a candidate must 
have the following minimum qualifications: personal 
ability, integrity, relevant business background, 
independence, experience, expertise in areas 
of importance to our objectives, and sensitivity 
to our corporate responsibilities. In addition, our 
Governance Committee looks for individuals 
with specific qualifications so that the Board has 
diversity in experience, international perspective, 
background, expertise, skills, age, gender and 
ethnicity. These specific qualifications may vary 

Board oversight 

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, 
has responsibility for the oversight of risk 
management, while our management is responsible 
for the day-to-day management of the material risks 
facing Eaton. Our Board has chosen to retain overall 
responsibility for risk assessment and oversight at 
the Board level in light of the interrelated nature 
of the elements of risk, rather than delegating this 
responsibility to a Board committee. The Board is also
responsible for oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk
Management program, which identifies, assesses
and mitigates our “top risks,” including climate-
related and other ESG risks (detailed on page 24). 
As noted above, our Board has ultimate oversight 
of our risk management and Eaton’s strategic 
direction, both of which drive our efforts related to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. 
The Board’s oversight of ESG includes review 
of environmental, community affairs, corporate 
governance, health and safety, diversity and 
inclusion, culture and human capital management 
matters. Our Board regularly considers ESG issues 
at full Board and committee meetings. In addition, 
at Eaton’s annual strategy sessions, our Board 
regularly conducts a detailed review of Eaton’s 
sustainability strategy with management. The Board 
has the following committees, which meet regularly 
throughout the year: Audit; Compensation and 
Organization; Finance; Governance; and Innovation 
and Technology. As part of the Board’s ultimate 
oversight of Eaton’s ESG strategy, the Board, 
through its committees, considers specific risks 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

KPI2

CEO Duality (y/n)

% Women Directors

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Y

25%

Y

Y

Y

Y

33.3%

33.3%

33.3%

36.4%

% Independent Directors 

83.3%

83.3%

83.3%

92%

90.9%

Total women directors

Count of total board meetings

3

5

4

4

4

5

4

5

4

4

Average age of Board  of Directors

64.4

63.1

63.4

62.7

63.4

Figure 1: Board of Directors metrics 2As reported in Eaton’s Annual Proxy Statements.

and opportunities, including climate-related risks 
and opportunities, that fall within certain of the 
committees’ areas of responsibility. 

At each Board meeting, the committee chairs provide 
updates to our full Board on the activities of their 
respective committees.

Audit Committee: The Audit Committee reviews 
Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the 
steps management has taken to monitor and 
control such exposures, including any related to the 
environment and climate, and ESG matters generally. 
The committee is also responsible for reviewing and 
approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for 
specific ESG-related public disclosures.

 Compensation and Organization Committee: 
The Compensation and Organization Committee is 
responsible for reviewing relevant matters related 
to the social pillar of ESG, which may include 
matters such as employee engagement, culture, 

training and development, inclusion and diversity 
and pay equity. The committee is also primarily 
responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, 
succession planning and compensation matters, 
and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor 
into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance Committee: The Governance 
Committee is responsible for considering 
relevant matters related to the environmental 
and governance pillars of ESG, as determined by 
the committee from time to time. Eaton’s chief 
legal officer regularly provides updates to the 
committee on corporate governance and related 
matters. Eaton’s chief sustainability officer briefs 
the committee on environmental, health and 
safety matters. Eaton’s vice president, Public 
Affairs provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs. 
Finally, Eaton’s senior vice president, Ethics and 
Compliance meets with the committee at each 
of its meetings to provide updates on ethics and 
compliance matters.

22

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Governance–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

SENIOR LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE 

MANAGEMENT OF ESG ISSUES

 With the support and oversight of the Board, 
strategic, financial, operational, legal and compliance 
risks and opportunities are continually assessed at 
management level by Eaton’s Senior Leadership 
Committee (SLC), which is the most senior management 
committee within the organization. The SLC meets 
at least quarterly. The SLC participates in Eaton’s 
Enterprise Risk Management process, which is our 
enterprise-wide risk management framework. Within 
this framework, risks that could significantly impact 
Eaton are evaluated, including risks related to climate 
change. Those identified as top risks—risks that could 
significantly impact Eaton’s financial condition or results 
of operations—are actively managed by clearly identified 
owners, including members of the SLC.

Eaton’s Sustainability Executive Council is chaired 
by our chairman and chief executive officer, 
and also includes our chief operating officers, 
chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief 
human resources officer, chief technology officer, 
executive vice president and chief supply chain 
officer, senior vice president, Investor Relations, 
and chief sustainability officer and executive 
vice president, Eaton Business System. The 
Sustainability Executive Council is responsible for 
developing our ESG and sustainability strategy  
and initiatives (Figure 2).

Incentives for management of ESG and climate-
related issues

We have a variety of incentives from compensation 
to recognition for climate-related performance. 

Sustainability Executive Council

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Doing business right 
& transparency

Executive Vice President and  
Chief Legal Officer

Executive Vice President,
Supply Chain Management

Investor relations  
& engagement

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations

Figure 2: Sustainability Executive Committee chart

Eaton Board of Directors

Products & footprints

President and Chief Operating 
Officer, Industrial Sector

President and Chief Operating 
Officer, Electrical Sector

Executive Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer

Executive Vice President and
Chief Technology Officer 

Employee engagement 
& Community Affairs

Executive Vice President and  
Chief Human Resources Officer

Business systems &  
supporting processes

Chief Sustainability Officer and Executive 
Vice President, Eaton Business System

We assess progress to goals through our 
performance management system, which enables 
us to evaluate each leader and employee against 
established goals and conformance to company 
values. Meeting and exceeding our sustainability 
goals is essential to our overall business success. 
To encourage progress across our business, we 
provide incentives for achieving high performance. 

Our corporate executives are rated against 
performance metrics which include aggressive 
annual greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets. 
We leverage these performance evaluations to 
make compensation and other financial incentive 
decisions for executive leaders. Our 2022 GHG target 
was aligned with our science-based greenhouse 
gas reduction target annual linear reduction rate. 
All employees participate in our performance 
management system. Top level goals are set by our 
chairman and CEO and are cascaded down through 
the organization. 

BUSINESS ETHICS

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply 
rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our 
culture. We nurture the right values and make clear what 
we mean by acting with integrity. By continuing to meet 
the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect 
an important part of what makes us uniquely successful 
in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees. Our 
commitment to doing business right begins at the highest 
levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day 
through the actions of our employees. 

We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the 
center of the business. Our philosophy is based on the 
premise that “we all own ethics.” This means we believe 

everyone at our company plays a role in creating and 
sustaining an ethical culture. We expect all employees to 
do the right thing every time. 

 Management role and board oversight

The Ethics and Compliance team is led by the 
senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance, whose 
appointment must be reviewed and approved by the 
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. 
The Ethics and Compliance team consists of 
experienced lawyers and other professionals around 
the globe. To ensure the highest level of visibility and 
independence, the Governance Committee provides 
oversight of the Ethics and Compliance program, 
with the active, visible and consistent support of 
Eaton’s senior management.

 A strong foundation: our Code of Ethics is the 
foundation of our commitment to doing business 
right. The Code of Ethics consists of fundamental 
principles of ethical behavior. Our employees, officers 
and directors all have the personal responsibility to 
read, know and comply with these principles in the 
performance of their duties.

  Obeying the law: We respect and obey  

the laws, rules and regulations applying to our   
businesses around the world.

    Maintaining integrity of recording and  

reporting our financial results: We properly 
maintain accurate and complete financial and 
other business records, and communicate 
full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable 
financial results and other priority information. 
We have developed a system of internal controls 
designed to preserve the integrity of our records 
and information.

23

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Governance–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

    Respecting human rights: We respect human 
rights and require our suppliers to do the same. 

    Delivering quality: We are committed to 
producing quality products and providing 
quality services. 

    Competing ethically: We gain competitive 

advantage through superior performance. We do 
not engage in unethical or illegal trade practices. 

    Respecting diversity and fair employment 
practices: We are committed to respecting a 
culturally diverse workforce through practices that 
provide equal access and fair treatment 
to all employees on the basis of merit. We do 
not tolerate harassment or discrimination in 
the workplace. 

  Avoiding conflicts of interest: We avoid 

relationships or conduct that might compromise 
judgment or create actual or apparent conflicts 
between our personal interests and our loyalty to 
Eaton. We do not use our position with Eaton to 
obtain improper benefits for others or ourselves. 
We do not engage in activities or enter into 
relationships that compete with Eaton. 

    Protecting assets and information: We use 
Eaton property, information and opportunities 
for Eaton’s business purposes and not for 
unauthorized use. We properly maintain the 
confidentiality of information and employee data 
entrusted to us by Eaton or others. 

  Acting with integrity: We do not offer or 

accept bribes, kickbacks or inappropriate gifts or 
entertainment. We engage in business practices 
that are consistent with our ethics and values. 

  Selling to governments: We comply with the 
special laws, rules and regulations that relate 
to government contracts and relationships with 
government personnel. 

  Making political contributions: We prohibit 
political involvement on behalf of Eaton to 
political candidates or parties, even where lawful. 

    Managing environment, health and safety:
We are committed to being a global leader 
in safeguarding the health and safety of our 
employees and protecting the environment.

 Annually, targeted employees are asked to affirm 
that they have read, understand and will comply with 
the principles in Eaton’s Code of Ethics. In addition, 
managers of people are also asked to certify that their 
direct reports received at least one hour of live ethics 
training annually. Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct 
requires that suppliers comply with all anti-corruption 
laws and prohibits suppliers from engaging in any 
form of bribery or corruption. Eaton suppliers must 
affirm their commitment to Eaton’s Code of Ethics 
and Supplier Code of Conduct. Third-party distributors 
and sales agents must also confirm their adherence  
to Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct and Anti- 
corruption Policy.  

Speaking up: Ethics Help Line

Employees who have concerns or questions 
about ethics and compliance are encouraged 
to speak up. Managers and other leaders are 
encouraged to listen up by encouraging the reporting 
of questions and concerns. They—along with 
the Ethics and Compliance team—follow up by 
responding to employees’ questions and concerns 
and taking necessary actions. 

Eaton’s Ethics Help Line is an independent, 
anonymous whistleblower hotline with legal protection 
and a dedicated resource for employees and any other 
person (including customers and suppliers) to ask 
a question, raise a concern, or report questionable 
conduct or business practices. Representatives are 
available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and are available 
in multiple languages. Interpretation services are 
provided when needed. Eaton promotes transparency 
and accountability in handling ethics and compliance 
matters. Matters reported to the Help Line or directly 
to Eaton’s Ethics and Compliance team are monitored, 
tracked, and reported to Eaton’s relevant leadership 
teams and Board committees.

In addition to the Help Line, employees are 
encouraged to ask questions and report concerns to 
their managers or Human Resources. At a reporter’s 
election and subject to local law, reporting may be 
done anonymously. Eaton has a strict non-retaliation 
policy protecting employees who make good faith 
reports of ethics and compliance concerns.

Allegations of misconduct or questionable practices, 
regardless of source, are investigated as appropriate 
and confidentiality is maintained to the fullest extent 
possible. Appropriate corrective actions are part of 
Eaton’s standard investigation process. Depending 
on the outcome of an investigation, corrective 
actions may include employment action, additional 
training and modifications to processes or policies, 
among others. Corrective-action decisions are taken 
collaboratively, often with Ethics and Compliance, 
Human Resources, legal counsel and managers 
providing input. Investigations also include root-cause 
analysis, and lessons learned from key investigations 
are periodically shared across the organization. 

In 2022, 1,641 matters were reported through the Help 
Line. This translates to 1.8 per 100 employees, which is 
above the 2022 Navex benchmark of 1.37 matters/100 
employees. Forty-one percent of matters were reported 
anonymously, which is below the Navex benchmark of 
45%. Forty-seven percent of matters investigated and 
closed as of 12/31/2022 were substantiated.

Managing key risks

Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
program is the company’s framework to ensure 
that enterprise-wide, event-based key risks 
are identified, assessed and mitigated. Eaton’s 
ERM process requires a broad understanding of 
internal and external factors that can impact the 
company’s objectives and the ability to adapt to an 
evolving risk landscape. Eaton leaders around the 
world participate in the annual risk assessment 
process, providing input and perspective into key 
operational, strategic, financial and compliance 
risks. These risks are assessed based on two 
primary dimensions: overall impact to the company 
and probability of occurrence. Key risks are 
reviewed at least annually with senior leadership 
and the Board of Directors. A senior leader is 
assigned to each key risk and is responsible for 
overseeing and reporting on mitigation plans. Each 
quarter the Board of Directors receives an update 
on the status of key risks and mitigation actions. 

We periodically conduct anti-corruption “deep dive” 
assessments of Eaton businesses based on a variety 
of factors that could indicate heightened risk. The 
results of the deep dive risk assessments inform 
training strategy and other mitigation actions.

24

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
Governance–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Managing our third parties: Conducting 
appropriate diligence on third parties is a core 
element of Eaton’s anti-corruption strategy. Eaton 
maintains a risk-based due diligence program to 
screen certain third parties, including sales agents, 
distributors, suppliers and others acting on  
Eaton's behalf. 

Before contracting with certain third parties, a 
background screening is conducted to identify 
potential risks, including those related to corruption. 
In the event that a “red flag” is identified, further 
escalation and review takes place. Eaton monitors 
its third-party relationships on an ongoing basis for 
potential issues that may violate our Code of Ethics 
or Supplier Code of Conduct.

Setting expectations–anti-corruption policies 

Our Anti-corruption and Gift and Entertainment 
policies are also core components of our overall 
anti-corruption strategy. These policies are publicly 
available in multiple languages.

Eaton’s Anti-corruption Policy strictly prohibits bribes, 
kickbacks or other corrupt payments as well
as facilitation payments. The policy applies to all 
employees, contingent workers, officers and directors 
of Eaton and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as 
Eaton’s third-party representatives and other business 
partners. The policy requires that Eaton, its third-party 
representatives and other business partners comply 
with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the 
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act 
and similar laws. Eaton’s prohibition of bribery is also a 
principle within our Code of Ethics. 

Eaton’s Gift and Entertainment Policy prohibits 
lavish or inappropriate gifts, entertainment or travel 
and requires disclosure of gifts, entertainment 
and travel that meet certain thresholds. The policy 
also applies to all employees, contingent workers, 
officers and directors of Eaton and its subsidiaries 
and affiliates, and also to Eaton’s third-party 
representatives and other business partners. 

 Business ethics training and awareness

Eaton reinforces its ethical culture and 
commitment to compliance through a 
comprehensive training program. The risk-based 
program delivers learning through live and online 
training as well as ongoing communications and 
outreach to employees. Lessons learned based 
on internal and external matters are central to 
our approach and are shared transparently in 
the form of real-life scenarios, case studies and 
communications, including through our annual 
Integrity Report to employees. 

The online annual training curriculum is aligned 
with Eaton’s ERM program and targeted to specific 
employees based on their roles and responsibilities 
within the organization. The curriculum is designed 
to provide practical guidance on Eaton’s principles 
and policies and mandatory instruction on topics 
such as anti-corruption, cybersecurity, quality, 
global trade management, anti-harassment, conflict 
minerals, human rights and forced labor and other 
key legal and regulatory areas.  We also conduct 
live training on anti-corruption and share lessons 
learned, whether they arise from internal matters 
or external events.  Anti-corruption-related issues 
are also discussed during employee training as 

part of Eaton’s required annual manager-led ethics 
training and during ethics and compliance updates 
with business leaders and teams. 

Measuring effectivenes

We continually measure the impact and 
effectiveness of our ethics and compliance program 
through a variety of data and metrics, leader feedback, 
benchmarking, employee surveys and external 
assessments. In 2022, we commissioned an external 
review to assess our Ethics and Compliance program 
against leading regulatory standards and practices and 
identify opportunities to enhance effectiveness.
Our Internal Audit team routinely includes ethics 
and compliance topics within the scope of its audits. 

In 2022, 42% of audits included anti-corruption 
test steps. Internal Audit also monitors business 
expenses for irregularities and audits Eaton’s Gift 
Registry, the disclosure tool required for gifts and 
travel that meet certain thresholds.

Targets: 

    100% of employees have access to the Code 

of Ethics in multiple different languages.  

    100% of employees have access to the 

anonymous Help Line. 

    Share our gender and U.S. Minority pay 

equity results.

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Executive director with responsibility for CSR (y/n)

Executive compensation linked to ESG (y/n)

Disclose pay equity results (Y/N)

Business ethics policy (Y/N)

Y

Y

–

Y

Y

Y

–

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Whistleblower hotline ethics reports

1,888

1,821

1,304

1,187

1,641

% of matters investigated and substantiated

Ethics matters per 100 employees

% of ethics matters reported anonymously

Anti-bribery ethics policy (Y/N)

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with bribery and corruption

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior 
regulations

Figure 3: Business ethics metrics

45%

1.9

53%

Y

–

–

49%

1.8

40%

Y

41%

1.4

43%

Y

46%

1.4

39%

Y

47%

1.8

41%

Y

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

No material 
losses

25

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Environment–Disclosures

ENVIRONMENT 

 Management and oversight

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice 
president, Eaton Business System (EBS),  
is a member of Eaton's Senior Leadership 
Committee (SLC), and reports climate-related and 
environmental issues including waste reduction, 
hazardous materials management, water usage and 
energy, on a quarterly basis. The SLC is the highest-
level non-Board committee, and its members report 
directly to the Board of Directors on major corporate 
and business issues.    

 Strategic approach

Results on material1 risks, including climate 
change issues and other environmental topics, 
are reported to the Board of Directors on an 
annual basis or more frequently depending on 
circumstances, and other risks are reported as 
scheduled. In the case of climate change, all 
aspects are included in the twice-yearly report-out 
to the Board by the CSO and EVP, EBS. 

Eaton is committed to minimizing the 
environmental impact of our operations 
and products wherever we do business and to 
continuously improve our Environmental, Health and 
Safety (EHS) performance. It is the responsibility of 
every employee to meet this EHS policy. 

To that end, Eaton applies a standard group of  
practices worldwide for energy and water 
consumption, waste generation and other 
environmental impacts. 

Eaton is guided by MESH (Management of 
Environment, Safety, Security and Health), a globally 
deployed, unified system which consolidates existing 
programs into one integrated management system. 
All Eaton facilities worldwide work toward consistent 
goals, applying the same metrics, setting targets 
for improvement and identifying and sharing best 
practices. Most importantly, MESH elevates EHS from 
a series of isolated activities to a responsibility shared 
by all Eaton employees. MESH is also designed to 
conform with international standards such as ISO 
14001 and OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001.

How we assess and monitor progress 

Functional leaders in partnership with the 
businesses develop risk mitigation plans that are 
integrated into Eaton’s strategic planning and profit 
planning processes. Greenhouse gas, water, waste 
and energy reduction targets are established both 
annually and long-term. These environmental targets 
are approved by the Chairman and CEO. 

Greenhouse gas emissions, water use and waste 
metrics are reported quarterly to the businesses, 
senior leadership and the Board. Eaton continually 
seeks to learn from and to replicate practices that 
increase efficiency and help incorporate renewable 
energy into our operations. 

 Through our Eaton Business System, we have 
procedures for continuous improvement and sharing 
best practices across the enterprise. We align our 
greenhouse gas accounting methodology with the 
GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our practices are 
aligned with global standards. Our businesses report on 
environmental performance to the CEO annually during 
Environmental Operations Reviews.

CLIMATE AND ENERGY

In support of our mission to improve the quality of life 
and environment, we are part of the global movement to 
limit the increase of the world’s temperature to 1.5°C by 
committing to science-based targets. 

A science-based target is an objective, scientific 
evaluation of what is needed for global greenhouse gas 
emissions reduction to limit catastrophic climate change. 
Our Management of Environmental Health and Safety 
(MESH) Policy includes our policy for environmental 
topics including energy use, the primary driver of our 
operational greenhouse gas emissions. We undertake 
the following management activities to implement our 
climate transition plan:

    Implement energy-efficient solutions in our operations, 
optimizing renewable energy generation and purchases, 
greening our energy contracts and, in the future, 
purchasing carbon offsets where necessary.

    Regular meetings of a chartered executive 

sustainability council chaired by our CEO to provide 
oversight and enhance accountability and alignment 
on our sustainability strategy.

    Invest in sustainable research and development 
targeted at creating sustainable solutions for our 
customers that reduce our value chain emissions.

    Increase renewable energy use and electrification of 

scope one sources. 

Key actions

Energy efficiency: In 2022, Eaton completed 
ASHRAE Level 2 Energy Audits at 40 major 
manufacturing locations to create an updated 
strategic capital investment program focused on 
energy efficiency. Reducing energy consumption and 

1 The GRI Standard for materiality differs from the materiality standard we use in our 10-k reporting.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions through energy efficiency 
is a key action area in Eaton’s carbon reduction 
roadmap. Eaton implemented 103 energy efficiency-
related capital projects at our manufacturing sites to 
reduce energy consumption and greenhouse  
gas emissions.

Renewable energy: Eaton continued to pursue 
multiple strategies for increasing renewable energy 
including an off-site utility scale renewable Virtual 
Power Purchase Agreement in North America. Eaton 
also installed new on-site renewable energy at three 
additional sites in 2022, bringing Eaton’s total number 
of solar installations to 22 with an annual on-site 
renewable energy production capacity of 11,170 
MWh. This represents about a 7,773 MT reduction in 
Eaton’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. 

Eaton also formalized a green building 
requirement for new construction and major 
renovations. The certification requires building  
to LEED Gold standards with mandatory criteria 
based on:

    Results-driven standards and payback,  

where applicable.

    Alignment with our 2030 sustainability targets.

    Coordination with MESH policy.

    Relevance to our operations. 

Supplier engagement: Eaton has been engaging 
with key suppliers through CDP since 2007. During 
our 2021 supplier engagement, we shifted our 
strategic focus to assessing the climate action 
maturity of our supplier base. These insights 
enable us to better help our suppliers improve their 

26

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
Environment–Disclosures

capability to take climate action and to identify 
additional areas of opportunity for collaboration.
Using a data-driven approach, we hosted several 
supplier webinars on the quantitative and qualitative 
aspects of climate action including how to get 
started with a GHG inventory, risk analyses and 
target setting. We followed up with technical support 
as needed and provided additional improvement 
guides at the end of the disclosure cycle.

Targets and metrics: By 2030, our goals are 
to achieve a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas 
emissions (our 1.5°C aligned science-based 
target) from operations and reach carbon neutral 
operations. To discover and design the solutions 
that enable our customers to conserve resources 
and make smart energy decisions, we have 
committed to spending $3 billion in research and 
development by 2030. We are working with our 
suppliers and customers to meet our science-
based target for a 15% reduction in indirect Scope 
3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.

27% reduction in emissions from 2018 to 2022

800,000

600,000

400,000 

200,000

––

e
2
O
C
s
n
o
 T
c
i
r
t
e
M

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Scope 1

Scope 2 market based

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Scope 1 
greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3 
greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3 - (Upstream) 
greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3 - (Downstream) 
greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Greenhouse gas emissions (metric tons) 
per $ Million Sales

Approved science based target (y/n)

Emissions reduction initiatives (y/n)

Climate change opportunities discussed (y/n)

Risks of climate change discussed (y/n)

CDP disclosure

284,825

272,224

233,271

239,521

215,653

700,727

587,449

496,215

503,942

504,642

172,338,809

164,838,165

140,956,167

146,979,424

132,597,720

5,818,961

5,325,287

4,176,857

4,648,747

5,528,182

166,519,848

159,512,878

136,779,310

142,330,677

127,069,538

52

N

Y

Y

Y

Y

45

N

Y

Y

Y

Y

46

41

35

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Total energy consumed (Gj)3

9,597,655

9,147,594

7,907,269

8,491,146

8,558,666

Percentage grid electricity 

53.6%

49.2%

49.7%

49.3%

48.3%

Percentage renewable electricity

7.8%

15.0%

15.8%

15.5%

16.9%

Renewable electricity (Gj)

439,701

799,729

741,292

771,112

842,791

Energy efficiency policy (y/n)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

% Suppliers by spend included in annual  
climate disclosure and collaboration campaign

21%

21%

14%

32%

50%

Figure 4: Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions

Figure 5: Climate and Energy KPIs  Manufacturing3 operations only.

27

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
Environment–Disclosures

WATER 

Key actions

As global demand for water grows, we continue 
to reduce our water consumption and implement 
responsible water practices. Our processes are not 
particularly water intensive, but water is critical to 
many of our operations. And as water stress becomes 
more pronounced in some areas in which we operate, 
this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

Eaton uses the MESH management system to 
manage its stewardship of water resources. The water 
management and conservation element establishes 
internal standards that require compliance with all 
regulatory requirements and minimization of any 
impact of water releases to the community and the 
environment where the plant operates. The storm 
water management element establishes management 
procedures to minimize stormwater being exposed 
to industrial activities. 

In 2021, Eaton implemented its zero water  
discharge program, which is an internal certification 
for manufacturing sites. Eaton defines zero water 
discharge as consistently achieving an industrial 
wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less. Certified sites 
must manage industrial wastewater (i.e., discharges 
from cooling towers, wash tanks, mop and floor 
scrubber wastewaters, air-conditioning condensate, 
blowdowns from compressors and boilers, laboratory 
and maintenance wash sinks, reject water from reverse 
osmosis systems used to treat water prior to using in 
industrial processes, etc.) in a beneficial manner so 
that all water is recycled and reused.

A key focus of our efforts to reduce our environmental 
footprint is decreasing our water use. By 2030, we 
aim to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as 
zero water discharge sites. We are on track to 
meet our target with 8% of our manufacturing 
sites having achieved zero water discharge. 
Additionally, we've reduced our global water usage 
by 15% since 2018. We achieve our zero water 
initiatives by redesigning our industrial processes 
to reduce, reuse and recycle process water. We 
use third-party verification to ensure the quality 
of our program. 

In 2022, Eaton continued to focus on water 
reduction and recycling, especially at our sites in 
regions ranked as high baseline water stress by 
World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk 
Atlas. This year, Eaton certified nine sites zero 
water discharge including sites in India, China, 
Mexico and Morocco.

Targets and metrics: Our primary water target is 
to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero 
water discharge by 2030. Additionally, Eaton has an 
annual water use reduction target of 2%.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Water use in manufacturing down 15% since 2018

s
r
e
t
i
l
a
g
e
M

4000

3500

3000

2500

2000

1500

1000

500

0

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 6: Annual total water withdrawals in megaliters

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Surface water withdrawal from rivers, lakes, 
natural ponds (megaliters)

86

84

82

116

Groundwater withdrawals from wells,  
boreholes (megaliters)

Municipal potable water withdrawals  
(megaliters)

675

697

578

615

2,706

2,521

2,167

2,214

2,198

116

614

Rainwater reuse (megaliters)

4

6

3

7

7

Total water withdrawal (megaliters)

3,472

3,309

2,830

2,952

2,935

Percent of water withdrawn from areas with 
water stress

NA

17%

19%

30%

30%

Figure 7: Water KPIs

28

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Environment–Disclosures

WASTE AND CIRCULARITY 

We focus our waste reduction efforts on diverting waste 
from the landfill in order to reduce our environmental 
footprint, conserve valuable operational resources and 
help the communities that we serve.

Eaton’s MESH Waste element establishes the 
characterization and management of wastes or byproducts 
which are either disposed or recycled, including the 
disposal or reuse of manufacturing equipment at Eaton’s 
facilities. In addition, waste management must include 
waste-minimization goals to reduce waste generation,  
thus minimizing a site’s waste disposal footprint.

Key actions 

We are working to reduce waste across our entire 
value chain by focusing on packaging, product 
materials, our own operations and managing end-of-
life solutions. 

A key focus of our footprint reduction is reducing 
waste. By 2030, we aim to achieve zero waste-
to-landfill status at 100% of our manufacturing 
facilities. We are on track to meet our target with 
75% of our manufacturing sites having achieved 
zero waste-to-landfill (ZWTL) status1. Currently 95% 
of manufacturing waste is diverted from landfill. We 
achieve our ZWTL initiatives by reuse, recycling, 
composting and incineration for energy generation. 
We use third-party verification to ensure the quality 
of our program. 

In our operations, we focused this year on solutions 
for difficult waste streams to continue toward 
zero waste by partnering for innovation. For our 
customers, Eaton operates several types of programs 
that advance circularity including remanufacturing, 
refurbishment, repair, product take-back and other 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Landfilled waste has decreased 55% since 2018 (metric tons)

20,251

19,074

14,747

11,527

9,063

s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
m

25,000

20,000

15,000

10,000

5,000

0

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 9: Annual waste sent to landfill or incineration without energy recovery in metric tons

KPI5

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total waste generated, including hazardous waste (metric tons)

170,904

193,402

166,144

183,120

185,360

Amount of hazardous waste generated6 (metric tons)

3,326

4,186

4,946

6,612

5,383

Amount of non-hazardous waste (metric tons)

167,578

189,216

161,198

176,508

179,976

% Recycled

88%

90%

91%

94%

95%

Total waste recycled7 (metric tons)

150,653

174,328

151,387

171,593

176,296 

Total waste landfilled (metric tons)

20,251

19,074

14,757

11,527

9,063

Percentage of hazardous materials recycled

56%

67%

72%

74%

60%

Waste reduction policy (y/n)

Number of reportable spills

Aggregate quantity of reportable spills, quantity recovered (kg)

Y

0

0

Y

0

0

Y

0

0

Y

0

0

Y

0

0

l
l

fi
d
n
a

l

a
m
o
r
f
d
e
t
r
e
v
d
t
n
e
c
r
e
P

i

96

94

92

90

88

86

84

Percent waste diversion4

94%

95%

90%

91%

88%

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 8: Waste KPIs. 5 Waste data is for manufacturing operations. 6 U.S. Federal RCRA definition of hazardous waste. 7 Recycled means reused, recycled or incinerated with energy recovery.

Figure 10: Annual percentage of waste diverted from landfill. 4 Waste diversion from landfill includes recycling, reusing, or incinerating with energy recovery.

[1] UL Research Institutes Zero Waste Classification standard, UL 2799A, requires each facility of an organization to prove at least 90% diversion through methods other than waste to energy for
that facility to achieve Zero Waste to Landfill (ZWTL) silver designation. Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion, but has a different threshold for waste to energy.

29

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
Environment–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

extended producer responsibility programs. In 
addition, as Eaton continues to use its Positive Impact 
Framework, more solutions will be circular by design. 

Our remanufacturing business recovers end-of-life 
units (cores) from the market and returns them to 
like-new condition and performance.  

Our Electrical Sector power capacitor unit takeback 
and recycling program recycles nearly all the 
component material and has, to date, recycled more 
than 60,000 lbs. of material. This program is available
in the U.S. and includes site pick up, loading and 
recycling of any capacitor unit—regardless of age,
manufacturer or condition.

In our Vehicle Group, Eaton remanufactures 
thousands of transmissions, clutches and 
electronics each year. Our commitment to 
remanufacturing helps our customers save money 
and it maximizes the reuse of materials, saves 
energy and reduces emissions and waste.   

Targets and metrics: By 2030, we aim to certify 
100% of our manufacturing sites as zero waste 
to landfill. We define zero waste to landfill as 
consistently achieving a landfill waste diversion
rate of 98% or more through either reuse, 
composting, recycling or incineration with energy 
recovery—where the heat generated by incineration 
is collected and used. Each of Eaton’s zero waste 
sites are subjected to an audit process that 
includes verifying conformance to our definition and 
ensuring proper tracking and oversight practices are 
maintained. We also have an annual landfill waste 
reduction target of 2%.                    

Total waste generated in operations 2018-2022

s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
m

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

19,074

20,251

14,757

11,527

9,063

174,328

150,653

151,387

171,593

176,296

SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS 
Management and oversight

Product Development, R&D and Innovation 
is the primary responsibility of the executive 
vice president and chief technology officer. We have 
corporate research teams in the United States, 
China, India, Ireland and the Czech Republic. Our 
data science teams work to expand our digital 
platforms and capabilities. We collaborate with a 
robust ecosystem of partners that include academia, 
government agencies and research incubators.

Strategic approach 

PROLaunch is Eaton’s integrated processes 
designed to guide our program and project 
management processes, including product 
development from concept through production 
launch. These products include Eaton's wide variety 
of solutions that improve energy efficiency and 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Patents advancing Sustainable Development Goals

557

254

249

93

91

66

s
e
i
l
i

m
a
f

t
n
e
t
a
p
e
v

i
t
c
a
d
e
n
g

i
l

a

f
o
r
e
b
m
u
N

600

550

500

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 11: Annual total waste generated

Recycled or Reused

Landfilled

Figure 12: Eaton active patent families alignment with U.N. SDGs

SDG 09: Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure

SDG 03: Good Health and Well-Being

8Publicly available patent documents have an 18-month lag. The SDG 
patent alignment chart reflects active patent families in November 2021.

SDG 07: Affordable and Clean Energy

SDG 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities

SDG 13: Climate Action

SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and Production

30

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Environment–Disclosures

How we assess and monitor progress

We track revenue from Eaton’s portfolio of 
sustainable solutions that enable electrification, 
energy transition, electric grid resilience, increasing 
efficiency in ground and air transportation and 
improved air quality. Deemed clean tech by some 
stakeholders, these solutions align with the  
U.N. SDGs. 

We measure success by several KPIs, including 
sustainable R&D investments, percentage of New 
Product Innovation that meets the criteria of our 
Positive Impact Framework, the reduction of Scope 
3 embedded carbon and use-phase carbon in our 
solutions, how our solutions help our customers 
reduce their own emissions and how our solutions 
contribute overall to a low-carbon future. We also 

track how our patent families align with the U.N. 
SDGs. Progress on these KPIs is reported regularly 
to a Steering Committee and biannually to the 
Sustainability Executive Council.  

Key actions 

We continually take environmental concerns into 
account as a part of our product design process. The 
principal objective of Design for the Environment 
(DfE) is to reduce the overall impact of a product 
across its lifecycle: production, distribution, use and
end of life. We have designed and integrated our 
Positive Impact Framework into our new product 
innovation system. We are tracking the greenhouse 
gas reduction potential of new products with internal 
targets to continue to drive improvements in the 
sustainability of our portfolio of solutions.

Cumulative sustainable R&D investment

D
S
U
n
o

i
l
l
i

M

1000

800

600

400

200

0

2020

2021

2022

Figure 13: Annual sustainable R&D investment

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Innovation advancing UN Sustainable 
Development Goals: Eaton’s patent portfolio is 
advancing several U.N. SDGS (Figure 11). Using 
output from the LexisNexis PatentSight platform, 
Eaton has assessed the sustainability of our patents. 
In Eaton’s patent portfolio, 27% of the active patent 
families advance at least one SDG. Eighty percent 
of Eaton's patent families are aligned with Industry, 
Innovation and Infrastructure (SDG 9), Affordable 
and Clean Energy (SDG 7) and Climate Action (SDG 
13). The trend is increased alignment of Eaton’s 
active patent portfolio with the UN goals with a 
3% increase from 2014 to 2022. We expect our 
alignment to continue accelerating as evidenced in 
2020 and 2021, reflecting Eaton’s strategy. 

Targets and metrics 
Eaton has three primary product-related targets 
that are part of our long-term 2030 goals: 

    Invest $3 billion in sustainable research and 

development between 2020-2030.

    Reduce Scope 3 emissions 15% by 2030 relative 

to our 2018 baseline. Emissions from product 
use (Scope 3, category 11) represent more than 
95% of Eaton’s total Scope 3 emissions.

    75% of revenue from the sales of 

sustainable solutions

Scope 3 emissions | Category 11 and 12 | Product use and end of life

e
2
O
C
T
M

180,000,000

160,000,000

140,000,000

120,000,000

100,000,000

80,000,000

60,000,000

40,000,000

20,000,000

0

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Figure 14: Annual Scope 3 product-related emissions

31

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Social–Disclosures

INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY 
Management and oversight

Our Board Members jointly oversee all corporate 
activities and targets. Led by our CEO, the Global 
Inclusion Council (GIC) and four Regional Inclusion 
Councils (RICs) meet regularly to determine our 
strategy, objectives and initiatives.

Our Global Inclusion Council, made up of the 
Senior Leadership Committee members, leads our 
efforts by working with our four Regional Inclusion 
Councils. Regional Inclusion Councils are comprised 
of business leaders from each region who tailor 
their efforts to the region in which they work. 

Regional Inclusion Councils engage with and 
support the work of our Inclusion Eaton Resource 
Groups. Our vice president of Global Inclusion and 
Diversity, who reports to the chief human resources 
officer, leads a team that provides direction, 
expertise and coordination for all our inclusion and 
diversity efforts. This team engages with the Global 
Inclusion Council on a biannual basis and the Board 
of Directors on an annual basis. 

All leaders are responsible for ensuring their 
functions and organizations are inclusive and diverse 
and every employee is responsible for creating an 
inclusive environment. 

All leaders have access to global and regional inclusion 
and diversity tools to ensure their functions and 
organizations are inclusive and diverse. 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Strategic approach: 

How we assess and monitor progress

Eaton's Global Inclusion Council develops goals for 
inclusion and diversity. Regional Inclusion Councils 
are responsible for executing on global goals and 
setting regional goals for measuring progress on 
regional priorities. 

All leaders determine specific goals and targets for 
their function or organization, based on high-level 
priorities determined by the Senior Leadership 
Committee and Regional Inclusion Councils. These 
include action-based inclusion goals, which are part 
of the performance goals for leaders.

Inclusion ERGs provide enterprise-wide and site-
level support to attract, retain and develop talent 
in support of business goals. All Global Inclusion 
Council members are executive sponsors for an iERG.

To continuously improve our program, Regional 
Inclusion Councils and all leaders gather feedback 
on opportunities for improvement in creating a 
more inclusive culture. 

Successful initiatives developed by the iERGs or 
Regional Inclusion Councils may be escalated to 
the corporate-level Global Inclusion Council for 
consideration as a best practice to pilot in other 
areas or enterprise-wide.

The Global Inclusion Council meets biannually, 
and reviews the annual progress update from the 
Global Inclusion & Diversity team, which includes 
representation metrics, iERG metrics and other 
measures of progress, such as employee and  
exit surveys. 

Related policies 

Our policies that support inclusion and diversity include:

    Respecting Diversity and Fair Employment

Periodically, sector, business and Regional
Inclusion Councils present their accomplishments 
and progress to the Global Inclusion Council. 

    Harassment-free Workplace

    Transgender Guidelines

    Flexible Work Solutions 

    Inclusion and Diversity Policy 

Annually, the vice president of Inclusion and 
Diversity, who heads the global inclusion and 
diversity team and reports to a member of the 
Senior Leadership Committee, reports progress 
to the Board of Directors, including diversity 
representation, iERG participation and projects, 
and progress on inclusion and diversity initiatives 
and programs.

 Key actions 
We remain committed to putting diverse perspectives 
to work, today and in the years to come, to benefit all 
those we serve. This is not a new journey for us, and we 
know there is more work to do. 

We simplified our online tool for requesting 
flexible work and encouraged employees to decide 
what worked best for their roles with their managers. 
Employees who use our flexible work options continue 
to increase. By the end of 2022, the number of 
employees participating in a flexible work solutions 
program was 7,808, which is 9.5% of our global 
workforce. Flexible solutions, which were in place 
well before the global pandemic, include compressed 
work weeks, remote work, job sharing, part-time, 
flextime and telework. Telework, which is defined as 
working some days at an Eaton location and other 
days at a non-Eaton location, continues to be the most 
utilized solution, with more 58% of our employees 
who use a flexible work solution opting for it. Such 
inclusive programs improve the lives of our employees 
at work and at home and help us remain competitive 
in attracting and retaining the best talent. We now 
highlight flexible solutions on our careers website and 
in job postings.

32

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
Social–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Eaton’s focus on supporting and growing our 
Inclusion Eaton Resource Groups (iERGs) brings 
together employees who share a common purpose, 
interest or background. They identify priorities, build 
cultural competency, engage in business projects and 
get involved in talent initiatives. Members also provide 
feedback and ideas on how we can drive inclusion 
and diversity. 

Everyone at Eaton is encouraged to participate in an 
iERG, and anyone can join any number of them. Each 
group has at least three executive sponsors from our 
global leadership team who meet quarterly. 

In 2022, our iERGs grew 17% (or by one percentage 
point) from 11,600 members to more than 13,500. They 
also helped Eaton attract talent, with more than 25% of 
referrals for new hires coming from iERG members. This 
was up from 23% the year before. 

Additionally, nearly 800 iERG members served as talent 
scouts at recruitment events for campus recruiting. 
Internally, our members engaged employees on a global 
scale with nearly 125 learning events. Topics covered 
everything from career building to the importance of 
using personal pronouns in the workplace. Finally, our 
retention rate and career progression rate of iERG 
members were higher than non iERG members. 

    Since 2014, more than 8,000 leaders have completed 

Eaton global employment diversity

the Valuing Inclusion and Diversity at Eaton—The Power 
of Perspectives (VID) course. This experience is offered 
globally and targets leaders of people to increase 
awareness of personal biases, develop inclusive 
leadership skills and advance a culture of inclusion. 

    We also leverage DECIDE, the Neuroscience of 

Breaking Bias. This learning solution was piloted with 
500 participants in 2019 and has helped leaders identify 
and label five types of bias and develop behaviors to 
mitigate this in decision-making. The goal is to stop 
bias at its source and reinforce inclusive leadership 
behaviors. The four-week sprint format was so well 
received that in 2022, we offered an additional 500 
licenses across our sectors and business units to 
leaders who completed VID learning. 

Salary band level

Global total 

 Global women 

U.S. total

 U.S. minorities11 

Board of Directors

Global Leadership Team

Executives

Manager

11

25

618

4

5

36.4%

20.0%

9

23

140

22.7%

429

4

13

85

44.4%

56.5%

19.8%

8,202

1,998

24.4%

4,270

871

20.4%

All other employees

83,079

29,276

35.2%

22,702

8,248

36.3%

All employees

91,924

31,419

34.2%

27,424

9,217

33.6%

Figure 15: Eaton global employment diversity, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

By 2030, Eaton aims to:

Eaton global employment by age

    Maintain or exceed current representation of 
women and U.S. minorities on our Board of 
Directors and senior leadership team.

Salary band level

  Employees under 30

  Employees 30-50

Employees above 50 

    Increase representation of women in global 

Board of Directors

salaried9 roles to 40%.

    Increase representation of salaried10 U.S. 

minorities to 34%.

    Achieve an inclusion index score of 80% 

or higher.

Global Leadership Team

Executives

Manager

0

0

0

397

0.0%

0.0%

0.0%

4.8%

0

9

0.0

36.0%

11

16

100.0%

64.0%

358

57.9%

260

42.1%

5,049

61.6%

2,756

33.6%

14.5%

of all employees are in at least one iERG

16K

iERG-led learning hours tracked  
in Eaton University

9, 10 - Salaried defined as professional and above (formerly salary band 6 and higher).
11 - Ethnic minority is measured among U.S. employees, excluding our colleagues from Puerto Rico. Number should reflect the total number of employees that are a part of an 
ethnic minority (excludes "White (Not Hispanic or Latino)" and "Not Specified").

All other employees

19,615

23.6%

45,936

55.3%

17,528

21.1%

All employees

20,012

21.8%

51,352

55.9%

20,560

22.4%

Figure 16: Eaton global employment by age, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

33

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Social–Disclosures

TALENT MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEE 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
Management and oversight

 Talent development is the responsibility of managers 
of people, with the executive vice president/chief 
human resources officer (CHRO) leading our talent 
development strategy. Our Global HR Function and 
the Global Talent and Learning Center of Excellence 
(COE) advise leaders on the attraction, engagement 
and development of employees. Our Global 
Total Rewards COE develops compensation and 
benefit programs that are integral to the attraction, 
engagement and retention of employees. The 
CHRO and COE leads regularly engage with the 
Compensation and Organization Committee of the 
Board on talent and total rewards and with the Board 
of Directors annually on the development of talent for 
succession planning.

Strategic approach 

The Global Talent and Learning and Total Rewards 
COEs set the approach for executing our strategy to 
attract, engage, develop and retain talent in a growth 
culture in an integrated talent model. The Global 
Talent and Learning COE and the Total Rewards COE 
work in partnership to execute integrated services 
and processes designed to create a positive and 
growth-oriented experience for our employees’ entire 
life cycle. This enhances our competitive ability to 
engage employees in building their careers at Eaton.

How we assess and monitor progress 

Employee-listening surveys and formal talent 
reviews are among the processes we use to 
assess progress. Employee-listening surveys 
help us monitor the employee experience (from 
onboarding through exit) and how it influences  
our success. Leadership, in partnership with
the HR Function and Global Talent and Learning 
COE, monitors the results and uses them to inform 
our approach to talent and development.

Key actions 

Based on feedback from employees, actions in 
2022 focused on enabling employees to grow and 
develop for the future. Some key actions to note 
included:

    Enabled our leaders to further support employee 

growth through two leadership development 
learning sprints, one focused on deliberate 
development and another on enabling careers. 

    Created and deployed a digital mindset 

curriculum to support employees’ continued 
development in this important space for our 
business. This curriculum was accessed by 7K+ 
employees in 2022.

    In 2022, we expanded our formal global 

mentoring program to include over 900 mentees, 
53% of this population are women and 34% of 
them are U.S. minorities. 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

In 2022 we expanded our formal  
global mentoring program to include

900+

mentees

In 2022

7K+ employees participated in 

digital mindset curriculum

 Targets and metrics

Assuring fair pay

To be competitive in the marketplace, we focus 
on attraction, engagement, development and 
retention targets. Success is measured through key 
performance metrics focused on outcomes mentioned 
above. The team takes feedback seriously, using it 
to continuously improve the function by acting on 
opportunities gathered from surveys of our candidates, 
new hires and hiring teams. Our 2030 sustainability 
target is to provide an average of 12 training hours per 
employee, annually.

Eaton is committed to equal opportunity, pay 
equity, inclusion and diversity and has established 
processes that drive equitable pay decisions. At 
Eaton, we analyze internal and external pay data as 
well as the structure of our compensation programs, 
policies and practices to ensure employees are paid 
appropriately. When we do find instances in which 
individual employees are not paid commensurate 
with their job duties, experience, qualifications 
and performance, we address them to ensure 
employees are paid equitably for equal or similar 
work. Learn more about our pay equity.

KPI

Average training hours per employee

Figure 17: Training and development KPI

2020

8

2021

12

2022

12

34

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

Social–Disclosures

EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY

 Management role and board oversight

Care of our employees and the environment 
is the responsibility of all leaders. The corporate 
environmental, health and safety (EHS) team provides 
functional and thought leadership and is led by the chief 
sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton 
Business System (EBS), who is a member of the Senior 
Leadership Committee. Each business is supported by 
EHS business leaders who regularly engage with EHS 
regional leaders to support site-level activity.

Strategic approach and management of risks 
and opportunities 

The Eaton MESH Management System global 
minimum standards implement the company 
values and commitments outlined in the 
Environmental, Health and Safety Policy and are 
deployed across Eaton. 

Eaton defines MESH as its management system 
to address environmental, health and safety and 
security (EHS) related activities. The foundations of 
MESH are the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards 
and MESH is established in conformance with 
both standards. The management system provides 
a framework for systematically identifying and 
managing EHS risks, impacts and opportunities. 
It also guides the businesses on integrating the 
management system into their strategic planning and 
operational processes to drive accountability, results 
and continual performance improvement.

Eaton’s safety principles and expectations 

Working safely is a condition of employment  
at Eaton. We require employees to follow 
established safety procedures. Our safety principles 
and expectations are detailed here.

Our Safety Principles require everyone to be 
responsible and accountable for recognizing and 
correcting at-risk behavior or unsafe conditions. 
The company will not permit retaliation against an 
employee who in good faith reports a safety violation. 

 Zero tolerance lifesaving rules

 Employees who violate core safety requirements 
may be subject to disciplinary action up to 
and including termination. We consider these 
expectations to be absolutes, because a violation 
could result in serious injury or even death.

Measuring progress 

In support of overall business goals, the 
environmental, health and safety team determines 
EHS goals with guidance from the CEO and approval 
from the Senior Leadership Committee. The Senior 
Leadership Committee regularly receives the results 
of operational EHS performance assessments, 
including any severe injuries and the recordable 
incident rate. 

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice 
president of EBS, who is a member of both the 
corporate environmental, health and safety team and 
Eaton's Senior Leadership Committee, reports to the 
Board of Directors on various EHS matters monthly, 
quarterly and annually.

Key activities 

In 2022 we continued focus on our Zero Incident 
Safety Program. We strategically select the sites 
based on recent health and safety performance 
and existing safety culture. The program seeks to 
improve the health and safety of our employees 
while rigorously nurturing a Zero Incident 
Safety Culture. We do this by focusing on and 

implementing the fundamentals of a successful 
safety program, which include:

    Management and leadership involvement

    Employee engagement

    Hazard identification, prevention and control

    Training and communication to increase 

awareness and understanding

    Progress monitoring and accountability

Eaton’s Safety Awards program honors those 
sites with outstanding safety performance. These 
awards recognize sites that practice outstanding 
safety performance. We also focus on environmental 
regulatory compliance with the deployment of our 
Environmental Excellence focus site program.

Our 2022 Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR) of  
0.40 is below what we define as a world-class 
safety rate. Our 2030 goal is to reach 0.25 TRCR 
(also known as TRIR).

Our Safety Principles require everyone to be responsible 
and accountable for recognizing and correcting at-risk 
behavior or unsafe conditions

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Number of manufacturing sites (also called significant sites)

% of sites with risk assessment performed

–

–

–

–

–

197

195

94%

100%

93%

Lost time incident rate (total incidents per 200,000 hours worked 
or 100 FTE)

0.23

0.21

0.17

0.15

0.16

Employee fatalities

0

0

0

1

1

Total recordables incident rate (total recordable incidents per  
200,000 hrs. also known as TRCR)

0.64

0.54

0.40

0.39

0.40

Figure 18: Saftey KPIs

35

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Social–Disclosures

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN, SOCIAL AND 
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS
 Management and oversight

Eaton's executive vice president, Supply Chain 
Management leads our One Eaton Supply Chain 
Management philosophy, which reflects our core 
values and our commitment to doing business right. 
Our expectations for suppliers serve as an extension 
of these principles and our shared commitment to 
responsible sourcing practices.

The EVP, SCM oversees the policies and procedures 
that govern Eaton's supplier management and 
sourcing practices and is also a member of Eaton’s 
Senior Leadership Committee. The EVP, SCM reports 
periodically to the Board on critical matters related to 
Eaton’s supply chain management activities.

Strategic approach and management of risks 
and opportunities 

Eaton's Supply Chain Management function works 
with our supply base to ensure suppliers can 
efficiently and effectively support our businesses. 
SCM emphasizes four main objectives:

    Manage the acquisition of goods  

and services.

    Create value to our shareholders by  

driving effective cost management and 
operational efficiencies.

    Provide risk management, governance    

and compliance.

    Train and communicate to increase awareness 

and understanding.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

    Drive continuous improvement, supporting growth 

Supplier diversity

opportunities for both Eaton and our suppliers.

As part of our One Eaton Supply Chain Management 
philosophy, Eaton’s Supply Chain Management 
organization undertakes rigorous annual examination 
processes in order to identify and mitigate a broad 
spectrum of supply chain risks, including critical supply 
and/or critical materials. Our Risk Assessment Process 
includes a risk scan of external sources, intelligence 
gathering and internal alignment of the risk landscape. 
We evaluate risks based on severity and probability 
and develop specific mitigation strategies to address 
these risks.

We identify risks at the issue level and apply our 
evaluation across the spectrum of our business 
activities. For each identified risk, we explain how we 
are currently mitigating it based on specific activities. 
We monitor this process quarterly to account for 
any changes.

Additionally, SCM has established risk identification and 
contingency planning guidelines. These guidelines may 
be used for an ongoing sourcing process or to assess 
the stability of an existing supplier. These guidelines:

    Provide an overview of the approaches to 

identify potential risks within the supply base.

    Introduce processes and templates to validate 

potential risks and impacts resulting from 
supplier failures.

    Provide a recommended checklist to initiate 

contingency planning and actions.

At Eaton we strive to engage a diverse supply 
base reflecting the communities where we live, 
work, and serve. We actively seek to provide 
opportunities to businesses that include small, 
veteran-owned, disabled-owned, minority-owned, 
LGBTQ+–owned, women-owned, and historically 
underutilized business zone suppliers.

Eaton believes that our corporation, our communities 
and our customers benefit from providing equal 
opportunities for diverse enterprises to compete 
for Eaton business. Our suppliers are our business 
partners, and it is important that these partnerships 
reflect the communities where we live, work and 
serve. Active solicitation of diverse suppliers helps 
us realize our aspirational goal of becoming a 
model of inclusion and diversity in our industry and 
operationalizes our belief in the power of diversity. 

Supplier diversity takes root as part of the 
procurement infrastructure and seeks to create an 
inclusive supplier pool for contracting, purchasing and 
outsourcing, using various proactive strategies.

These sourcing strategies include:

    An Advisory Council and supplier diversity team 
responsible for implementing a corporate-wide 
diversity program and process.

    An evaluation of existing supply chain to identify 
significant opportunities for diverse suppliers 
(inclusive of e-procurement online bidding activity).

    A diversity supplier directory and policy posted 

on the Eaton intranet.

    The development of strategies by product line and 
establishment of strategies to cultivate alliances 
with targeted suppliers (mentorship program).

    The participation in diversity business 

organizations and councils.

In addition to our efforts with our Tier 1 suppliers, 
Eaton supports a Tier 2 Program through which we 
work with our suppliers to create more opportunities 
for diverse-owned businesses. Eaton requires all 
suppliers who participate in our Tier 2 Program to 
submit reports detailing their purchases from diverse 
suppliers every quarter.

We believe that our 
company, our communities 
and our customers benefit 
from providing equal 
opportunities for diverse 
enterprises to compete for 
Eaton business. 

36

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Social–Disclosures

 How we assess and monitor progress

We ask suppliers to affirm our supplier code of 
conduct and track their status in addition to their 
acceptance as part of Eaton’s standard contractual 
terms and conditions. We also ask for adherence to 
all local and regional trade management regulations.

We have updated and simplified our Supplier Site 
Assessment (SSA) process. This process provides 
a deeper analysis of supplier performance and 
includes evaluations of supplier EHS and product 
stewardship practices. The SSA results are reviewed 
to identify any gaps which may exist in the supplier 
operations and a formal corrective action plan 
addressing the identified gaps, if any, is required 
prior to conducting business.

Key activities

Key supply chain activities in 2022 included:

    Hosted a supplier engineering and  

sustainability event with key plastics suppliers  
to discuss innovation and opportunities for 
carbon reduction. 

    Leveraged the Responsible Business Alliance's 
(RBA) responsible labor toolkit to perform gap 
analysis of contingent labor provider agreements.

    Deployed training course on responsible sourcing.

    Deployed training on modern slavery and human 

trafficking to all functions within Eaton. 

    Added the topic of sustainability to the Supply 
Chain Management (SCM) annual bootcamp, 
ensuring SCM teams understand their role in 
meeting company 2030 sustainability targets.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

    Hosted continuous improvement event and 

learning workshop in Pune, India, on product 
stewardship, conflict minerals and center for 
sustainability, identifying areas of overlap in our 
processes and sharing best practices for due 
diligence and achieving supplier compliance.

    Continued executing our fleet electrification 

strategy with policy updates published and driver 
surveys completed.

We completed the Disability Equality
Index and received a score of 

100%

In 2022, we strengthened our supplier diversity 
program, purchasing approximately $1.7 billion in 
goods and services from small and diverse suppliers, 
increasing our spend with minority-owned businesses 
by over 10% and nearly doubling our spend with 
LGBTQ+ led suppliers. Our overall spend with small 
and diverse suppliers represented 32% of our overall 
spend with U.S. suppliers.

Targets and metrics: Eaton’s Supply chain function 
has targets related to environmental and social 
impacts including 20% supplier diversity spending 
and a 15% reduction in Scope 3 emissions by 
2030. Eaton has internal KPIs related to supplier 
engagement on sustainability and fleet electrification.

e
c
n
a
m
r
o
f
r
e
p

l
a
c
i
r
o
t
s
i
H

:

d
n
e
p
S

.

.

S
U

f
o
t
n
e
c
r
e
p
a

s
a

20

18

16

14

12

10

8

0

Diverse supplier spend

20.0%

17.0%

16.1%

15.5%

14.6%

13.3 %

13.6%

12.1 %

583

642

775

829

702

698

906

1B

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2030

Figure 19: Annual diverse supplier spend by percentage U.S. supplier spend and in USD.

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services  
category 1 emissions

4,984,934

4,520,670

3,496,343

3,924,619

4,726,229

Scope 3 Capital Goods category 2 emissions

39,283

36,347

20,464

44,945

62,668

% Suppliers by spend affirming code  
of conduct

% Suppliers by spend in annual climate  
disclosure and collaboration campaign

–

–

90%

90%

93%

21%

21%

14%

32%

50%

Diverse supplier spend 

–

–

$1.9 Billion 

$1.4 Billion 

$1.7 Billion 

Figure 20: Supply chain KPIs

37

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Social–Disclosures

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT AND CHARITABLE GIVING

 Management and oversight

    Financial support

    In-kind contributions

Each year, Eaton donates to organizations in our 
communities around the world. These donations 
support arts and culture, community and economic 
development, education, environment, health and 
human service programs and more. Grants reflect 
the focus defined by each local involvement team, 
address a community need, and support employee 
involvement. Nearly 75% of donations go to health 
and human services organizations, with 20% 
supporting education and 5% to cultural and arts 
organizations.

Eaton charitable contributions are made possible by 
donating a portion of our pretax revenue to worthy 
causes. Charitable contributions in the U.S. are 
granted through the Eaton Charitable Fund, which is 
overseen by a Corporate Contributions Committee 
consisting of senior Eaton executives appointed 
by the CEO. This Committee also evaluates and 
approves charitable contributions made outside of 
the U.S. and are paid through the business in each 
country. The Community Affairs function responsible 
for these programs reports through the Corporate 
Human Resources team and, ultimately, the chief 
human resources officer. 

Strategic approach 

Eaton encourages community involvement, 
believing that doing so creates healthy, sustainable 
communities and business facilities. Some examples 
of our involvement include:

    Service on boards of nonprofit organizations

    Volunteer programs

The talent, energy and skills that our employees 
donate to community projects hold significant 
value for us as well as the communities we serve. 
Our volunteers benefit from the satisfaction of 
accomplishing necessary work, expanding their social 
connections, learning creative problem-solving and 
increased well-being.

We find that employees who volunteer with local 
organizations are more committed to their community 
and feel more fulfilled at home and work. 
Many of our facilities have created community 
involvement teams, which tailor site activities to the 
needs of their local communities. Comprised of cross-
functional employees, their responsibilities include:

    Developing an annual community involvement 

plan and budget to support activities

    Conducting employee-giving campaigns

    Organizing volunteer activities

    Responding to community requests for donations

Our community involvement teams foster higher 
employee participation and a strong sense of pride. 
Their individual efforts and contributions directly benefit 
the places where they live and work.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

where our employees serve on the Board. Eaton 
Charitable Fund grants are also made available to 
our sites, commensurate with facility size. Our 
approach helps ensure local employees decide how 
to allocate resources where they are needed most. 
Our employees take pride in determining where we 
invest our time and money. In 2022, we donated 
approximately $10 million in charitable contributions 
around the world. 

Supporting United Way for more than 100 
years: Philanthropy and involvement in our local 
communities is a fundamental component of our 
identity. Eaton’s founder, Joseph O. Eaton, helped 
create the Cleveland Federation for Charity and 
Philanthropy in 1913. Inspired by his leadership, 
our giving strategy is intensely local by design. In 
the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, we commit to 
the United Way through an annual campaign. And 
for every dollar pledged by an employee, Eaton 
contributes 50 cents.

Annual Stover Awards recognize volunteer 
accomplishments: Every year, we recognize the 
accomplishments of employees who volunteer 
in their communities with the Stover Award for 
community service. Any Eaton employee can 

nominate full-time employees who demonstrate 
leadership or service in community organizations.

The senior vice president within each business 
unit appoints a selection committee to review 
nominations. The committee chooses an award 
recipient based on the following criteria:

    Positive impact of the employee's involvement in 

both the organization and the community.

    Extent to which the nominee has 

demonstrated leadership or unwavering 
dedication to the organization.

    Importance of the activity or institution to an 

Eaton community, employees and their families.

    Volunteer service with other nonprofit 

community organizations.

    Letter(s) of commendation from the organization 

for which the employee volunteers.

Stover Volunteerism Award recipients each receive 
a commemorative award, a check for U.S. $5,000 
payable to the nonprofit organization of their choice, 
and special recognition by our chairman and CEO at a 
formal ceremony.

Key activities

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

The Eaton Charitable Fund: The Eaton Charitable 
Fund supports arts, education, culture and social 
service programs that improve the quality of 
life in our communities. The Fund gives primary 
consideration to requests from organizations 

Charitable giving

$12 Million

$8.5 Million

$10 Million

$9 Million

$10 Million

Employee volunteer hours

–

–

33,435

18,739

45,771

Figure 21: Annual charitable giving and engagement KPIs

38

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Social–Disclosures

POLITICAL ADVOCACY AND ACTIVITY
 Management and board oversight

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of 
Directors meets annually with the vice president 
of Public Affairs to review our policy on political 
spending to ensure compliance with our policies. 
We commit to disclose political donations and/or 
lobbying expenditures.

Strategic approach and management of risks 
and opportunities 

Eaton political activity and advocacy is guided by 
our Code of Ethics which specifically states:  
“We do not make contributions on behalf of Eaton  
to political candidates or parties, even where lawful.” 
We operate a federal political action committee, 
and use our employee contributions to support 
candidates we feel can help advance a business 
community agenda. Eaton does not, however, 
make contributions to “527 groups” or make 
independent expenditures directly related to 
candidates or campaigns. 

From time to time, Eaton will support issue campaigns 
that have an impact on the communities in which we 
live and work. No such contributions are made without 
the approval of the vice president of Public Affairs and 
chief human resources officer. These contributions are 
never based on political preferences of our executives. 
Eaton does support lobbying initiatives in alignment 
with issues of importance to the company through 
personal contact by employees, contact by lobbyists 
under contract to Eaton, and by trade associations of 
which Eaton is a member. 

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of 
Directors meets annually with the vice president  
of Public Affairs to review our policy on political 
spending to ensure compliance with our policies.  
We commit to disclose political donations and/or 
lobbying expenditures.

Key activities

In 2022, we endorsed the Global Memorandum of 
Understanding propelled by CALSTART calling for 
30% of new Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicles 
(MHDV) to be emissions free by 2030 and 100% of 
new MHDV trucks to be emissions free by 2040. As 
part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work with 
its industry partners to overcome strategic, political 
and technical barriers; accelerate zero-emission 
vehicle production and deployment; and increase 
investment and economies of scale to make the 
transition faster and more cost effective. CALSTART 
is a national nonprofit that focuses on activities to 
accelerate clean transportation.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

2022 U.S. advocacy areas

Focus

Worked with industry stakeholders at the state and federal level to advance electric  
vehicle and EV infrastructure adoption.  

Electric vehicles and 
transportation infrastructure

Advocated for tax incentives in the Inflation Reduction Act including Commercial  
clean vehicles (Sec. 45W), Energy efficient commercial buildings (Sec. 179D), 
Advanced energy project (Sec. 48C), Investment tax credit (Sec. 48).

EV passenger and commercial federal tax credit extension and expansion.  

Participated in state government working groups to drive energy-efficient building codes, 
electrification, emissions reduction and renewable energy resources. 

Advocated for state building decarbonization and energy-efficiency policies including 
extension and expansion of the energy-efficient commercial buildings (Sec. 179D)  
and IIJA Grid Modernization funds.  

Advocated to support transportation, electrification, grid modernization, resiliency and  
reliability as part of federal and state infrastructure and stimulus discussions—including 
energy efficiency and renewable energy resources in the IIJA and IRA.  

Joined business community partners to advocate for state government action on climate 
change and emission reduction. 

Collaborated with industry partners to advocate state-level investment of federal  
infrastructure to address climate change and public health.

Electrical technology and grid 
modernization

Infrastructure, stimulus, 
recovery and collaboration

Figure 22: 2022 U.S. Advocacy areas

2022 Europe advocacy areas

Focus

Vehicles and transportation 
infrastructure

Electrical technology and grid 
modernization

Figure 23: 2022 Europe advocacy areas

Advocated to support: 

Europe Euro 7/VII CO2 and NOx regulations that drive adoption of standards that  
increase emissions reductions. 

Electric vehicle safety regulations that ensure safe deployment of zero emission vehicles.

Development of hydrogen fuel technologies for adoption in the heavy-duty vehicle segment. 

Engaged in the dialogue around the DU Energy Efficiency and Alternative Fuel Directives to 
promote development of policies and regulations that facilitate deep flexibility markets to 
accelerate the energy transition to renewable fuels and energy.

Advocating for the phaseout of SF6 switchgear to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

39

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Social–Disclosures

PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY
 Management and oversight

The Quality Function relies on its Quality 
Management System (QMS), which is designed to 
monitor and evaluate the sites’ QMS risk profile, 
which includes, but is not limited to, product safety. 
Based on the risk assessment results, qualitative and 
actionable priorities are established and deployed. 
Our sites complete an annual self-assessment to 
comply with corporate QMS requirements, industry 
standards and regulatory requirements. Additionally, 
Eaton performs internal annual audits to evaluate 
continuous compliance to the QMS requirements. 
Consumer Safety and Quality Councils—a forum to 
manage product safety concerns, corrective actions, 
and best practices—are deployed at all levels of 
the corporation.

Strategic approach 

Our Eaton Quality Management System 
(EQMS), part of the Eaton Business System, 
works because our quality and operational 
excellence teams have created a proactive culture 
at all levels of the organization. We make sure the 
customer’s voice is fully integrated into our design, 
manufacturing, supply chain and field processes. 
We leverage our scale in quality management 
by identifying and implementing best practices 
and lessons learned throughout our diverse 
businesses. Our quality management system helps 
Eaton sites implement process discipline, identify 
risks and opportunities, take necessary actions, 
quickly address issues and achieve efficiency  
and effectiveness. 

Our system has requirements above and beyond 
the different industries we serve, with ISO 9001 
applicable for most of our sites, IATF16949 applicable 
for sites serving our automotive customers and 
AS9100 applicable for sites serving our aerospace 
customers. It also includes customer-specific 
requirements and corporate procedures as well as 
businesses and site-specific procedures. Our quality 
manual, policies and procedures are frequently 
reviewed and updated, and we have several 
processes to assess the management system 
suitability and compliance. 

On an annual basis, our sites perform internal audits 
and execute a QMS risk analysis at least twice 
per year. We engage with third-party certification 
bodies to audit our sites every year to ensure 
QMS compliance and effectiveness. Aligned to 
operational performance, we conduct Validated 
Operations Assessments (OpA) to strengthen EQMS 
implementation and maturity, as well as overall 
deployment of our Business System. EQMS has five 
components. Each of these components does not 
independently constitute a comprehensive QMS, 
but together they create an integrated, holistic 
system designed to meet all requirements. The 
Eaton-specific QMS policies are defined based on 
Eaton practices, industry best practices, international 
standards and other sources.

Targets and metrics

In support of overall business goals, the Quality 
Function establishes Quality goals with guidance 
from the Senior Leadership Committee and final 
approval from the CEO.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

KPI

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Number of recalls issued;  
total units recalled

Total amount of monetary 
losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with 
product safety

–

–

0

0

1 recall 
issued, 16,776 
units

1 recall 
issued, 8,958 
units12

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

Figure 24: Product quality KPIs
12   The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected. This recall amends and supercedes the existing recall: FL-856    

(NHTSA Campaign No 20V-404).

 CYBERSECURITY  
Management role and board oversight

Eaton’s Code of Ethics is the policy that covers 
protecting assets and information. It states that 
employees should use Eaton property, information 
and opportunities for Eaton’s business purposes 
and not for unauthorized use. We properly maintain 
the confidentiality of information and employee 
data entrusted to us by Eaton or others.

A documented, systematic set of Information 
Security Policies and Standards and supporting 
procedures are used to protect Eaton’s operations, 
assets, data and services and to defend against, 
respond to and recover from cyberattacks.  

These policies and procedures are supported 
by standardized infrastructure and application 
service practices, protective and detective 
cybersecurity systems and security monitoring, 
threat hunting and incident response capabilities 
including: firewalls, intrusion detection, web 
proxies, anti-virus/anti-malware, identity and 

access management, multi-factor authentication, 
privileged account management, endpoint 
detection and response, e-mail and network 
malware detection and sandboxing, security 
information and event management and 
threat intelligence platforms, e-mail forgery 
protections, vulnerability management, user 
entity and behavior analytics, phishing exercises, 
cybersecurity tabletop exercises, an active 
security awareness program, and a vetted 
and well-trained cybersecurity staff. Policies 
are closely aligned to relevant security control 
frameworks such as NIST 800-171, NIST 800-53, 
NIST CSF, ISO 27001, and COBIT.

Strategic approach 

At Eaton, cybersecurity is an integral 
consideration, with strict protocols placed on the 
people, processes and technologies within our 
Secure Development LifeCycle process (SDLC), 
the program that integrates security protocols 
at every phase of product creation. SDLC spans 
from inception through to deployment and 

40

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report   
Social–Disclosures

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures

maintenance, enforcing cybersecurity best practices 
via training, threat modelling, requirements analysis, 
implementation, verification and ongoing support.

Additionally, our cybersecurity best practices 
extend beyond our own labs to help keep our 
customers informed about potential vulnerabilities 
and provide industry insights well as tools and other 
educational content.

Eaton’s emphasis on cybersecurity extends 
to partnerships with universities to attract and 
prepare the next generation of engineers to develop 
new security strategies for connected devices. For 
example, we’ve established the Eaton Cybersecurity 
SAFE (Security Assessment and Forensic 
Examination) Lab at Rochester Institute of Technology 
(RIT) to provide students with hands-on experience in 
solving cybersecurity challenges. 

A dedicated, global team manages the receipt, 
investigation, vulnerability remediation and public 
reporting of security vulnerability information related 
to Eaton products. We are prepared to work in good 
faith with individual researchers, ICS-CERT, security 
intelligence-gathering agencies, customers and 
field personnel who might discover and submit a 
vulnerability report on our products. Vulnerabilities 
can be reported on our Report an Issue page.

Eaton utilizes a “Demilitarized Zone” (DMZ) 
to filter and route traffic from the public internet 
and to host externally facing resources. Third 
parties, remote users, and partner networks are 
required to VPN into the organization to gain 
access to resources.  Multifactor authentication 

in the form of RSA tokens (contractors/partners/
third-party vendors) or Active Directory credentials 
(employees) and a user-specific PKI certificate 
generated uniquely for each device is required 
to access the organization's internal resources. 
Perimeter security defenses such as firewalls, 
proxies, and IDS/IPS systems are employed as 
security controls. Micro-segmentation is utilized 
widely in the organization’s DMZ and the internal 
networks are selectively air gapped or segmented 
based on business need.

Information security management system: 
Security requirements for the product are identified 
based on industry standards NIST SP 800-53, NIST 
SP 800-82, FIPS 140-2, NIST SP 800-124, DHS, IEC 
62351, and UL 2900. These requirements provide a 
unified way of developing a product compliant with 
multiple security standards.

Eaton is also the first company to partner with UL on 
a Cybersecurity Client Lab Validation Program to test 
Eaton products to key aspects of UL 2900-1 1 Standard.

Compliance to GDPR: The product review 
helps establish security best practices and 
recommendations while the product is in its infancy. 
After this review, the product completes a threat 
modeling and security requirements analysis. 
Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances 
of finding flaws in later stages. Additionally, the cost 
to fix in an early stage is significantly less.

A product review is used to walk through the 
concept of the product. Based on the review, a 
data flow diagram is created to depict the overall 
flow of data in the product, and an architectural 

analysis is performed to identify criticality of 
components. Additionally, sensitive and personal 
data are identified to ensure compliance with 
applicable data protection regulations, including the 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Employee awareness on cybersecurity: 
Targeted Eaton employees take the Data Protection 
and Privacy Basics course as part of Eaton’s 
Ethics and Compliance training through Eaton’s 
online learning platform. This training is chosen for 
employees based on their job functions.

Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances of 
finding flaws in later stages. Additionally, the cost to fix 
in an early stage is significantly less.

41

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Task Force on Climate-related  
Financial Disclosures report | 2023

Forward-looking statements

The information contained in this report, including but not limited to 
any facts or forwarding-looking statements, should not be interpreted 
as a decision by Eaton that such information is “material” information 
as that term is used or understood in filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or as that term is defined by the Supreme Court 
in TSC Industries v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976). Many 
statements in this report are forward-looking statements related to 
projections and future plans that are based, and inherently subject to, 
on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns. Such forward-looking 
statements may be identified by words such as “may,” “expect,” “could,” 
“goal,” “will,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,” “potential,” and 
other similar phrases or words that convey a future or prospective nature. 
These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various 
risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements: the course of the COVID-19 
pandemic globally and government actions related thereto; geopolitical 
tensions, unanticipated changes in the markets for the company’s 
business segments; unanticipated downturns in business relationships 
with customers or their purchases from us; competitive pressures on 
sales and pricing; supply chain disruptions, unanticipated changes in the 
cost of material, labor, and other production costs, or unexpected costs 
that cannot be recouped in product pricing; the introduction of competing 
technologies; unexpected technical or marketing difficulties; unexpected 
claims, charges, litigation or dispute resolutions; strikes or other labor 
unrest; natural disasters; the performance of recent acquisitions; 
unanticipated difficulties completing or integrating acquisitions; new 
laws and governmental regulations; interest rate changes; changes in 
tax laws or tax regulations; stock market and currency fluctuations; and 
unanticipated deterioration of economic and financial conditions in the 
United States and around the world. We do not assume any obligation to 
update these forward-looking statements.

Appendix A

TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is an 
intelligent power management company. Eaton’s mission 
is to improve the quality of life and the environment 
through the use of power management technologies and 
services. We recognize that a company should be defined 
by more than financial results; it should also be defined 
by its commitment to the environment, its contributions 
to society and the strength of its governance. In 2017, 
The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board, 
published a set of voluntary recommendations for use by 
companies in providing information to investors, lenders 
and insurance underwriters about their climate-related 
financial risks. In 2021, The International Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC) released its Sixth Assessment Report 
(AR6) detailing that all plausible climate change scenarios 
show global warming exceeding 1.5°C by around 2030. 
However, it also advises that quick action can keep that 
exceedance minimal and temporary. To do that, global 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions need to fall by more 
than 40% by 2030, followed by global net-zero emissions 
by 2050 (Figure 1).

Eaton is responding to the urgent need for climate 
action and stakeholder expectations of transparency 
by implementing our sustainability strategy. Our 
2030 sustainability targets include a 1.5°C science-
based greenhouse gas reduction target, along with 
a commitment to transparently communicate our 
sustainability progress.

We have joined the United Nations Race to Zero to affirm 
our commitment to science-based climate action. A vital 
part of that commitment is understanding and disclosing 
our climate risks using the TCFD disclosure framework. 
Eaton is proud to be among the more than 3,800 
organizations officially supporting TCFD. 

Since we published our first TCFD report in 2020, we 
have seen some of our reported climate risks and the 
ongoing opportunities come to bear. Less predictable and 
more extreme weather, wildfires and geopolitical issues 
have resulted in supply chain and workforce challenges 
globally and, to some extent, for our company. At the 
same time, we are seeing unprecedented growth in 
electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, renewable 
energy, energy storage and plans for investing in the 
utility grid of the future—all strong advantages for Eaton. 

While we cannot control all these forces, we have a 
strong plan to mitigate our greenhouse gas emissions 
and execute on our business strategy-related climate 
opportunities: electrification, digitalization and the 
transition to renewable energy.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Core elements of recommended climate-related financial disclosures

Governance
The organization’s governance around climate-related risks 
and opportunities

Strategy 
The actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy and financial planning

Risk management
The processes used by the organization to identify, assess 
and manage climate-related risks

Metrics and targets
The metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant 
climate-related risks and opportunities

Figure 1: Core elements of recommended climate-related financial disclosures. Source: https://www.fsb-tcfd.org

Global 1.5ºC scenario

s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
e

l
a
b
o
G

l

Reduce global emissions

RACE TO ZERO

Today

2050

Negative emissions

Future

Figure 2: Illustration of Net Zero 1.5ºC forecast

Reduce global emissions

Reducing our value chain 
emissions with science-based 
and carbon neutral operations 
targets. Helping our customers 
avoid emissions by advancing 
green and modernized grids, 
sustainable transport and a 
smarter built environment

Ensure a 1.5º future

Advancing our carbon offset 
strategy, which includes 
offsetting emissions with 
certified renewable energy 
credits and verified high 
quality carbon offsets that 
focus on additionality and 
carbon removal.

43

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Appendix A

GOVERNANCE

 Board of directors

Role of the Board: Eaton’s Board of Directors 
oversees Eaton’s business strategy. Our Board works 
with management to consider specific issues relevant 
to the overall conduct of our businesses, including 
strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, 
safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, 
acquisitions and other strategic alliances. Our Board 
and company are focused on meeting the needs of 
all our stakeholders—our employees, our customers 
and suppliers, our communities and our shareholders. 
Eaton’s enduring commitment to inclusion and 
diversity is exemplified in the composition of our 
Board. Our Board recognizes the value of nominating 
director candidates who bring diverse opinions, 
perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to 
Board deliberations. As of December 31, 2022, our 
Board was comprised of 11 members, and as a result 
of the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, 
the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially/
ethnically diverse. In order for a director candidate 
to be recommended by our Governance Committee, 
a candidate must have the following minimum 
qualifications: personal ability, integrity,  relevant 
business background, independence, experience, 
expertise in areas of importance to our objectives, 
and sensitivity to our corporate responsibilities. 
In addition, our Governance Committee looks for 
individuals with specific qualifications so that the 
Board as a whole has diversity in experience, 
international perspective, background, expertise, 
skills, age, gender and ethnicity. These specific 
qualifications may vary from year to year, depending 
upon the composition of the Board at that time. 

Board oversight

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has 
responsibility for the oversight of risk management, 
while our management is responsible for the day-to-
day management of the material1 risks facing Eaton. 
Our Board has chosen to retain overall responsibility 
for risk assessment and oversight at the Board level 
in light of the interrelated nature of the elements of 
risk, rather than delegating this responsibility to a 
Board committee. The Board is also responsible for 
oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management 
program, which identifies, assesses and mitigates 
our top risks, including climate-related and other 
ESG risks. As noted above, our Board has ultimate 
oversight of our risk management and Eaton's
strategic direction, both of which drive our efforts 
related to environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) matters. The Board’s oversight of ESG includes 
review of environmental, community affairs, corporate
governance, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, 
culture and human capital management matters. Our
Board regularly considers ESG issues at full Board and 
committee meetings. In addition, at Eaton’s annual 
strategy sessions, our Board regularly conducts 
a detailed review of Eaton’s sustainability strategy 
with management. The Board has the following 
committees which meet regularly throughout the 
year: Audit; Compensation and Organization; Finance; 
Governance; and Innovation and Technology. As part 
of the Board’s ultimate oversight of Eaton’s ESG 
strategy, the Board, through its committees, 
considers specific risks and opportunities, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities, that fall within 
certain of the committees’ areas of responsibility. At 
each Board meeting, the committee chairs provide 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

updates to our full Board on the activities of their 
respective committees.

meets with the committee at each of its meetings to 
provide updates on ethics and compliance matters.

 Senior Management

Chief sustainability officer and executive vice 
president, Eaton Business System: The chief 
sustainability officer and executive vice president, 
Eaton Business System (CSO), is a member of 
Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee (SLC) and 
is responsible for reporting climate-related and 
environmental issues to the SLC on a quarterly 
basis. The CSO also discusses climate change 
issues regularly at Board and committee meetings. 
The CSO leads Eaton’s Environmental, Health and 
Safety function, which manages environmental 
metrics tracking and reporting, as well as Eaton 
Business System, the core operating system for the 
organization. Through Eaton Business System, we 
have procedures for continuous improvement and 
sharing best practices across the enterprise. We 
align our greenhouse gas accounting methodology 
with the GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our 
practices are aligned with global standards. Our 
businesses report on environmental performance, 
including greenhouse gas emissions targets, to the 
chief executive officer and the chief operating officers 
annually during Environmental Operations Reviews. 

Audit committee: The Audit Committee reviews 
Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the 
steps management has taken to monitor and 
control such exposures, including any related to the 
environment and climate, and ESG matters generally. 
The committee is also responsible for reviewing and 
approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for 
specific ESG-related public disclosures.

 Compensation and organization committee: 
The Compensation and Organization Committee is 
responsible for reviewing relevant matters related 
to the social pillar of ESG, which may include 
matters such as employee engagement, culture, 
training and development, inclusion and diversity 
and pay equity. The committee is also primarily 
responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, 
succession planning and compensation matters, 
and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor 
into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance committee: The Governance 
Committee is responsible for considering relevant 
matters related to the environmental and governance 
pillars of ESG, as determined by the committee. 
Eaton’s chief legal officer regularly provides updates 
to the committee on corporate governance and 
related matters. Eaton’s chief sustainability officer 
briefs the committee on environmental, health and 
safety matters. Eaton’s vice president, Public Affairs 
provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs. Finally, 
Eaton’s senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance 

1 The GRI Standard for materiality differs from the materiality standard we use in our 10-k reporting.

44

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Appendix A

CLIMATE SCENARIO ANALYSIS

 Introduction

Historical weather and climate observations 
show that the climate is changing and global mean 
temperatures have already increased by about 1°C. 

The extent of climate change 

According to IPCC, the global mean sea level has 
risen by about 20 cm since 1900. Sea and land ice 
is decreasing, permafrost is thawing and rainfall and 
flooding events are becoming more extreme. A report 
from the U.S. Global Change Research Program states 
that the climate is changing at a rate not seen for at least 
the last 2,000 years and scientists agree that human 
activities, especially greenhouse gas emissions, are the 
main cause of warming.

Future projections from climate models indicate that, 
unless very drastic measures are taken to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions and its footprint on nature 
and the climate, these trends are very likely to continue 
and some additional amount of warming is inevitable. If 
measures are taken to reduce and eventually eliminate 
greenhouse gas emissions from human activities, global 
temperature increase could be limited to 1.5°- 2°C of 
warming whereas without intervention toward greener 
energy production global average temperature could 
increase by 5°C (higher scenario). 

In 2023, we conducted a quantitative analysis of 
both our climate physical risks and transition risks 
as part of our updated climate scenario analysis. 
TCFD recommends modeling at least three scenarios 

at 1.5-degree; below 2-degree; and a higher 
temperature future. Eaton uses different climate 
scenarios for different purposes and accounted for 
the trade-offs between transition and physical risks 
by focusing on:

    Transition risks using International Energy 

Agency (IEA) lower temperature scenarios. 

    Physical risks using the International Panel on 

Climate Change (IPCC) Shared Socio-Economic 
Pathways (SSPs) higher temperature scenarios.

    Both at the middle range temperature (2°C).

 Methodology

For our transition analysis, we used three 
International Energy Agency scenarios: Announced 
Policies (2.1°C scenario), Stated Policies (2.6°C 
scenario) and Net Zero (1.4°C scenario). The IEA 
scenarios were chosen because they use IPCC 
MAGICC 7 climate model from the IPCC’s 6th 
Assessment Report (IPCC, 2021). All changes in 
temperatures are relative to 1850-1900 and match 
the IPCC 6th Assessment Report definition of 
warming of 0.85 °C between 1995-2014. Details for 
the 4 IEA Scenarios are found in Annex A of the IEA 
2021 World Energy Outlook. For transition risks and 
opportunities, we define medium-term as five years 
and long-term as 10 years.

For our physical climate risks, we used an 
integrated planetary intelligence platform, developed 
by Earth Knowledge, Inc., designed to be a digital 
twin of the Earth. The software uses high spatial 
resolution input from historical observations13 
and statistically downscaled future climate model 
projections for the entire globe14, to run models that 
calculate a variety of local water balance variables 

13Global gridded historical climate observations are from UK Climate Research Unit (CRU TS v. 4.04) and has been further downscaled to 1km spatial resolution for input to Earth Knowledge models (Harris et al., 2020).
14Statistically downscaled global future climate projections used as input to Earth Knowledge models are from NASA (NASA-NEX-GDDP, Thrasher et al., 2022) and has been further downscaled to 1km spatial resolution.

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

> 6°C

Transition-physical risk trade-off

k
s
i
R

l
a
c
i
s
y
h
P

2°C - 1.5°C

Figure 3: Transition-physical risk trade-off

Transition Risk

Source: Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, The Use of Scenario Analysis in Disclosure of Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities, June 2017

Scenario  
classification

Risk focus

Climate scenarios 
analyzed

Global average 
temperature 
increase by 2100

1.5°C (Net zero)

Transition Risks

IEA Net zero

1.5°C

~2°C 

Both transition risks 
and physical risks

SSP1-2.6

1.7-1.8°C

IEA announced policies

2°C

IEA stated policies

2.6°C

SSP5-8.5

3-5°C

Above 2°C

Physical risks

Figure 4: Climate scenarios table

Scenario drivers

Lower challenges 
to mitigation and 
adaptation. Economic 
growth emphasizes 
human well-being and 
lower resource and 
energy intensity.

Low challenges 
to mitigation and 
adaptation. Economic 
growth emphasizes 
human well-being and 
lower resource and 
energy intensity .

Announced nationally 
determined 
contributions are 
implemented.

Actions taken to 
enforce policies 
affecting energy 
markets (policies 
adopted by 2022).

Emissions double by 
2050. Quick global 
economic growth and 
high energy intensity.

45

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

such as soil moisture, evapotranspiration, and surface 
water runoff, as well as climate indicators that 
range across seven themes. This solution modeled 
1 km2 granularity across 23 indicators, spanning 
seven risk themes, to identify climate risk and 
opportunities related to 211 of Eaton’s physical assets 
in 35 countries, including manufacturing locations, 
distribution centers and warehouses, headquarters, 
labs and other significant sites. For physical climate 
projections, we define medium-term as 2030 and 
long-term as 2050.

Climate projections differ from weather predictions in 
that instead of providing a probabilistic estimate of an 
event occurring, climate projections consider a range 
of plausible future scenarios, from ones where the 
world complies with the Paris Agreement targets to 
ones where greenhouse gases are emitted at close 
to current rates. 

Two climate scenarios, a lower temperature scenario 
(SSP1-2.6) and a higher temperature scenario (SSP5-
8.5), run for three different climate models (IPSL-
CM6A-LR15, MIROC616, and MRI-ESM2-017) provide 
forward-looking climate projections, which were used 
as input to calculate the 23 climate indicators globally. 
Projections were calculated for 10-year periods 
(decadal trends) at each asset location from 2020 

through 2050 for each indicator.

The 23 indicators span seven risk themes: 

Temperature, Precipitation, Flood, Water Conditions, 

Drought, Wildfire, and Sea Level Rise. Each theme 

represents a collection of indicators (the Wildfire and 

Sea Level Rise themes only have one indicator each) 

(Figure 4). The climate risk themes were analyzed 

using the underlying indicators that drive them  

across the two temperature scenarios in the  

2030 and 2050 time-frames.

Climate risk

Modeled indicators

Drought

Flood

Precipitation

Climatic water deficit. Drought index.

Peak runoff. Moderate runoff.

Total annual precipitation. Precipitation 99th percentile. Dec-Jan-Feb total precipitation.  
Jun-Jul-Aug total precipitation. Wettest quarter. Wettest month. Driest quarter.

Sea level rise

Sea-level change.

Temperature

Annual mean temperature. Growing degree days. Mean Dec-Jan-Feb temperature. Mean Jun-July-Aug 
temperature. Hottest quarter. Hottest month. Cooling degree days. Heating degree days.

Water conditions

Aridity. Water availability.

Wildfire

Wildfire index.

Figure 5: Physical climate risks and indicators.

15Boucher et al., 2020: https://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1029/2019MS002010
16Tatebe et al., 2019: https://gmd.copernicus.org/articles/12/2727/2019/gmd-12-2727-2019.html
17Yukimoto et al., 2019: https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/jmsj/97/5/97_2019-051/_article

Compared to a baseline period from 1960-1989, an 

exposure index was given based on the severity of 

the change in each indicator on an asset-by-asset 

basis. Any change relative to the baseline period is 

considered an adaptation challenge. These changes 

were normalized across the indicators to a scale of 

0-100 based on the global maximum anomaly during 

the baseline period for each indicator. The exposure 

indices represent statistical trends over a range 

of years (decades). Because the projections are 

calculated from monthly values and are aggregated 

over a ten-year period, extreme acute events are not 

captured in this analysis, which summarizes changes 

in chronic exposure rather than short-term acute 

events. We analyzed each of the seven climate 

risks for all 211 assets under both the SSP1-2.6 

and SSP5-8.5 scenarios, looking at both scenarios 

across each of four decadal averages 2020s, 

2030s, 2040s and 2050s.

Summary of climate transition risks and opportunities
The findings of the scenario planning exercises 
identified a range of potential impacts. As reported 
in Eaton’s 2022 10k report, there are potentially 
material operational risks from the effects of climate 
change, including weather disruptions and regulatory/
market reactions, which create uncertainties that 
could negatively impact our business. Global 
increases in greenhouse gas emissions are linked to 
climate change, and there is consensus that dramatic 
emissions reductions are needed to avoid severe 
climate impacts. Extreme weather events are linked 
to climate change, and include hurricanes, flooding, 
wildfires, high heat, and water scarcity. These are 
potential physical risks to Eaton’s operating locations 
and supply chains.

While Eaton is working to make its own operations 
carbon neutral by 2030, a global failure to achieve 
commitments could cause increases in these 

Exposure rating

Exposure index

Very low

Low

Moderate

High

Extreme

0 - 2.9

3-9.9

10-24.9

24-49.9

>=50

100

50

25

10
3
0

x
e
d
n

I

e
r
u
s
o
p
x
E

Very Low Low Moderate

High

Extreme

Figure 6: Climate exposure ratings scale.

Figure 7: Physical climate risk exposure index

46

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

extreme weather events, political instability, and 
workforce migration, ultimately increasing Eaton’s 
cost of doing business. 

Regulatory reactions to climate change may pose 
more stringent obligations on Eaton’s operations and 
change customer demands. While Eaton is already 
gearing its portfolio towards products that will reduce 
carbon and adapt to climate change, there is a risk 
that Eaton may not innovate quickly enough to meet 
changing regulatory or market demands. Increasing 
demands for metals as the world electrifies may lead 
to scarcity and increased costs, as may uncertainty 
over carbon taxes and grid stability during a 
renewables transition. Despite these uncertainties, 
we believe Eaton is well positioned to capitalize on 
secular trends and market opportunities arising from 
these risks.

Transition risk and opportunities

Across the three IEA scenarios analyzed18, overall 
Eaton market growth is relatively unchanged out to 
2030.  In the mid-term and the long-term, across 
all three scenarios, CAGR varies by 0.2%. Total 
addressable market size is also relatively unchanged 
at the company level across all three IEA scenarios 
through 2030. 

In the 1.5 and 2°C scenarios, there is more 
dispersion across end market growth with 
renewables, EVs, EV infrastructure, utility grid, 
residential EV charging, energy efficiency and more 
efficient and alternative fueled airplanes showing 
more growth compared with the Stated Policies 

scenario. Oil and gas, traditional power generation, 
air travel and total automotive internal combustion 
vehicles show somewhat slower growth in the 
1.5 and 2°C scenarios compared to the higher 
temperature scenario. 

The above analysis assumed no change to Eaton's 
portfolio over time. However, as Eaton executes on 
our strategy related to electrification, digitalization 
and energy transition, we expect these portfolio 
shifts to continue to mitigate transition risks and 
create new low carbon climate opportunities  
for our company.

Physical climate risks

Eaton examines how physical climate risks could 
affect our operations using our business continuity 
frameworks. Through this process we integrate 
a number of risks such as hurricanes, high heat, 
increasingly unpredictable weather patterns, and 
flooding into our business continuity management 
(BCM) planning. Our climate scenario analysis results 
will be incorporated into our BCM activities. 

Although our risk modeling was focused on chronic 
physical climate risks using decadal averages, we 
understand that the event-based, shorter-term and 
acute physical climate risks will also be part of 
Eaton’s adaptation and resiliency challenge. 
Based on our 2022 climate scenario analysis of 
physical climate risks in the medium-term (2030) and 
the long-term (2050), we found some differences 
between the two future scenarios. 

Risk theme

Drought increase

Temperature rise

Wildfire

Number of sites with increased risk exposure from 2030 to 2050

Lower temperature scenario

Higher temperature scenario

3

11

6

6

28

14

Figure 8: Summary table comparing the increase in the number of Eaton assets that have high or extreme risk exposure ratings in 2030 and 2050 in the SSP126 and SSP585 scenarios.

The primary significant risk drivers are:

    Increase in temperatures driving significant 
change related to drought and wildfire and 
moderate impacts in water availability to  
Eaton’s assets.

    Increase in cooling degree days19 driving 

potential for electrical grid instability that could 
impact 81% of Eaton’s assets by 2050 under the  
higher temperature scenario.

Other than temperature, drought, and wildfire, in 
the near-term (2020-2040) there are little deviations 
between the lower temperature (SSP1-2.6) and 
higher temperature (SSP5-8.5) climate scenarios.  
This is because science shows notable differences 
skew after 2040.  

For this report, for comparison purposes, we’ve 
included more detailed risk charts for the top three 
identified physical risks at the 2030 and 2050 
timeframes across both temperature scenarios.

The science of temperature rise:

Increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in 
the atmosphere over the past century have caused 
increases in surface air temperature across the 
globe. The present concentration of atmospheric 
CO2 is higher than any time in at least the last 
two million years (IPCC, 2021). In the near-term 
(2020-2040), for both SSP scenarios, warming is 
generally expected to continue. As observed over 
the last several decades, warming is expected to 
be higher over land areas than over oceans with 
the largest degree of warming happening at higher 
latitudes in the northern hemisphere winter season 
(IPCC, 2021). For the 2040-2060 period, projected 
warming diverges across different scenarios 
with little excess heating for the lower SSP1-2.6 
scenario, compared to the near-term, and continued 
increased heating for the higher SSP5-8.5 scenario. 

18All scenarios analyzed assumed no changes in Eaton’s current portfolio.
19Cooling degree days is an indicator of how warm a location is. It compares the average daily temperature with a standard threshold temperature (here 18°C). The number of degrees the average daily 
temperature is higher than the threshold temperature is the cooling degree days for that day. Cooling degree days are accumulated over each year and can be used as a measure of how much energy is 
needed for cooling buildings to a comfortable temperature.

47

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Appendix A

Temperature rise

Potential impact to industry: Increased frequency 
of high heat days caused by climate change can 
create safety and productivity challenges for 
manufacturing and field service work. Longer term, 
population migration and related social issues could 
impact workforce availability. High heat temperature 
allowances for hourly staff in related working areas can 
lead to increased costs, higher employee turnover and 
worker shortages. Potential government mandates to 
stop working on high heat days could impact production 
and on-time deliveries. An increased spread of high 
temperature related diseases and illnesses can impact 
workforce availability. High temperatures may damage 
sensitive components and materials in operations and 
also cause energy shortages, increased cooling costs 
and brownouts that may disrupt operations. 

During the 2020 time period, about 50% of the 
Eaton assets analyzed have moderate risk exposure 
to temperature and 49% have a high exposure to 
temperature. The large number of assets that are 
already at moderate or higher exposure is related 
to the fact that temperature has already increased 
significantly in many parts of the world since the 
baseline period of 1960-1989. 

By 2030, under the lower temperature scenario, 
the number of assets that change from a low 
and moderate hazard index to a high or extreme 
level increases dramatically with 3% of assets 
projected to have an extreme exposure related 
to temperature and 86% projected to have high 
exposure. By 2050, analysis forecasts a 93% 
increase in the number of assets exposed to 
temperature-related physical risks at the high or 
extreme level compared to the present time. The 
assets projected to experience the highest impacts 
are in the southwestern U.S., southern and eastern 
Europe, and the Middle East.

Under the higher temperature scenario, by the 
2030 decade, nearly 6% of assets are projected 
to have extreme exposure to temperature by 2030 
and 80% are projected to have high exposure. 
By 2050, for the higher scenario, the number of 
assets with extreme exposure to temperature-
related indicators is projected to increase to  
62% with all continents represented at this 
exposure level.

Temperature risk exposure

s
e
t
i

S

f
o
r
e
b
m
u
N

250

200

150

100

50

0

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

The science of drought: 

Droughts occur when the amount of water 
evaporating from the surface and transpiring from 
plants into the atmosphere exceeds the amount of 
water available on the surface and in the top soil 
layers. Lack of precipitation and a warm atmosphere 
are both drivers of drought. Prolonged droughts can 
have devastating effects on ecology and agriculture 
and have impacts on water available for human needs. 
Historically observed warming of the atmosphere 
and changing precipitation patterns have already 
contributed to increased water stress and droughts 
in regions on all continents (IPCC, 2021). Continued 
warming under the lower temperature scenario is 
expected to increase drought severity and duration 
in some areas whereas a similar, but more amplified, 
effect is projected under the higher temperature 
scenario. A rough generalization is that areas that 
have historically been affected by drought are 
becoming drier and areas not historically affected  
by drought are becoming wetter.

Drought

Potential impact to industry: Drought has the 
potential to impact supply chain in terms of water-
intensive upstream materials that can be impacted 
by droughts. Materials such as pulp, cardboard, 
plating, coating, foundry cooling and machined part 
washing could be impacted. Second order impacts to 
communities, public health and food systems could 
also impact regions experiencing drought.

For the 2020 decade, the majority of Eaton’s assets 
have very low or low exposure to drought, relative 
to the baseline period. Some assets distributed 
throughout North America, Africa, Europe, Saudi 
Arabia and China have a moderate exposure, and 3% 
of assets, all located in the western and southern 
U.S. and northwestern Mexico, have high exposure.

Under the lower temperature scenario and the  
2030 decade, 6% of analyzed assets are projected 
to have high or extreme exposure. By 2050 7% 
of assets are projected to be subjected to high or 
extreme exposure.  

Drought risk exposure

s
e
t
i
s

f
o
r
e
b
m
u
N

250

200

150

100

50

0

2030 Lower

2030 Higher

2050 Lower

2050 Higher

2030 Lower

2030 Higher

2050 Lower

2050 Higher

Very Low

Low

Moderate

High

Moderate

High

Extreme

Figure 9: Temperature risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

Figure 10: Drought risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

48

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Notably, the proportion of assets with moderate 
drought exposure rises from 13% to 20% between 
the 2030 and 2050 timeframes. Sites with high and 
extreme drought exposure are located in the western 
U.S., Mexico, Morocco and Saudi Arabia. Some 
exposure is projected to moderate slightly under the 
lower scenario, which is to be expected because 
the SSP1-2.6 scenario assumes global average 
temperature change will peak around 5°C warming 
by mid-century before decreasing slightly toward the 
end of the century.

In the higher temperature SSP5-8.5 scenario, by 2030, 
nearly 6% of analyzed assets are subject to high to 
extreme drought exposure. By 2050, nearly 9% of 
analyzed assets are high or extreme and are located 
in the southwestern U.S., the Middle East and South 
Africa. Notably, the number of assets with moderate 
drought risk exposure rises from 13% in 2020 to 
43% by 2050. The Water Conditions risk exposure 
is a combination of indicators for water availability 
(positive or negative change from baseline) and 

aridity. In general, this is not a high exposure for 
Eaton under either temperature scenario. In all 
decade and scenario combinations, there is only one 
site that reaches a high exposure, which is in the 
Caribbean. For areas that are already arid, most likely 
small changes have a big impact, but that may not be 
reflected in the exposure ratings and further site level 
analysis may be warranted. 

Wildfire

Potential impact to industry: Wildfire exposure is 
projected to rise across a variety of regions in the 
coming decades across both temperature scenarios. 
Second order impacts to energy systems, suppliers 
and logistics networks can be disrupted by wildfire. 
Eaton has sites that are potentially at risk for 
increased wildfires causing poor or dangerous air 
quality, road closures, and employee health, safety 
and housing concerns due to fires and smoke paths.
Increase in temperature is driving significant 
expected increases in the frequency and/or severity 
of periods with a high fire risk caused by high 

Wildfire risk exposure

250

200

150

100

50

0

2030 Lower

2030 Higher

2050 Lower

2050 Higher

Low

Moderate

High

Extreme

Figure 11: Wildfire risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

temperatures, low humidity, low rainfall and high 
winds across most of Eaton’s geography, especially 
in the higher temperature scenario.

During the 2020 decade, no assets are subjected 
to extreme exposure to wildfire-related physical 
risks, but 29% of assets analyzed are subjected 
to moderate through high exposure with all high 
exposure assets located in western and southern 
U.S. and northern Mexico. 

Under the lower temperature SSP1-2.6 scenario, 
by 2050, the number of assets projected to have 
extreme exposure related to wildfire drops compared 
to 2030 because in this scenario temperatures  
peak before 2050. However, the number of assets  
at moderate and high exposure risk increases.  
Assets with moderate or higher exposure by 2050  
for both temperature scenarios are spread 
throughout all continents.

Under the higher temperature scenario by the 
2030 period, 5% of analyzed assets in the western 
U.S., northern Mexico, Saudi Arabia, and India are 
projected to have high to extreme exposure to 
wildfire with more than 40% of assets projected to 
have moderate exposure. By 2050, 12% of assets 
are projected to have high to extreme exposure 
occurring in the western U.S., North and South 
Africa, the Middle East and India.

Variations between the SSP1-2.6 and SSP5-8.5 
scenarios reflect the high variability in land conditions 
that contribute to wildfire exposure. Also, in the
SSP5-8.5 scenario continued increases in 
temperature is the major driving force of wildfire.

Precipitation changes 

Potential impact to industry: Projected changes in 
seasonal and annual precipitation over the next few 
decades are uncertain, largely because of natural 
internal variability in the climate system that is 
difficult for climate models to simulate consistently, 
thus, in the near term, no discernible differences in 
precipitation are projected between different SSPs 
(IPCC, 2021).

During the 2020 time period, under either temperature 
scenario, no assets are subjected to high or extreme 
exposure for precipitation-related physical risk. Under 
both temperature scenarios by 2050, less than ten 
assets have moderate exposure in Brazil, China, 
Puerto Rico, India the Philippines and Taiwan.

Flooding

Potential impact to industry: Inland flooding can 
impact manufacturing operations, power generation, 
suppliers’ property and manufacturing equipment, 
and logistics networks may be particularly impacted. 
The flood theme indicators include moderate and 
peak monthly runoff, which are driven by changes in 
precipitation. Therefore, similar to the precipitation 
indicators, flood indicators are not projected to 
experience significant change between 2020-2050 
for either future scenario. Under both temperature 
scenarios, 22-24 assets projected to have moderate 
to high exposure to flood-related physical risk 
are located in the northeastern U.S., Puerto Rico, 
Brazil, India, East Asia (China and Taiwan), and the 
Philippines. By 2050, the number of assets exposed 
to moderate and high flood risk declines, but new 
regions, including some in Texas are projected to 
have increased exposure. 

49

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
Appendix A

The higher temperature scenario shows a similar 
number of assets in similar regions with moderate 
to high risk exposed compared to the lower 
temperature scenario. By 2050, the number of assets 
exposed to moderate and high flood risk declines, 
but new regions, including in Texas are projected to 
have increased exposure. 

Sea-level rise and hurricane hazards

Potential impact to industry: The global mean sea 
level is projected to increase under all future climate 
scenarios mainly due to increased temperatures 
causing melting of glaciers and the Greenland 
and Antarctic ice sheets in addition to thermal 
expansion of ocean water as it warms. Under lower 
scenarios, the global mean sea level is expected to 
rise between 0.1-0.4m by 2050, relative to 1995-
2014 levels, whereas under higher scenarios, the 
range is between 0.1-0.6m by 2050 (IPCC, 2021). 
Locally, relative sea level rise differs from the global 
levels due to a variety of factors, including ocean 
currents, winds, and local vertical land movement 
due to tectonic movement or extraction of oil and 
gas underground. Extreme sea level events, caused 
by a combination of relative sea level rise, tides, 
and storm surge, that in the recent past occurred 
once per century are projected to occur 20 to 30 
times more frequently under the lower and higher 
temperature scenarios, respectively, by 2050  
(IPCC, 2021).

Although hurricane models are still maturing and 
local projections of storm tracks are difficult to 
simulate, hurricane models point toward an increase 
in hurricane intensity and associated rainfall. 
Modeling studies on average project an increase on 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

the order of 10-15% for rainfall rates for a 2°C global 
warming scenario (NOAA, 2023). While most models 
show either no change or a decrease in hurricane 
frequency in a warmer climate, projected increases 
in sea surface temperatures along with a warmer 
atmosphere capable of holding more water are likely 
to fuel stronger storms, with a greater proportion 
of hurricanes reaching Category 4 or 5 resulting in 
greater impacts and bigger and costlier disasters 
when they make landfall (NASA, 2022). 

Hurricane risk combines a number of climate risk 
themes including precipitation and sea-level rise. 
Because modeling of climate-related hurricane 
activity is still maturing, Eaton did not do a site-
level decadal analysis of hurricane exposure for this 
climate scenario analysis. Eaton sites and suppliers 
are at risk of amplified hurricane activity in the 
medium to long term. Eaton has manufacturing 
operations in the Dominican Republic, Puerto 
Rico, Costa Rica, U.S. Gulf Coast and U.S. Atlantic 
Carolinas coast, Philippines and Southern China 
that are geographically located where hurricane 
intensity may increase. Potential operational risks 
include employee safety and on-time deliveries and 
loss of power, communications system disruptions, 
customer disruptions and damage to property. 
Potential supply chain related risks include supplier, 
logistics and utility network disruption, and to  
refining and chemicals suppliers and import/export 
logistics networks.

Across both temperature scenarios, during the 
2020 time period, all analyzed assets have very low 
exposure to sea-level-rise-related physical risk due to 
their local distance to the coast and elevation from sea 

level. Although assets might not be directly impacted 
by increases in sea level rise, disruptions from local 
inundation may still affect productivity due to loss 
of access, communication, or power. By 2050, 
between 8 and 11 assets will have low exposure 
to sea-level-rise-related physical risk located along 
the east coast of the United States, the eastern 
United Kingdom and coastal China. By 2050 under 
both scenarios, 100% of Eaton’s assets analyzed 
have low to very low exposure to sea level rise. 
In general, climate science shows sea-level rise is 
projected to have greater impact inlater decades 
and for assets located closer to the coasts.

CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN

 Climate mitigation: reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions across our value chain 

In our operations: Mitigating climate change 
through reduced greenhouse gas emissions can 
provide operational savings in the long term, as well 
as cost savings related to current and emerging 
regulation around mandated reporting and future 
carbon pricing. Since 2018, Eaton has reduced 
Scope1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 27% 
and has a science-based target of 50% reduction by 
2030 (Figure 11). Throughout our organization, Eaton 
is continuously working to further reduce our energy, 
emissions, water and waste footprints.  

Historical carbon reductions

Projected carbon emissions

Scaling

Manufacturing electrical efficiency

Accelerating

50%

SF6 elimination

Renewable energy

Electrification & fuel switching

Green fleet

Sustaining
progress

Carbon 
offsets

100%

1,000

800

600

400

200

––

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

Figure 12: Illustration of Eaton's transition plan for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

50

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Manufacturing efficiency

2022 Scope 3 emissions

We will continue to implement capital projects that reduce electricity through more efficient and automated manufacturing 
equipment and technologies as well as building envelope and sytem improvements.

Fugitive emissions

We will implement alternative solutions to reduce fugitive emissions from refrigerants and sulfur hexaflouride (SF6) from our 
systems and processes.

Renewable energy

We will deploy on-site solar panels, energy storage and microgrids in key Eaton locations. We will add new renewables to the 
grid through off-site utility-scale solar and wind projects.

Green fleet

We have committed to deploy electric vehicles, charging infrastructure and more efficient fleets for our sales, service and other 
operational vehicles.

Electrification and fuel switching

We will switch to sustainable fuel sources where possible for processes that combust fuel on-site. Where we can’t, we’ll electrify 
processes with renewables.

Site strategy

Categories 3-10            Purchased and capital goods            Product use and end of life 

We will continue to ensure efficient operations by implementing a strategy to right-size the square footage of our buildings and 
manufacturing operations globally.

Figure 14: Eaton's 2022 Scope 3 emissions.

Carbon offsets

We will offset emissions that aren’t addressable through other levers with certified renewable energy credits and verified high 
quality carbon offsets that focus on additionality and carbon removal.

Figure 13: Eaton's Scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction levers.

We are working to both reduce our energy demand 
and green our energy supply. We are focusing on 
the  first six primary levers (Figure 13) to reduce 
our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. In 
the near-term we are not prioritizing the use of 
carbon offsets, but we may use credible carbon 
offsets in the future to meet our carbon neutral 
aims. From 2023-2025, we are prioritizing energy 
efficiency, fugitive emissions and renewable energy 
procurement that prioritizes additionality—adding 
new renewable energy to the grid.

 Growing sustainably to help our customers and the 
world decarbonize  

We are guided by our commitment to do business 
right, to operate sustainably and to help our 
customers manage power—today and well into the 
future. By capitalizing on the global growth trends of 
electrification and digitalization, we're accelerating 
the planet's transition to renewable energy, 
helping to solve the world's most urgent power 
management challenges, and doing what's best 
for our stakeholders. Eaton’s businesses are well-

positioned to take advantage of secular growth 
trends related to the energy transition from fossil 
fuels to renewables. We are responding to these 
trends by innovating solutions that transform 
the electrical power value chain, investing in 
electrical vehicle markets, increasing our focus on 
electrification, and employing digital technologies 
for power management. Eaton’s innovations are 
expected to enable the integration of renewables 
and sustainability solutions, with new types 
of equipment, services and software. These 
strategic focus areas are an important part of our 
response to climate change.

Across our value chain: Eaton has committed to 
reducing our upstream and downstream emissions 
15% by 2030. In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions were 

reduced 23% since 2018. Product use emissions 
represent 95% of our Scope 3 emissions. There 
are two primary drivers for the reduction of this 
category. The first is a shift in the sales mix of our 
solutions to more efficient technologies and lower 
carbon intensity products as well as some impact 
from the greening of the grid. The second is sales 
volume decline related to the ongoing impact of the 
pandemic on certain industries. We expect some of 
these reductions to be more permanent and some 
to change as industries recover and our company 
grows. Scope 3 emissions for all other categories 
were reduced 5% from our 2018 baseline. 

What we’re doing: 

    We are targeting $3 billion in sustainable 
research and development by 2030. Since 2020, 
Eaton has invested $900 million in R&D to grow 
our sustainable Positive Impact solutions.

   We have integrated our Positive Impact 
Framework into our new product introduction 
system to embed sustainable design into our 
core innovation processes. 

   We are improving our carbon accounting 
for product materials and use to meet our 
customers’ needs and to drive faster results 
toward our targets.

   We are engaging our suppliers in climate 
action and are consistently a leader in 
CDPs supplier engagement scores. We are 
one of 35 stakeholders participating in the 
development and piloting of the WBCSD Value 
Chain Carbon Transparency framework for 
the calculation and exchange of product-level 
carbon emissions data across value chains.

51

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Appendix A

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Financial planning: Eaton is actively managing 
its portfolio and expects to deliver higher margins 
and more consistent earnings supported by secular 
growth trends: sustainability, intelligent and 
connected products, and electrification and energy 
transition. Climate transition opportunities position 
Eaton to deliver an incremental 8-10% EPS growth 
between 2021-2026. Eaton has been working to 
formalize integration of ESG risk considerations in 
its M&A activities. Recent acquisitions deployed 
capital in businesses poised to respond to 
these opportunities: 

    Jiangsu Ryan Electrical: Eaton recently acquired 
a 49% interest in Jiangsu Ryan Electrical, which 
manufactures power distribution and sub-
transmission transformers in China, focusing on 
dry-type transformers that are a booming market 
amid an increasing renewable energy base and 
rising electricity consumption globally.

    Innovative Switchgear and Ulusoy Electrik: In 2019 
Eaton acquired Innovative Switchgear, and a 93.7% 
controlling interest in Ulusoy Electrik, to expand 
Eaton’s offerings in medium voltage switchgear and 
other equipment for utility customers, including 
more environmentally-friendly SF6-free solutions.

    Souriau-Sunbank: Eaton acquired Souriau-

Sunbank Connection Technologies in 2019 to 
enhance offerings of highly engineered electrical 
interconnect solutions for harsh environments in 
the aerospace, defense, industrial, energy and 
transport industries. Harsh environments will be 
more frequent as customers mitigate climate 
risks, making harsh environment solutions more 
important in the future. 

    Tripp Lite: Eaton’s March 2021 acquisition of Tripp 

Lite expands and strengthens Eaton’s single-
phase, uninterrupted power supply system and 
data center solutions, product lines that support 
growing demand for reliability, edge computing 
and distributed information technology in the 
face of increased energy challenges. 

    Green Motion: In March 2021, Eaton acquired 

Green Motion SA, a leading designer and 
manufacturer of electric vehicle charging
hardware and related software. This acquisition 
complements existing energy storage and 
power distribution offerings, and positions 
Eaton to grow with the global energy transition 
to electric vehicles. 

Cumulative sustainable R&D investment

D
S
U
n
o

i
l
l
i

M

1000

800

600

400

200

0

2020

2021

2022

Figure 15: Eaton's annual cumulative sustainable research and development investment.

    Reactive Technologies: In August 2021, Eaton 
made a strategic investment in the UK and 
Finland-based grid technology company, Reactive 
Technologies Ltd. Eaton is collaborating with 
Reactive on supporting utilities to cost-effectively 
increase renewable energy capacity.

    Royal Power Solutions: Eaton’s 2022 acquisition of 
Royal Power Solutions, a U.S.-based manufacturer 
of high-precision electrical connectivity 
components used in electric vehicle, energy 
management, industrial and mobility markets, 
enhances our ability to capitalize on growth 
opportunities tied to electrification. 

    Cubenergy: Eaton’s 2022 strategic investment 
in Cubenergy, a China-based energy storage 
company, also marks the beginning of a strategic 
commercial partnership on energy storage 
systems in the Asia Pacific region.  

    Jiangsu Huineng Electric’s circuit breaker business: 

Eaton recently signed an agreement  to acquire 
50% of Jiangsu Huineng Electric’s circuit breakers 
business in China. The partnership will offer an 
attractive portfolio of breakers, including tailored 
products for renewable energy applications. 

Avoided emissions: Eaton’s goals to reduce 
and neutralize our greenhouse gas emissions is 
fundamental to addressing climate change. We have 
the added responsibility of decoupling business 
growth from greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. But, 
for a power management company like Eaton, the 
impact of that mitigation is far surpassed by the 
potential of our growth strategy to address the global 
decarbonization challenge. Avoided emissions, done 
well, allow companies to make credible, consistent 
and transparent assessments and claims on GHG 

emissions that are avoided in society as a result of 
the use of a company’s low-carbon solutions. For 
this reason, we have been working collaboratively to 
create standard guidance for companies to credibly 
measure their contribution to a global net zero carbon 
future. We are a part of the World Business Council 
on Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Carbon Value 
Accounting working group that recently published 
guidance for credible accounting and reporting on 
avoided emissions. 

 Climate adaptation and resiliency

Business Continuity Management: Eaton examines 
how physical climate risks could affect our operations 
using our business continuity frameworks. Through 
this process we integrate a number of risks such 
as hurricanes, high heat, increasingly unpredictable 
weather patterns and flooding into our business 
continuity planning. As a result of this exercise, Eaton 
plans to integrate additional risks, including wildfires, 
into its future planning. Acute and chronic physical risks 
are included in our business sector risk assessments. 
Eaton develops risk mitigation plans for extreme 
weather events exacerbated by climate change through 
its Business Continuity Management (BCM) process. 
BCM is an Eaton process that requires each business 
sector to identify risks and establish mitigation and 
recovery plans for key buildings and infrastructure; 
equipment; manufacturing personnel; tooling; 
suppliers; customers; and IT to provide effective 
mitigation and recovery for Eaton’s key assets and 
revenue, while maintaining competitive advantage and 
value system integrity. BCM takes key inputs and risks 
and creates mitigation and recovery strategies to direct 
business recovery efforts in the event of a disaster. 

52

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
Appendix A

BCM is refreshed annually, with site and business 
sector leadership approving BCM mitigation plans. 
Eaton continues to grow this process to improve 
resiliency. Climate related risks have been expressly 
included in BCM planning since 2019, resulting in 
backup power assessments and deployment to 
higher-risk sites in 2020. 

We identify key buildings, infrastructure, customers, 
suppliers, manufacturing equipment, products 
information or documentation, and tooling as part of 
site-specific BCM plans. Business sectors ensure 
that their facility-level plans are current and complete, 
with a focus on backup power generation, hardening, 
efficiency and resilience of assets, systems, 
infrastructure and equipment including air filtration 
systems, HVAC systems, building materials and 
design, insurance coverage and site inspections. 
In 2022, Eaton conducted site-level tabletop 
exercises for 57 locations to validate new or refresh 
business continuity plans. All of Eaton’s sites 
deemed high risk for hurricanes were verified for 
hurricane readiness in 2022. These 14 sites were 
selected based on rating for wind hazard and wind 
speed. Hurricane readiness is defined as the site’s 
capability to implement the approved Business 
Continuity Plan (BCP).  

Eaton mitigates the impact of high heat through its 
Environmental Health and Safety program. All sites 
impacted by elevated ambient temperatures, either 
from climate or operational equipment, are required 
to assess and control health risks associated 
with working in high temperature environments. 
Engineering controls such as providing portable 
air conditioning units and installing barriers for 

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

radiant heat are deployed as needed. In addition, 
administrative controls, including employee training, 
mandatory rest and hydration breaks, modifying 
work schedules to cooler periods and supervisory 
monitoring are implemented. We are continuing 
to build on-site solar to increase the resilience of 
selected sites. 

Eaton has also created two new reporting and 
tracking mechanisms related to BCM:

    BCM Compliance Report to track completion of 
each step in the annual BCM process at the site 
and business group level.  

    Quarterly Dashboard Report to monitor closure 
and resources dedicated to corrective actions 
identified during the business continuity planning 
process, table-top exercise or actual events.

Supply chain resilience: In 2022, we increased  
our supply chain resiliency with the adoption of 
digital risk management tools to geospatially map 
our supply chain's critical suppliers, ports and 
logistics routes. These solutions sense and monitor 
current operational, geographic and climate risk 
across 5,000 suppliers and logistics nodes. These 
current risks may be amplified by future climate 
change. We completed various risk simulations for 
supply chain operational, geographic and climate 
risks. In addition, we increased our focus on 
building a more resilient supply chain with increased 
investments in multi sourcing and near shoring and 
a focus on leadtime reduction.

Summary of climate transition plan and metrics

Climate-related focus area Action plan

Target

2022 Performance

Climate mitigation

Growing sustainably

Adaptation  
and resilience 

Align capital 
deployment  
in support of  
transition plan

Implementing energy efficiency 
audits and projects, executing 
on-site and off-site renewable 
energy strategy, green fleet 
strategy and fugitive emissions 
reduction. 

Updated climate scenario 
analysis, Positive Impact 
Framework in New Product 
Innovation process, ESG due 
diligence in M&A, electrification, 
digitalization and energy 
transition strategy.

Integrate learnings from 
climate scenario analysis with 
ERM, BCM, real estate and 
planning efforts. Continue to 
deploy health and safety high 
heat programs. Understand 
climate risks and opportunities 
related to acquisitions and site 
assessments. Continue to 
deploy SCM resilience activities 
focused on suppliers and 
logistics. Implement Eaton’s 
green building policy.

Investments in Sustainable 
R&D, capital expenditures 
for energy efficiency, issued 
a Sustainability–Linked Bond 
tied to our achievement of our 
science-based GHG target.  

50% reduction in greenhouse 
gas emissions by 2030; carbon 
neutral by 2030

27% reduction (2018-2022)

75% revenue from sustainable 
solutions 

71% revenue from 
Sustainable Solutions

15% reduction in Scope 3 
emissions

23% Scope 3 reductions

Periodically monitor supplier 
and site-specific future climate 
impacts to reduce risks from 
acute and chronic material 
climate hazards in the medium- 
and long-term.

Eaton’s significant assets 
assessed for acute and 
chronic physical climate risks 
in the medium and long-term

100% of sites at high 
hurricane risks verified to be 
hurricane ready

Energy efficiency projects, 
on-site renewable deployment, 
advance offsite renewable 
strategy

27% GHG reduction 
(2018-2022)

$3B Sustainable R&D by 2030

$900M (2020-2022)

Figure 16: Transition plan metrics and targets.

53

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Appendix B

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

ESG DATABOOK AND SASB INDEX

The IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB) and the Sustainable 
Accounting Standards Board recently integrated. 
The SASB Standards identify the subset of sustainability 
issues most relevant to specific sectors. SASB Standards 

were developed based on extensive feedback from 
companies, investors and other market participants as 
part of a transparent, publicly documented process. Eaton 
reports under the Resource Transformation sector under 
the Electrical & Electronic Equipment industry. 

Topic

Metric

SASB 
alignment

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Water [3]

Surface water withdrawal from rivers, 
lakes, natural ponds (megaliters)

Groundwater withdrawals from wells, 
boreholes (megaliters)

Municipal potable water withdrawals 
(megaliters)

86

675

84

697

82

578

116

615

116

614

2,706

2,521

2,167

2,214

2,198

Topic

Metric

SASB 
alignment

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Rainwater reuse (megaliters)

4

6

3

7

7

Air 
Emissions[1]

Scope 1 greenhouse gas  
emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 2 greenhouse gas  
emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3 greenhouse gas  
emissions (metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3- (Upstream) 
greenhouse gas emissions 
(metric tons CO2e)

Scope 3- (Downstream) 
greenhouse gas emissions 
(metric tons CO2e)

Greenhouse gas emissions 
(metric tons) per $ Million Sales

Approved Science Based Target 
(y/n)

284,825

272,224

233,271

239,521

215,653

Total water withdrawal (megaliters)

3,472

3,309

2,830

2,952

2,935

700,727

587,449

496,215

503,942

504,642

172,338,809

164,838,165

140,956,167

146,979,424

132,597,720

5,818,961

5,325,287

4,176,857

4,648,747

5,528,182

166,519,848

159,512,878

136,779,310

142,330,677

127,069,538

52

N

45

N

46

Y

41

Y

35

Y

Percent of water withdrawn from 
areas with water stress

Time-specific target to reduce water 
withdrawal at the company level

Policy or commitment on water use 
reduction and to improve efficiency

Waste [2]

Total waste generated, including 
hazardous waste (metric tons)

Amount of hazardous waste 
generated (metric tons)

Amount of non-hazardous waste  
(metric tons)

NA

17%

19%

30%

30%

Target 1: By 2030 we plan to have 10% of our operations be certified zero water 
discharge. We will focus this target in water stressed areas.

Target 2: Reduce water consumption annually by 2%.

As global demand for water grows, we continue to reduce our water 
consumption and implement responsible water practices. Our processes are  
not particularly water intensive, but water is critical to many of our operations. 
And as water stress becomes more pronounced in some areas in which we 
operate, this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

170,904

193,402

166,144

183,120

185,360 

RT-EE-150a.1

3,326

4,186

4,946

6,612

5,383 

167,578

189,216

161,198

176,508

179,976 

Energy

Total energy consumed (Gj) [2]

RT-EE-130a.1

9,597,655

9,147,594

7,907,269

8,491,146

8,558,666

Percentage grid electricity [3]

RT-EE-130a.1

53.6%

49.2%

49.7%

49.3%

48.3%

% Recycled

88%

90%

91%

94%

95% 

Percentage renewable 
electricity [3]

RT-EE-130a.1

7.8%

15.0%

15.8%

15.5%

16.9%

Total waste recycled (metric tons)

150,653

174,328

151,387

171,593

176,296 

Renewable electricity (Gj)

439,701

799,729

741,292

771,112

842,791

Total waste landfilled (metric tonnes)

20,251

19,074

14,757

11,527

 9,063 

Energy Efficiency Policy (y/n)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Percentage of hazardous waste 
recycled

RT-EE-150a.1

56%

67%

72%

74%

60% 

54

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Appendix B

Topic

Metric

SASB 
alignment

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Topic

Metric

SASB 
alignment

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Y

Y

Y

Y

0

0

Y

Y

Y

0

0

Y

Y

Y

0

0

Y

Y

Y

0

0

Y

Y

Human 
Rights

Percent of sites with ISO 45001 
certificates

Percent of sites with ISO 14001 
certificates

Social supply chain management 
(y/n)

Equal opportunity policy (y/n)

Human rights policy (y/n)

Policy against child labor (y/n)

197

195

94%

100%

93%

Ethics

Business ethics policy (y/n)

RT-EE-510a.1

7%

85%

7%

85%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

1,888

1,821

1,314

1,187

1,641

RT-EE-510a.2

RT-EE-510a.3

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

Employee training on ethical 
standards (y/n)

Anti-Bribery Ethics Policy (y/n)

Employee Protection/Whistle 
Blower Policy (y/n)

Number of calls to helpline 
(whistleblower line)

Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with bribery or 
corruption

Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anti-competitive 
behavior regulations

0.23

0.21

0.17

0.15

0.16

Eaton encourages near miss (NM) and employee concern reporting as part of our 
safety management system (MESH) and promotes reporting as part of our Zero 
Incident Safety culture. NM are used as a leading indicator to identify areas of risk 
and opportunity for continuous improvement. NM reporting is tracked as a measure 
of employee engagement. In 2021, we identified potentially severe incidents (PSI) 
as part of our proactive approach to reduce serious and fatal injuries. Near miss 
reports are a primary source of PSIs.

Fatality rate

RT-IG-320a.1

0

0

0

1

1

RT-IG-320a.1

0.64

0.54

0.40

0.39

0.40

Waste

Waste Reduction Policy (y/n)

Number of reported spills

RT-EE-150a.2

Aggregate quantity of reportable
spills, quantity recovered (kg)

RT-EE-150a.2

Environmental supply chain 
management (y/n)

Existence of Environmental 
Management System (EMS)

Number of manufacturing sites, 
also called significant sites

% of sites with Risk Assessment 
performed

Lost Time Incident Rate (Total 
incidents per 200,000 hrs worked  
or 100 FTE)

Health 
and 
Safety

Near miss frequency rate

RT-IG-320a.1

Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(Total recordable incidents per 
200,000 hrs)

Health and safety policy (y/n)

Health and safety policy is  
group-wide (y/n)

Has the company set a target to 
improve H&S performance? (y/n)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Product

Safety

Number of recalls issued, total 
units recalled

RT-EE-250a.1

0

0

1 recall 
issued, 
16,776 units

1 recall 
issued,  
8,958 [3] units

Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with product safety

RT-EE-250a.2

No material 
losses

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

No material 
losses.

Percentage of products by 
revenue that contain IEC 62474 
declarable substances[4]

RT-EE-410a.1

saleable Electrical Sector finished products that contain declarable substances under REACH, RoHS and 

Eaton does not track products containing IEC 62474 declarable substances by revenue. We have 72,480 

Proposition-65. 

55

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

Appendix B

Appendix C

Topic

Metric

Product
Safety

Percentage of eligible products 
by revenue, that meet 
ENERGY STAR criteria[5]

SASB 
alignment

RT-EE-410a.2

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

499 ENERGY 
STAR 
products

221 ENERGY 
STAR 
products

351 ENERGY 
STAR 
products

418 ENERGY 
STAR 
products 

Revenue from renewable 
energy-related and energy 
efficiency-related products [6]

RT-EE-410a.3

NA

54%

62%

65%

71%

Materials
Sourcing

Description of the 
management of risks 
associated with the use of 
critical materials

RT-EE-440a.1

Governance

CEO Duality (y/n)

% Women on Board

# Female Executives

2018 Annual 
Report

2019 Annual 
Report 

2020 Annual 
Report

2021 Annual 
Report

2022 Annual 
Report 

Page 22-25 of Sustainability Report

Y

25%

114

Y

33%

120

Y

33%

126

Y

33%

126

Y

36%

140

% Female Executives

19.2%

19.9%

21.2%

21.2%

22.7%

Executive Director with 
Responsibility for CSR (y/n)

Executive Compensation 
Linked to ESG (y/n) 

Report to GRI Criteria (y/n)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Activity
Metrics

Revenue by business 
segment[7]

RT-EE-000.A

2018 Annual 
Report

2019 Annual 
Report

2020 Annual 
Report

2021 Annual 
Report

2022 Annual 
Report 

Number of employees

RT-EE-000.B

99,000

97,000

91,987

91,986

91,924

[1]   Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions have been re-baselined and restated to account for acquisitions and divestitures. Scope 3, Category 11 and 12 have been restated 

with updated methodology. 

[2]   Manufacturing operations only.

GRI CONTENT INDEX
 Statement of use
Eaton has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 
2022 with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI used: GRI 1: Foundation 2021.

GRI Standard

Disclosure

GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021

2-1 Organizational details

Location

10-K page 45

2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting

Sustainability Report page 20

2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point

2-4 Restatements of information

2-5 External assurance

2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships

2-7 Employees

2-9 Governance structure and composition

Reporting Period: January-
December 2022; Reporting 
frequency: Annually in Q2; Point of 
Contact: sustainability@eaton.com

CDP Climate Section C4:  
Targets and Performance

Sustainability Reports and 
Disclosures

Sustainability Report  
page 4, 11

Eaton 10-K page 3-4

Sustainability Report  
page 15-17, 32-33

Governance Policies and Charters

Sustainability Report page 22-23

2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body

Governance Policies and Charters

2-11 Chair of the highest governance body

Governance Policies and Charters

2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management 
of impacts

Sustainability Report page 22-23

[3]   The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected. This recall amends and supercedes the existing recall: FL-856 

(NHTSA Campaign No 20V-404).

2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts

Governance Policies and Charters

Sustainability Report page 22-23

[4]  Eaton metric includes only declarable substances regulated by ROHS, REACH (SVHC), Proposition 65 and on IHM. 
[5]  Eaton reports ENERGY STAR certified products as number of products, not percentage of products.   

[6]    For 2020-2022 the number reflects revenue from: sustainable solutions that enable electrification, energy transition, electric grid resilience, increasing efficiency 
in ground and air transportation and improved air quality. For 2019 the number reflects net sales that met at least two of our six attributes in our Positive Impact 
Solutions framework.

[7]   Revenue by business segment is a substitute for number of units produced by product category activity metric.

[8]   There is a required annual refresher training on a Harrassment Free Workplace. 

The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected. This recall amends and supercedes the existing recall:  
FL-856 (NHTSA Campaign No 20V-404). 

2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting

Sustainability Report page 22-23

2-15 Conflicts of interest

Governance Policies and Charters

2-16 Communication of critical concerns

Sustainability Report page 23-25

2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body

Sustainability Report page 22-23

56

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix C

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location

GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021

2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body

Proxy Statement page 12

GRI 205: Anti-
corruption 2016

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

2-19 Remuneration policies

Proxy Statement page 24

2-20 Process to determine remuneration

Proxy Statement page 24

2-21 Annual total compensation ratio

Proxy Statement page 63

2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy

Sustainability Report page 7

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

GRI 302:  
Energy 2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization

2-24 Embedding policy commitments

2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts

2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns

2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement

GRI 3: Material 
topics 2021

3-1 Process to determine material topics

3-2 List of material topics

3-3 Management of material topics

Governance | Sustainability 
| Eaton

Sustainability Report  
page 23-25

Sustainability Report  
page 23-25

Stakeholder engagement | 
Sustainability | Eaton

Sustainability Report  
page 20-21

Sustainability Report  
page 21

Sustainability Report  
page 20-41

GRI 201: Economic 
performance 2016

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

10-K page 24

201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to  
climate change

Sustainability Report TCFD 
Appendix page 42-53

201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

10-K page 45

GRI 204: 
Procurement 
practices 2016

204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Sustainability Report  
page 36-37

Sustainability Report  
page 23-25

Sustainability Report  
page 23-25

Sustainability Report  
page 23-25

Sustainability Report  
page 26

Sustainability Report  
page 54

Sustainability Report  
page 26

Sustainability Report  
page 26

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services

Sustainability Report ESG 
Databook Appendix page 54

GRI 303: Water and 
Effluents 2016

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource

303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts

303-3 Water withdrawal

303-4 Water discharge

303-5 Water consumption

Sustainability Report  
page 28

Sustainability Report  
page 28, 54

Sustainability Report  
page 28, 54

Sustainability Report  
page 28, 54

Sustainability Report  
page 28, 54

57

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Appendix C

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Location

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Introduction

Environment

Social

Governance

ESG Disclosures
ESG Disclosures

GRI 306: Waste 
2020

306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts

306-3 Waste generated

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

GRI 308: Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 2016

GRI 401: 
Employment 2016

GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
2018

308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 
temporary or part-time employees

401-3 Parental leave

403-1 Occupational health and safety management system

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

403-3 Occupational health services

Sustainability Report  
page 29-30

Sustainability Report  
page 29-30

Sustainability Report  
page 54

Sustainability Report  
page 54

Sustainability Report  
page 54

Sustainability Report  
page 36-37

10-K page 4 and 90

Inclusion and Diversity 
Report page 38

Sustainability Report  
page 35

Sustainability Report  
page 35

Sustainability Report  
page 35

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational 
health and safety

Sustainability Report  
page 35

403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety

403-6 Promotion of worker health

Sustainability Report  
page 35

Sustainability Report  
page 35

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts 
directly linked by business relationships

Sustainability Report  
page 35

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety  
management system

403-9 Work-related injuries

Sustainability Report  
page 35, 55

Sustainability Report  
page 35, 55

GRI 404: Training 
and Education 
2016

GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016

GRI 409: Forced or 
Compulsory Labor 
2016

GRI 415: Public 
Policy 2016

GRI 416: Customer 
Health and Safety 
2016

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Location

Sustainability Report  
page 6, 34

Sustainability Report  
page 34

Sustainability Report  
page 33

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

Pay Equity Statement

409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or 
compulsory labor

Slavery and human trafficking 
statement (eaton.com)

415-1 Political contributions

Political accountability  
(eaton.com)

416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of 
products and services

Sustainability Report  
page 40, 55

Topics in the applicable GRI sector standards determined as not material

Topic

GRI Standards 2021

Explanation

GRI 202 Market Presence

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 207: Tax

GRI 207: Tax

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 406: Non-discrimination

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 407: Freedom of association and collective bargaining

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

GRI 413: Local Communities

GRI 417:Marketing and Labeling

GRI 410: Security Practices 2016

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment. 

58

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report  
We make sustainable solutions  
for our future work.

We’re focused on making a difference in the world—improving people’s lives, the communities 
where we live and work, and the planet future generations depend on. Because this is what 
really matters. And we’re here to make sure it works. 

Learn more at Eaton.com/sustainability

Eaton Corporation plc
Eaton House
30 Pembroke Road
Dublin 4, Ireland
www.eaton.com

© 2023 Eaton
All Rights Reserved

Eaton is a registered trademark.  

All other trademarks are property  
of their respective owners.

Follow us on social media to get the  
latest product and support information.

Climate events of 2022 have given us a glimpse of what this will look like for the planet and its people.

According to the World Economic Forum, the planet saw 10 natural disasters in the year that cost society approximately 3 billion each.

But these figures don’t capture the human cost of these events it’s the lives impacted and those lost that speak to the devastating and incalculable impact of climate change.

At Eaton, we understand the irreversible losses that come with inaction.

We embrace the tremendous responsibility we have and the urgency we face to act now.

We continue to push forward in our journey to pursue our bold environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals a focus that’s reflected in our progress in the last year: We reduced our carbon footprint, decreasing our.

GHG emissions by 3% in the year and bringing the total reduction to 27%, or more than 50% of our 2030 goal.

We met a milestone in our zero waste to landfill goal, with 75% of our manufacturing sites now holding this certification against our 2030 goal of 100%.

Also, by the first quarter of 2023, we had certified 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge, meeting our 2030 target seven years ahead of our goal.

In the year, we delivered sustainable solutions for our customers and the world that represented 71% of our net sales, a 6% increase over 2021.

We continued to build engagement among our employees, achieving an 83% engagement rate among our teams and meeting our target of delivering an average of 12 hours of training for every Eaton employee.

To our stakeholders, In a sobering report published in the first quarter of 2023, the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) announced that the planet is on course to exceed the 1.5 degrees Celsius temperature threshold the world has been scrambling to avoid.

Unless nations and companies take immediate action, we will meet this potentially catastrophic moment within the next decade.

And we prioritized doing business right for ourselves and our suppliers, ensuring that suppliers representing 93% of our total supplier spend affirmed our code of conduct.

Also in the year, we issued our first sustainability linked bond, establishing a financial incentive for our company to meet our emissions reduction goals, a decisive step toward achieving our 2030 science based targets and helping to mitigate climate change.

Our vision To improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services.

Our aspirational goals Be the preferred supplier to our customers and channel partners Make work exciting, engaging and meaningful for our employees.

Make communities stronger Ensure health, wellness and safety for our employees.

Be a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry.

We’re helping our customers reduce emissions by designing low carbon technologies and solutions that allow them to add more renewable energy sources, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure to their operations.

We’re also collaborating with governments globally to accelerate the energy transition.

In the U.S., we’re working with state and federal leaders to advance the adoption of electric vehicle infrastructure, to modernize the power grid to facilitate the deployment of more distributed energy resources, and to support programs to electrify homes and achieve new levels of energy efficiency.

In Europe, we’re advocating for new regulations and legislation to eliminate SF6 gas in switchgear and to help the EU achieve its goal to become climate neutral by 2050.

Finally, we remain committed to transparently reporting on our sustainability progress, policies and performance in our 2022 Sustainability and Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures reports.

As governments worldwide continue to increase sustainability disclosure requirements, we stand ready to provide the nations where we operate and all our stakeholders visibility into the work we’re doing to halt the crippling impacts of climate change.

Despite our progress, climate science is showing that we have much work ahead of us.

Scientists indicate that we still have time to act to avoid the catastrophic consequences ahead.

We’re leveraging the full resources, expertise and passion of our teams around the world to ensure we keep the promise we’ve made to society: to protect the environment and improve the quality of life for people today and for the generations that will follow.

We’re an intelligent power management company committed to improving the quality of life and the environment.

Our products, technologies and services make a difference in the world.

The world is experiencing some of the most important secular growth trends that we will see in our lifetime: the explosive rise of digitalization and the energy transition from fossil fuels to renewables changes being driven by unprecedented growth in electrification and climate change.

We’re responding by deploying our four part sustainability strategy, which addresses environmental, social and governance issues.

It also allows us to meet today’s changing power management needs, while making good on our mission to improve the quality of life and the environment.

We’re making considerable progress in achieving our goals.

Goal: Share our minority and gender pay equity assurance results.

Consistent with our vision to improve the quality of life and the environment and as a participant in the U.N.

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through our 2030 sustainability targets.

Employee health and well being is a business priority.

Our management of employee health and safety practices and our wellness initiatives further good health and well being.

We assure fair pay equity, prioritize gender diversity in management, leadership and board composition, as well as provide programs for women to advance in STEM.

We focus on responsible water practices to maximize our efficient use of resources and minimize potential negative impacts caused by effluents.

We manufacture solutions that are used in processes that improve water efficiency, quality, sanitation and desalination.

Our solutions help to reduce emissions and waste and are also used in renewable energy, grid management and energy storage applications.

We respect human rights and require our suppliers to do the same.

Our Ethics guide sets minimum expectations for our employees and suppliers.

We offer training, apprenticeship, mentoring and employee development programs.

Our power management technologies play a key role in updating infrastructure and retrofitting industries to make them more resource efficient.

Our products reduce emissions and waste and are also used in renewable energy, grid management and energy storage applications.

Our strategic focus on inclusion and diversity and U.S. minority and gender pay equity helps to advance equality in our operations around the world.

Our products help make densely populated areas more resilient and energy efficient.

We are also innovating solutions for rural and developing areas to help power needs be met all over the world.

We are driving the movement to a circular economy one that is aimed at eliminating waste and making the best use of natural resources.

By 2030, we aim to achieve zero waste to landfill status at 100 percent of our manufacturing facilities.

We develop products that contribute to climate change mitigation and are transparent about the risks and opportunities climate change poses for our business.

We engage our suppliers in climate action and work to decarbonize our own operations.

Energy transition: replacing carbon based fuels with renewables The energy transition is changing how power needs to be managed and optimized for homes, at a facility level and for utilities.

As energy flows through the grid bi directionally and through more devices than ever before, our approach allows homeowners, businesses and communities to reduce the environmental impact of energy.

We help customers safely add more renewables, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure to their energy mix to become more sustainable and resilient while lowering energy costs.

Electrical systems typically incorporate technology from many manufacturers and get upgraded and modernized over time.

This makes it a challenge to ensure all the hardware, software and controls work well together.

Through an open communications platform, our smart breakers make it possible to accelerate energy management and monitoring, providing new ability to switch out energy sources as needed and control everything from one device.

This kind of ease and flexibility is helping accelerate electrification and the energy transition to renewables.

Vehicle manufacturers are introducing electrified models of all sizes from passenger cars to heavy duty trucks.

While batteries are most utilized in light duty vehicles, hydrogen has been identified as a promising energy carrier for long haul freight.

Hydrogen can be transformed within a fuel cell, which powers the electric motor, and can be eventually burned in a combustion engine with zero CO2 emissions.

To further support development of hydrogen technologies in the Czech Republic, Eaton joined the Czech Hydrogen Technology Platform (HYTEP).

Eaton’s membership in HYTEP will help accelerate the decarbonization of transportation.

At Eaton, we power solutions for global change in a world that needs smarter, more efficient and more sustainable power management solutions.

Companies and communities alike depend on Eaton to solve some of the planet’s toughest power management challenges.

That’s a responsibility we take seriously because we owe it to future generations to leave the world a safer and more sustainable place to live.

In our journey to optimize energy usage worldwide, we’re focused on three key priorities: the energy transition to renewables, electrification, and digitalization.

Eaton is collaborating and innovating around the world to develop integrated EV charging infrastructure to support the rapid adoption of EVs.

In Switzerland, Eaton joined forces with four other companies to build a microgrid demonstrator that will be capable of supplying electricity to local businesses and charging up to 350 electric vehicles at a time.

Additionally, Eaton is working with the EU supported Flow Consortium to develop integrated technologies and business models needed to support mass deployment of electric vehicle charging infrastructure.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Electrification: powering next generation transportation and much more The electrification of more areas of the economy, including transportation, building systems and industry, will drive a substantial increase in power demand by 2050.

We help facilitate transport electrification today and collaborate with companies around the globe to innovate the technologies of the future.

Eaton has endorsed the global Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on Zero Emission Medium and Heavy Duty Vehicles (MHDVs).

The initiative is propelled by CALSTART and calls for 30% of new MHDVs to be emissions free by 2030, and 100% of new MHDV trucks to be emissions free by 2040.

As part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work with its industry partners to overcome strategic, political and technical barriers accelerate zero emission vehicle production and deployment and increase investment and economies of scale to make the transition faster and more cost effective.

Our Breaktor technology is a new advanced circuit protection solution for battery electric vehicles (BEVs) that combines the function of fuses, pyro switches and contactors into a single coordinated device.

As electric vehicle power levels increase, the Breaktor circuit protection solution solves the ever increasing coordination challenge between fuses and contactors while offering fast, safe and reliable protection for high power battery and inverter systems.

This circuit protection technology was named a 2022 Automotive News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch.

Our Breaktor technology was named a 2022 Automotive News PACEpilot Innovation to Watch.

Our lightweight, compact EV reduction gears are designed to minimize noise, vibration and harshness (NVH), weight and cost, while maximizing motor efficiency and battery range.

EV gearing design and production is part of our complete portfolio of ePowertrain and eMobility solutions, including integrated gear and motor shafts, EV reduction gearing, and EV differentials, all designed to manage the unique torque requirements of EVs.

Our 3 in 1 battery pack vent valve for EV batteries is capable of several unique functions, including a battery case leak check mechanism, as well as passive and active venting to provide overpressure relief for a vehicle’s battery pack.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Digitalization: new connections optimize energy consumption By leveraging digital technologies including connected devices, cloud and mobile platforms, artificial intelligence and machine learning at scale, Eaton is able to transform power management making power safer, more sustainable and efficient for customers and partners.

In our 2022 Brightlayer research report, we examine the importance of factoring the energy transition into digital transformation planning and the impact that a more expansive view can have on four power critical industries: industrial, utilities, buildings and data centers.

Eaton Project Center is a collaborative, self serve digital platform that includes order management, downloadable reports and technical support.

The platform helps customers drive electrical projects from design and construction to commissioning and operation in one centralized place.

Powered by our Brightlayer platform, Green Motion EV smart breaker chargers enable fast AC charging, real time energy insights and integration with onsite renewable and energy storage systems to advance smart and sustainable energy systems.

Eaton’s Advanced Distribution Planning System (ADPS) is a model based, analytical enterprise software featuring CYME power system modeling and analyses.

ADPS helps utilities accelerate decarbonization through the increased adoption of renewable energy sources.

Figure 2: Our Brightlayer digital foundation combines deep domain knowledge with artificial intelligence, machine learning and data processing technologies.

Positive impact solutions: designed with a purpose Eaton engineers design solutions that enable our customers to conserve resources and make smart energy decisions.

That’s why we’ve committed to spending 3 billion on sustainable research and development by 2030.

We use the six dimensions of our award winning Positive Impact Framework (PIF) to design solutions that deliver a range of sustainability benefits, including reduced environmental impact, increased use phase efficiency, safety and reliability.

In 2022, 72% of our top new product development programs enabled a positive sustainability impact.

In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions have surpassed our 2030 target.

However, we expect some of this decline is temporary due to pandemic related decreases in production levels.

We are continuing our work to reduce Scope 3 emissions through shifting the sales mix of our solutions to more efficient technologies and lower carbon intensity products.

Also, category 11 emissions may also be reduced by greening of the grid and shifts in portfolio sales related to certain industries.

We expect some of these reductions to be more permanent and some to change as industries recover and our company grows.

Partnering for sustainable development Eaton is collaborating on several projects as an active member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) including engagement on the creation of WBCSD’s Avoided Emissions Guidance, which was recently endorsed by the G7 tackling Scope 3 transparency through our involvement in The Partnership for Carbon Transparency (PACT) workstream, which focuses on establishing a global methodology for accurate, primary and verified GHG emissions data exchange and participating in the Horizon Zero Aluminum Working Group pilot in partnership with Rocky Mountain Institute and the Automotive Partnership for Carbon Transparency (A PACT). We’re also involved in several other initiatives with WBCSD that include tackling systemic challenges for a sustainable transition to renewables, decarbonizing transportation, automotive supply chain decarbonization and more.

SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) is a colorless, odorless gas and an excellent insulator in electrical switchgear but it tops the list of the most potent greenhouse gases.

As an alternative to SF6, gas mixtures based on fluoronitrile C4F7N have been identified as one of the most promising candidates.

Detailing this research, three members of the Eaton’s Arc Modeling and Simulation CoE team, Venkat R. Narayanan, Mykhailo Gnybida, and Christian R mpler, published a paper entitled, Transport and radiation properties of C4F7N CO2 gas mixtures with added oxygen in the Journal of Physics D: Applied Physics.

Eaton’s publication in this prestigious international journal underlines our capabilities in this field, and the knowledge gained through this research project will be important for achieving our sustainability targets.

Eaton’s Positive Impact Framework (PIF) received a 2022 Digital Engineering Award and was recognized as a Top Sustainability Initiative in the Champion category.

As a result of the PIF adoption within Eaton, the average carbon footprint indexed within our Electrical Sector has been reduced over the last two years by almost 10% of CO2 equivalents.

Additionally, new products released over the last ten months show the potential of reducing our Electrical Sector’s year to date product related greenhouse gas impact by 5.1% of CO2 equivalents.

Carbon: the race to zero We are driving actions to decarbonize our emissions and advance a net zero future.

According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change we must limit global warming to 1.5 C and reach net zero global carbon emissions by 2050.

Our greenhouse gas reduction targets put us on a pathway that is aligned with reaching this target and have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).

We are on track to meet our goal of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions from our operations by 50% and to be carbon neutral by 2030.

We will achieve this by reducing the carbon intensity of our Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity and reductions to our Scope 1 direct emissions from natural gas, fleet emissions and process fuels.

Where emissions cannot be reduced by 2030, we plan to use carbon offsets.

At our sites around the globe, we are focused on reducing energy consumption and decarbonizing our energy supply, and have committed to rigorous, defined targets to reduce waste and water.

One of our critical sustainability goals is to mitigate climate change while improving the efficiency of our operations.

We have identified several innovative ways to promote resource use reduction that not only limit emissions and our consumption of resources, but also lower our cost of production.

Our businesses are held accountable for the implementation of these efforts by our Sustainability Executive Council led by Chairman and CEO, Craig Arnold.

Eaton’s sustainability linked notes offering represents a significant step in aligning Eaton’s long term financing structures with its ambitious environmental targets.

The sustainability linked notes interest rate is subject to the achievement of a Sustainability Performance Target (SPT) to achieve at least a 40% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by year end 2027, relative to a 2018 baseline.

Learn more about how we’re leveraging financial tools to meet our sustainability goals.

Eaton’s digital transformation involves efforts to digitalize our manufacturing footprint and drive productivity for our operations through the implementation of Industry 4.0 solutions.

Eaton’s new Digital Factory Initiative aims to have the majority of our sites in the demonstrating or higher stage of Industry 4.0 integration.

Waste: reduce, reuse, repair, recycle Our waste philosophy at Eaton centers around four key pillars: reduce, reuse, recycle, repair.

Our process starts with eliminating waste streams before they reach our facilities and then engaging partners to help us divert our remaining waste from landfills.

We are driving the movement to a circular economy one that is aimed at eliminating waste and making the best use of natural resources.

We believe that a circular mindset should be applied across the life of a product, from the way we design and manufacture it, to our ability to extend its life, give it a second life, or recycle it to re enter the supply chain.

We implement a zero waste to landfill certification program1, which is awarded to sites that consistently achieve a landfill waste diversion rate of 98% or more through either reuse, composting, recycling or incineration with energy recovery.

Each of Eaton’s zero waste sites are subjected to a third party audit process that includes verifying conformance to our definition and ensuring proper tracking and oversight practices are maintained.

For certain markets, miniature circuit breakers are made of thermoset based enclosures that are difficult to recycle and either must be landfilled or incinerated.

Through sustainable R D investments, Eaton has engineered a novel formulation based on thermoplastic material, which is recyclable with a better arc track performance during short circuit events.

This thermoset to thermoplastic conversion could support not only a circular economy through increased recyclability and reduced material consumption by 34%, but can also potentially result in reduced life cycle end of life CO2 emissions by about 52%, based on Eaton's internal screening Life Cycle Analysis (LCA).

We're currently evaluating potential applications of this material in our electrical product offerings.

Eaton’s Vehicle Group annually remanufactures thousands of transmissions, clutches, and electronic components.

Our remanufacturing process reuses more than 60% of materials that are returned.

Vehicle remanufactured products have a 20% lower carbon footprint compared to the equivalent new product, according to a recent internal life cycle assessment (LCA).

This reuse results in fewer raw materials and energy to produce and deliver the parts, saving about 2,200 MT CO2e in 2022.

Our remanufacturing strategy is one of the ways Vehicle Group is contributing to the circular economy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with manufacturing and supporting products.

Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion.

The Electric Utility Industry Sustainable Supply Chain Alliance (EUISSCA) named Eaton the grand winner of its Transforming the Supply Chain Award in the Case Study category.

Our award winning case study focused on our capacitor take back and recycling program launched in 2019 by our Power Systems Division.

The capacitor take back program is the first of its kind in the U.S. and offers the pickup, loading and recycling of any capacitor unit, regardless of age, manufacturer or condition.

The capacitor take back program has recycled more than 60,000 pounds of waste material, diverting it from going to a landfill.

Eaton was named a top company by Sustainability Magazine for our progress toward our 100% zero waste to landfill goal.

All Eaton sites have strict waste regulations, and all suppliers must adhere to the company’s minimal waste standards.

Water: active water stewardship To reduce freshwater consumption as much as possible and to ensure that water is used responsibly, we look for ways to treat water once it has been used and reuse it in downstream processes.

We recognize that the water we use at our own facilities is a shared resource.

And while our processes are not particularly water intensive, water is critical to many of our operations and our communities.

Each of our sites must maintain up to date water maps and documentation of the following sources: water intake water use and wastewater generation (including noncontact cooling water).

We implement a zero water discharge certification program where sites must consistently achieve an industrial wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less.

Certified sites must manage industrial wastewater in a beneficial manner so that at least 98% of water is recycled and reused.

Employees taking active stewardship of the environment The Green Guardians at Eaton are an active employee group focused on promoting sustainable lifestyles.

This group spearheads facility wide projects and events such as composting programs, installing LED lighting and slow flow faucets, planting community gardens and cleaning local waterways.

The group communicates regularly through an open, internal forum where employees share articles, tips and photos.

Discussions range from asking for how to advice on reducing personal fossil fuel use to sharing low carbon diet recipes.

For nearly a decade, Eaton has maintained an annual Sustainability Awards program.

In 2022, more than 130 submissions from Eaton teams showcased how local projects advance our 2030 sustainability targets.

Our Vehicle Group plant in Valinhos, Brazil, installed a reverse osmosis system to reuse a portion of the site’s treated wastewater in its cooling towers.

After implementing the new system, the site’s reuse of industrial wastewater in the plant reached 50%, getting the plant closer to achieving its zero water discharge certification and contributing to Eaton’s overall water reduction goals.

Our Electrical Sector's Eaton Power Quality Private Limited (EPQPL) Pondicherry, India, site received the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National Award for Excellence in Water Management.

The Award was conferred during CII’s Water Innovation Summit in New Delhi.

The site’s efforts toward effective water management included achieving Eaton’s zero water discharge certification, and the Dual Pipeline project, which uses treated graywater for flushing.

Inclusion and diversity: diverse perspectives power a better company When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we as individuals and as a company are stronger.

As the world shifts around us, our employees’ creativity, passion for the work they do, and deep commitment to improving the lives of others are driving innovation across our company, making it possible for us to meet the needs of our customers and stakeholders.

We stand united in our commitment to living by our values and embracing inclusion, diversity and equity inside our company and in society.

And we remain committed to putting diverse perspectives to work, today and in the years to come, to benefit all those we serve.

This is not a new journey for us, and we know there is more work to do.

By 2030, we aim to:    Achieve an inclusion index score of 80% or higher.

Our mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies.

But we can’t improve society without also looking inward.

Our employees care about creating a better and more sustainable world.

A fully engaged workforce is essential to building a happier, more satisfied workforce.

No one person or single company can advance sustainability initiatives alone.

It takes a culture of awareness, inclusion and engagement.

Strengthening our pipeline of diverse talent It is Eaton’s policy to make all decisions regarding employment, including hiring, compensation, training, promotions, transfers or layoffs, based on the principle of equal employment opportunity and without discrimination.

We actively work to strengthen our diverse pipeline of talent in support of our inclusion and diversity strategy.

Every year, Eaton recruits through its memberships with the National Society of Black Engineers, the Society of Women Engineers and the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers.

Additionally, in 2022, Eaton was recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the second consecutive year, scoring 100 out of 100 on the Disability Equality Index.

In 2022, Eaton was named a Mansfield 2.0 Certified Legal Department (MRLD) and achieved the MRLD Certification Plus designation.

These achievements indicate that Eaton has met MRLD's consideration requirement by considering at least 50% historically underrepresented lawyers for its leadership roles and exceeded it, with underrepresented lawyers comprising at least 50% of Eaton’s current legal leadership team.

We believe it is incumbent for us to remove barriers to employment and advancement by allowing individuals with prior criminal records to fairly compete for job opportunities.

By shortening the look back period on certain misdemeanors and emphasizing the philosophy when reviewing criminal flags, 82.4% of applicants with criminal convictions passed our screening in 2022.

Our IT department worked with a national company focused on creating jobs for people with disabilities, to identify individuals in their program who had the IT skills to help us manage access to internal systems.

The company held a workshop with candidates and identified four individuals who were assigned to Eaton.

Additionally, a series of workshops on understanding neurodiversity were held with the Eaton employees who would work with the new employees.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report Talent attraction and development Today’s workforce expects meaningful and engaging work with opportunities to grow and flourish.

That’s why one of the pillars of our sustainability strategy is enlisting and leveraging our employees to multiply our positive impact.

We engage with our employees through enterprise wide town halls, by hosting informal listening meetings or surveying groups of employees on specific subjects.

Community involvement and charitable giving We strive to help the communities in which we operate become vibrant places to live and work.

We serve many communities around the world, and our employees' skills and ideas reflect them.

We are proud to be active participants in our local communities, and our goal is to bring tangible and sustainable benefits to the places in which we live and work.

In 2022, we donated approximately 10 million in charitable contributions around the world.

These donations support arts and culture, community and economic development, education, environment, health and human service programs and more.

Donations are aimed at both addressing community needs and supporting employee involvement.

The team at our Cuautitl n, Mexico, site donated 35,000 to Comedores de Amor, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping children and young people in poverty by providing them with food, clothes and support for formal education.

When we support the community, we are helping to create a better world for everyone, said Benjam n Dozal, plant manager, Residential Wiring Devices (RWD), Cuautitl n, M xico.

This project has been a great way to help those who need us most.

I appreciate the support of the RWD team from Cuautitl n, M xico, for their work and passion to make this project a reality and for continuing to making what matters work.

Eaton contributed more than 300,000 to 35 nonprofit organizations in Pittsburgh and southwestern Pennsylvania.

Our regional employees are helping build a stronger community by participating in numerous regional organizations, volunteering their time and acting as stewards for the Eaton Charitable Fund.

In the region, the Eaton Charitable Fund provided support to both long standing and new recipients, including Meals on Wheels, Verland, the Matt Alterio Foundation and many other nonprofit organizations serving the community.

Ethics and compliance: we all own ethics We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the center of the business.

This means we believe everyone at our company plays a role in creating and sustaining an ethical culture.

We expect all employees to do the right thing every time.

In 2022, we were once again honored by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies.

Eaton was one of only seven companies in the Industrial Manufacturing segment to receive this recognition, and this was the eleventh time that Eaton has been recognized.

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our culture.

We nurture the right values and make clear what we mean by acting with integrity.

By continuing to meet the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect an important part of what makes us uniquely successful in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees.

Our commitment to doing business right begins at the highest levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day through the actions of our employees.

Resilient and sustainable supply chain At Eaton, we care about creating a sustainable and ethically managed supply chain to make the world a better place for all.

We strive to create transparent relationships with our suppliers, with clear expectations and explicit guidance governing the way we do business.

Our suppliers’ worker health and safety is a top priority.

We require our suppliers to affirm commitments to responsible labor and human rights practices to secure and maintain our business through our Supplier Code of Conduct.

The code is embedded in our standard terms and conditions and outlines Eaton’s expectations for supplier workplace standards and business practices, including human rights issues such as modern slavery, human trafficking and conflict minerals.

Eaton earns A for supplier sustainability engagement Eaton earned an A score for supply chain engagement from CDP, making the organization’s 2022 Supplier Engagement Leaderboard for climate action.

Our company is among the top 8% CDP assessed for supplier engagement on climate change.

Eaton’s supplier engagement rating is related to how we manage our interactions with suppliers, our supplier sustainability strategy, our upstream carbon targets and performance and our engagement with our supply chain and strategic suppliers’ sustainability.

In 2022, we targeted our largest spend and most carbon intense suppliers for engagement through CDP, engaging 50% of our suppliers by spend.

Received a Silver recognition for 2022 Top Global Champion of the Year by the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC).

Awardees for Supplier Diversity and Inclusion from WEConnect International.

Many statements in this report are forward looking statements related to projections and future plans that are based, and inherently subject to, on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns.

These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

We do not assume any obligation to update these forward looking statements.

ESG Disclosure page here: Reports and disclosures Sustainability Eaton sustainability reporting.

Eaton’s 2022 Sustainability Report covers activities and data which occurred during the 2022 calendar year at the Eaton Corp PLC level.

It describes our governance, policies, management approaches, targets, metrics and key activities for our material1 ESG issues.

It focuses on our priority issues and supplements our financial reporting in our Annual Report.

Given Eaton’s size and global operations, data is collected through various internal reporting systems.

Eaton also aligns our disclosures with reputable ESG frameworks including the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

We publish our TCFD report annually on the governance, strategy, risk management, metrics and targets related to our climate risks and opportunities, which can be found in Appendix A.

Eaton reports on all priority ESG issues identified by the SASB for our industry.

Eaton’s ESG Databook and SASB Index can be found in Appendix B.

This report has been prepared with reference to the 2021 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

GRI is an independent international organization that has pioneered sustainability reporting since 1997.

Eaton’s GRI Content Index can be found in Appendix C.

Our greenhouse gas, zero water discharge and zero waste to landfill metrics have been third party verified and are determined to be materially correct.

We verify Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions at a reasonable level of assurance according to ISO 14064 3:2019 standard.

We verify Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions at a limited level of assurance according to ISO 14064 3:2019 standard.

Eaton is prioritizing ESG disclosure processes and controls and a roadmap to more assurance of ESG data in preparation for upcoming compliance with sustainability reporting regulations in the United States and the European Union.

Eaton periodically assesses our impact on the environment, our communities and the economy.

We consider internal and external stakeholder expectations for our sustainability strategy, targets and performance.

As part of our periodic review and evaluation of our ESG Material1 topics, we ensure we focus on relevant and emerging issues that impact Eaton and our stakeholders.

Our first analysis of key sustainability topics was finalized in 2014, and in 2017 we completed our first refresh.

In 2022, we undertook a comprehensive ESG materiality assessment aligned with the latest recommendations of the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards.

Context identification: First, we defined the context by identifying the likely material topics for Eaton based on our sector.

Because GRI has not yet defined Sector Standards for Eaton’s sector, we started with the comprehensive list of GRI Universal Standards and Material topics as our basis for analysis.

We also reviewed the risks as identified by our Enterprise Risk Management process and their linkages to ESG topics.

In addition, Eaton conducted a benchmark analysis of some of our critical external stakeholders: global frameworks, disclosure standards, reporting frameworks, associations and ESG raters and rankers.

Analysis: We quantitatively analyzed external ESG frameworks, surveys, ratings and association standards to understand external views on materiality as they apply to Eaton.

Our ESG Materiality Taskforce guided and advised the analysis process.

Members of the taskforce include representatives from sustainability, Environmental Health and Safety (EHS), finance, legal, and our Electrical and Industrial sectors.

The taskforce surveyed suppliers and employees and interviewed customers and Eaton leaders across the broad range of GRI topics to understand what these stakeholder groups view as impactful to the world or significant to Eaton.

Interviewees were also asked to provide qualitative input on how Eaton’s business strategy might impact the environment and society in the future.

Investor interviews and discussion topics were reviewed and ESG topics of interest were quantitatively analyzed across the GRI topic areas.

Eaton’s senior leaders validated these findings, which were shared with our Board of Directors for input and approval.

The information contained in this report, including but not limited to any facts or forwarding looking statements, should not be interpreted as a decision by Eaton that such information is material information as that term is used or understood in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or as that term is defined by the Supreme Court in TSC Industries v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976).

Establishment of significant topics: Based on the analysis process above, the ESG taskforce created a list of priority ESG topics to form the basis of Eaton’s GRI reporting boundary.

Eaton may report on additional topics not identified, but these topics are deemed to be the most important of which to disclose our management approach and impact.

Together, these topics are expected to reflect Eaton’s significant economic, environmental and or social impacts and to enable our stakeholders to assess our company.

For each material topic, GRI recommends providing an explanation of why the topic is material and the boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of where the impacts occur the organization’s involvement with the impacts and any specific limitation regarding the topic boundary.

Ensuring education and policies are in place to promote ethical behavior, as well as the means to safely and anonymously report suspected misconduct includes management and policies to help prevent corruption, bribery and anti competitive behaviors.

Responsible consumption of energy, increasing use of renewables and alternative fuels.

Providing safe working conditions and access to resources to maintain and improve workers’ physical and emotional well being.

Employing a diverse workforce in a range of age, ethnicity, physical abilities, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or other character attributes and working to build a culture of inclusion around these different perspectives this also includes eliminating discrimination.

Taking steps to minimize the contribution of our operational footprint to global climate change the impact of responding and adapting to climate change on our business strategy and growth.

Demonstrating good stewardship of the materials included in our packaging and products, including management of chemicals and recycled content.

Managing and minimizing our waste footprint through efficiencies, recycling and reuse this also includes reduction and responsible handling of hazardous waste and e waste.

Using our water resources wisely, through reducing consumption, making efficiency gains, increasing water recycling and remediating water sources when necessary.

Developing solutions oriented products that provide environmental, health or social benefit examples of these products could include electrification, digitalization and energy transition, water efficiency and grid resilience solutions.

Researching and developing new products for Eaton and successfully integrating technological advancements to grow the productivity and value of the company.

Assessing and reducing the impact of a product from material sourcing through disposal creating products that are conceived in alignment with Design for the Environmental principles (Includes Environmental Product Declarations).

Protecting data from potential negative incidents, using customer information only for its original intended purpose (unless explicitly agreed otherwise), and ensuring the privacy and security of employees, customers and suppliers by protecting information systems from unintended or unauthorized access.

Respecting human dignity by providing a fair, living wage, promoting indigenous people's rights, and eliminating the use of underage and forced labor throughout Eaton's value chain, promoting fair labor practices and respecting workers’ freedom of association and right to collective bargaining.

Management of supply chain impacts to human rights and communities.

The upstream environmental footprint from our suppliers’ waste, water and energy consumption.

Includes spending on local suppliers, small and medium enterprises, female and minority owned enterprises.

Role of the Board from year to year, depending upon the composition of the Board at that time.

Eaton’s Board of Directors oversees Eaton’s business strategy.

Our Board works with management to consider specific issues relevant to the overall conduct of our businesses, including strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, acquisitions and other strategic alliances.

Our Board and company are focused on meeting the needs of all our stakeholders our employees, customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders.

Eaton’s enduring commitment to inclusion and diversity is exemplified in the composition of our Board.

Our Board recognizes the value of nominating director candidates who bring diverse opinions, perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to Board deliberations.

As of December 31, 2022, our Board was comprised of 11 members, and as a result of the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially ethnically diverse.

In order for a director candidate to be recommended by our Governance Committee, a candidate must have the following minimum qualifications: personal ability, integrity, relevant business background, independence, experience, expertise in areas of importance to our objectives, and sensitivity to our corporate responsibilities.

In addition, our Governance Committee looks for individuals with specific qualifications so that the Board has diversity in experience, international perspective, background, expertise, skills, age, gender and ethnicity.

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, while our management is responsible for the day to day management of the material risks facing Eaton.

Our Board has chosen to retain overall responsibility for risk assessment and oversight at the Board level in light of the interrelated nature of the elements of risk, rather than delegating this responsibility to a Board committee.

The Board is also responsible for oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management program, which identifies, assesses and mitigates our top risks, including climate related and other ESG risks (detailed on page 24).

As noted above, our Board has ultimate oversight of our risk management and Eaton’s strategic direction, both of which drive our efforts related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

The Board’s oversight of ESG includes review of environmental, community affairs, corporate governance, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, culture and human capital management matters.

Our Board regularly considers ESG issues at full Board and committee meetings.

In addition, at Eaton’s annual strategy sessions, our Board regularly conducts a detailed review of Eaton’s sustainability strategy with management.

The Board has the following committees, which meet regularly throughout the year: Audit Compensation and Organization Finance Governance and Innovation and Technology.

Figure 1: Board of Directors metrics 2As reported in Eaton’s Annual Proxy Statements. and opportunities, including climate related risks and opportunities, that fall within certain of the committees’ areas of responsibility.

At each Board meeting, the committee chairs provide updates to our full Board on the activities of their respective committees.

Audit Committee: The Audit Committee reviews Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including any related to the environment and climate, and ESG matters generally.

The committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for specific ESG related public disclosures.

Compensation and Organization Committee: The Compensation and Organization Committee is responsible for reviewing relevant matters related to the social pillar of ESG, which may include matters such as employee engagement, culture, training and development, inclusion and diversity and pay equity.

The committee is also primarily responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, succession planning and compensation matters, and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance Committee: The Governance Committee is responsible for considering relevant matters related to the environmental and governance pillars of ESG, as determined by the committee from time to time.

Eaton’s chief legal officer regularly provides updates to the committee on corporate governance and related matters.

Eaton’s chief sustainability officer briefs the committee on environmental, health and safety matters.

Eaton’s vice president, Public Affairs provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs.

Finally, Eaton’s senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance meets with the committee at each of its meetings to provide updates on ethics and compliance matters.

With the support and oversight of the Board, strategic, financial, operational, legal and compliance risks and opportunities are continually assessed at management level by Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee (SLC), which is the most senior management committee within the organization.

The SLC participates in Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management process, which is our enterprise wide risk management framework.

Within this framework, risks that could significantly impact Eaton are evaluated, including risks related to climate change.

Those identified as top risks risks that could significantly impact Eaton’s financial condition or results of operations are actively managed by clearly identified owners, including members of the SLC.

Eaton’s Sustainability Executive Council is chaired by our chairman and chief executive officer, and also includes our chief operating officers, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief human resources officer, chief technology officer, executive vice president and chief supply chain officer, senior vice president, Investor Relations, and chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System.

The Sustainability Executive Council is responsible for developing our ESG and sustainability strategy and initiatives (Figure 2).

We have a variety of incentives from compensation to recognition for climate related performance.

We assess progress to goals through our performance management system, which enables us to evaluate each leader and employee against established goals and conformance to company values.

Meeting and exceeding our sustainability goals is essential to our overall business success.

To encourage progress across our business, we provide incentives for achieving high performance.

Our corporate executives are rated against performance metrics which include aggressive annual greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets.

We leverage these performance evaluations to make compensation and other financial incentive decisions for executive leaders.

Our 2022 GHG target was aligned with our science based greenhouse gas reduction target annual linear reduction rate.

All employees participate in our performance management system.

Top level goals are set by our chairman and CEO and are cascaded down through the organization.

Our commitment to doing business right is deeply rooted in our company’s history and is fundamental to our culture.

We nurture the right values and make clear what we mean by acting with integrity.

By continuing to meet the high expectations we place on ourselves, we protect an important part of what makes us uniquely successful in the eyes of customers, suppliers and employees.

Our commitment to doing business right begins at the highest levels of our leadership and is brought to life each day through the actions of our employees.

We strive every day to drive ethics and compliance to the center of the business.

Our philosophy is based on the premise that we all own ethics.

This means we believe everyone at our company plays a role in creating and sustaining an ethical culture.

We expect all employees to do the right thing every time.

The Ethics and Compliance team is led by the senior vice president, Ethics and Compliance, whose appointment must be reviewed and approved by the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

The Ethics and Compliance team consists of experienced lawyers and other professionals around the globe.

To ensure the highest level of visibility and independence, the Governance Committee provides oversight of the Ethics and Compliance program, with the active, visible and consistent support of Eaton’s senior management.

A strong foundation: our Code of Ethics is the foundation of our commitment to doing business right.

The Code of Ethics consists of fundamental principles of ethical behavior.

Our employees, officers and directors all have the personal responsibility to read, know and comply with these principles in the performance of their duties.

Obeying the law: We respect and obey the laws, rules and regulations applying to our businesses around the world.

Maintaining integrity of recording and reporting our financial results: We properly maintain accurate and complete financial and other business records, and communicate full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable financial results and other priority information.

We have developed a system of internal controls designed to preserve the integrity of our records and information.

Respecting human rights: We respect human rights and require our suppliers to do the same.

Delivering quality: We are committed to producing quality products and providing quality services.

Competing ethically: We gain competitive advantage through superior performance.

We do not engage in unethical or illegal trade practices.

Respecting diversity and fair employment practices: We are committed to respecting a culturally diverse workforce through practices that provide equal access and fair treatment to all employees on the basis of merit.

We do not tolerate harassment or discrimination in the workplace.

Avoiding conflicts of interest: We avoid relationships or conduct that might compromise judgment or create actual or apparent conflicts between our personal interests and our loyalty to Eaton.

We do not use our position with Eaton to obtain improper benefits for others or ourselves.

We do not engage in activities or enter into relationships that compete with Eaton.

Protecting assets and information: We use Eaton property, information and opportunities for Eaton’s business purposes and not for unauthorized use.

We properly maintain the confidentiality of information and employee data entrusted to us by Eaton or others.

Acting with integrity: We do not offer or accept bribes, kickbacks or inappropriate gifts or entertainment.

We engage in business practices that are consistent with our ethics and values.

Selling to governments: We comply with the special laws, rules and regulations that relate to government contracts and relationships with government personnel.

Making political contributions: We prohibit political involvement on behalf of Eaton to political candidates or parties, even where lawful.

Managing environment, health and safety: We are committed to being a global leader in safeguarding the health and safety of our employees and protecting the environment.

Annually, targeted employees are asked to affirm that they have read, understand and will comply with the principles in Eaton’s Code of Ethics.

In addition, managers of people are also asked to certify that their direct reports received at least one hour of live ethics training annually.

Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct requires that suppliers comply with all anti corruption laws and prohibits suppliers from engaging in any form of bribery or corruption.

Eaton suppliers must affirm their commitment to Eaton’s Code of Ethics and Supplier Code of Conduct.

Third party distributors and sales agents must also confirm their adherence to Eaton’s Supplier Code of Conduct and Anti corruption Policy.

Employees who have concerns or questions about ethics and compliance are encouraged to speak up.

Managers and other leaders are encouraged to listen up by encouraging the reporting of questions and concerns.

They along with the Ethics and Compliance team follow up by responding to employees’ questions and concerns and taking necessary actions.

Eaton’s Ethics Help Line is an independent, anonymous whistleblower hotline with legal protection and a dedicated resource for employees and any other person (including customers and suppliers) to ask a question, raise a concern, or report questionable conduct or business practices.

Representatives are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and are available in multiple languages.

Eaton promotes transparency and accountability in handling ethics and compliance matters.

Matters reported to the Help Line or directly to Eaton’s Ethics and Compliance team are monitored, tracked, and reported to Eaton’s relevant leadership teams and Board committees.

In addition to the Help Line, employees are encouraged to ask questions and report concerns to their managers or Human Resources.

At a reporter’s election and subject to local law, reporting may be done anonymously.

Eaton has a strict non retaliation policy protecting employees who make good faith reports of ethics and compliance concerns.

Allegations of misconduct or questionable practices, regardless of source, are investigated as appropriate and confidentiality is maintained to the fullest extent possible.

Appropriate corrective actions are part of Eaton’s standard investigation process.

Depending on the outcome of an investigation, corrective actions may include employment action, additional training and modifications to processes or policies, among others.

Corrective action decisions are taken collaboratively, often with Ethics and Compliance, Human Resources, legal counsel and managers providing input.

Investigations also include root cause analysis, and lessons learned from key investigations are periodically shared across the organization.

In 2022, 1,641 matters were reported through the Help Line.

This translates to 1.8 per 100 employees, which is above the 2022 Navex benchmark of 1.37 matters 100 employees.

Forty one percent of matters were reported anonymously, which is below the Navex benchmark of 45%.

Forty seven percent of matters investigated and closed as of 12 31 2022 were substantiated.

Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is the company’s framework to ensure that enterprise wide, event based key risks are identified, assessed and mitigated.

Eaton’s ERM process requires a broad understanding of internal and external factors that can impact the company’s objectives and the ability to adapt to an evolving risk landscape.

Eaton leaders around the world participate in the annual risk assessment process, providing input and perspective into key operational, strategic, financial and compliance risks.

These risks are assessed based on two primary dimensions: overall impact to the company and probability of occurrence.

Key risks are reviewed at least annually with senior leadership and the Board of Directors.

A senior leader is assigned to each key risk and is responsible for overseeing and reporting on mitigation plans.

Each quarter the Board of Directors receives an update on the status of key risks and mitigation actions.

We periodically conduct anti corruption deep dive assessments of Eaton businesses based on a variety of factors that could indicate heightened risk.

The results of the deep dive risk assessments inform training strategy and other mitigation actions.

Managing our third parties: Conducting appropriate diligence on third parties is a core element of Eaton’s anti corruption strategy.

Eaton maintains a risk based due diligence program to screen certain third parties, including sales agents, distributors, suppliers and others acting on Eaton's behalf.

Before contracting with certain third parties, a background screening is conducted to identify potential risks, including those related to corruption.

In the event that a red flag is identified, further escalation and review takes place.

Eaton monitors its third party relationships on an ongoing basis for potential issues that may violate our Code of Ethics or Supplier Code of Conduct.

Our Anti corruption and Gift and Entertainment policies are also core components of our overall anti corruption strategy.

These policies are publicly available in multiple languages.

Eaton’s Anti corruption Policy strictly prohibits bribes, kickbacks or other corrupt payments as well as facilitation payments.

The policy applies to all employees, contingent workers, officers and directors of Eaton and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as Eaton’s third party representatives and other business partners.

The policy requires that Eaton, its third party representatives and other business partners comply with all applicable anti corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K.

Eaton’s prohibition of bribery is also a principle within our Code of Ethics.

Eaton’s Gift and Entertainment Policy prohibits lavish or inappropriate gifts, entertainment or travel and requires disclosure of gifts, entertainment and travel that meet certain thresholds.

The policy also applies to all employees, contingent workers, officers and directors of Eaton and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and also to Eaton’s third party representatives and other business partners.

Eaton reinforces its ethical culture and commitment to compliance through a comprehensive training program.

The risk based program delivers learning through live and online training as well as ongoing communications and outreach to employees.

Lessons learned based on internal and external matters are central to our approach and are shared transparently in the form of real life scenarios, case studies and communications, including through our annual Integrity Report to employees.

The online annual training curriculum is aligned with Eaton’s ERM program and targeted to specific employees based on their roles and responsibilities within the organization.

The curriculum is designed to provide practical guidance on Eaton’s principles and policies and mandatory instruction on topics such as anti corruption, cybersecurity, quality, global trade management, anti harassment, conflict minerals, human rights and forced labor and other key legal and regulatory areas.

We also conduct live training on anti corruption and share lessons learned, whether they arise from internal matters or external events.

Anti corruption related issues are also discussed during employee training as part of Eaton’s required annual manager led ethics training and during ethics and compliance updates with business leaders and teams.

We continually measure the impact and effectiveness of our ethics and compliance program through a variety of data and metrics, leader feedback, benchmarking, employee surveys and external assessments.

In 2022, we commissioned an external review to assess our Ethics and Compliance program against leading regulatory standards and practices and identify opportunities to enhance effectiveness.

Our Internal Audit team routinely includes ethics and compliance topics within the scope of its audits.

In 2022, 42% of audits included anti corruption test steps.

Internal Audit also monitors business expenses for irregularities and audits Eaton’s Gift Registry, the disclosure tool required for gifts and travel that meet certain thresholds.

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (EBS), is a member of Eaton's Senior Leadership Committee (SLC), and reports climate related and environmental issues including waste reduction, hazardous materials management, water usage and energy, on a quarterly basis.

The SLC is the highest level non Board committee, and its members report directly to the Board of Directors on major corporate and business issues.

Results on material1 risks, including climate change issues and other environmental topics, are reported to the Board of Directors on an annual basis or more frequently depending on circumstances, and other risks are reported as scheduled.

In the case of climate change, all aspects are included in the twice yearly report out to the Board by the CSO and EVP, EBS.

Eaton is committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our operations and products wherever we do business and to continuously improve our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) performance.

It is the responsibility of every employee to meet this EHS policy.

To that end, Eaton applies a standard group of practices worldwide for energy and water consumption, waste generation and other environmental impacts.

Eaton is guided by MESH (Management of Environment, Safety, Security and Health), a globally deployed, unified system which consolidates existing programs into one integrated management system.

All Eaton facilities worldwide work toward consistent goals, applying the same metrics, setting targets for improvement and identifying and sharing best practices.

Most importantly, MESH elevates EHS from a series of isolated activities to a responsibility shared by all Eaton employees.

MESH is also designed to conform with international standards such as ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 ISO 45001.

Functional leaders in partnership with the businesses develop risk mitigation plans that are integrated into Eaton’s strategic planning and profit planning processes.

Greenhouse gas, water, waste and energy reduction targets are established both annually and long term.

These environmental targets are approved by the Chairman and CEO.

Greenhouse gas emissions, water use and waste metrics are reported quarterly to the businesses, senior leadership and the Board.

Eaton continually seeks to learn from and to replicate practices that increase efficiency and help incorporate renewable energy into our operations.

Through our Eaton Business System, we have procedures for continuous improvement and sharing best practices across the enterprise.

We align our greenhouse gas accounting methodology with the GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our practices are aligned with global standards.

Our businesses report on environmental performance to the CEO annually during Environmental Operations Reviews.

In support of our mission to improve the quality of life and environment, we are part of the global movement to limit the increase of the world’s temperature to 1.5 C by committing to science based targets.

A science based target is an objective, scientific evaluation of what is needed for global greenhouse gas emissions reduction to limit catastrophic climate change.

Our Management of Environmental Health and Safety (MESH) Policy includes our policy for environmental topics including energy use, the primary driver of our operational greenhouse gas emissions.

Implement energy efficient solutions in our operations, optimizing renewable energy generation and purchases, greening our energy contracts and, in the future, purchasing carbon offsets where necessary.

Regular meetings of a chartered executive sustainability council chaired by our CEO to provide oversight and enhance accountability and alignment on our sustainability strategy.

Invest in sustainable research and development targeted at creating sustainable solutions for our customers that reduce our value chain emissions.

Increase renewable energy use and electrification of scope one sources.

Energy efficiency: In 2022, Eaton completed ASHRAE Level 2 Energy Audits at 40 major manufacturing locations to create an updated strategic capital investment program focused on energy efficiency.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions through energy efficiency is a key action area in Eaton’s carbon reduction roadmap.

Eaton implemented 103 energy efficiency related capital projects at our manufacturing sites to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.

Renewable energy: Eaton continued to pursue multiple strategies for increasing renewable energy including an off site utility scale renewable Virtual Power Purchase Agreement in North America.

Eaton also installed new on site renewable energy at three additional sites in 2022, bringing Eaton’s total number of solar installations to 22 with an annual on site renewable energy production capacity of 11,170 MWh.

This represents about a 7,773 MT reduction in Eaton’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

Eaton also formalized a green building requirement for new construction and major renovations.

Results driven standards and payback, where applicable.

Supplier engagement: Eaton has been engaging with key suppliers through CDP since 2007.

During our 2021 supplier engagement, we shifted our strategic focus to assessing the climate action maturity of our supplier base.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report    Environment Disclosures capability to take climate action and to identify additional areas of opportunity for collaboration.

Using a data driven approach, we hosted several supplier webinars on the quantitative and qualitative aspects of climate action including how to get started with a GHG inventory, risk analyses and target setting.

We followed up with technical support as needed and provided additional improvement guides at the end of the disclosure cycle.

Targets and metrics: By 2030, our goals are to achieve a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (our 1.5 C aligned science based target) from operations and reach carbon neutral operations.

To discover and design the solutions that enable our customers to conserve resources and make smart energy decisions, we have committed to spending 3 billion in research and development by 2030.

We are working with our suppliers and customers to meet our science based target for a 15% reduction in indirect Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.

Figure 5: Climate and Energy KPIs Manufacturing3 operations only.

As global demand for water grows, we continue to reduce our water consumption and implement responsible water practices.

Our processes are not particularly water intensive, but water is critical to many of our operations.

And as water stress becomes more pronounced in some areas in which we operate, this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

Eaton uses the MESH management system to manage its stewardship of water resources.

The water management and conservation element establishes internal standards that require compliance with all regulatory requirements and minimization of any impact of water releases to the community and the environment where the plant operates.

The storm water management element establishes management procedures to minimize stormwater being exposed to industrial activities.

In 2021, Eaton implemented its zero water discharge program, which is an internal certification for manufacturing sites.

Eaton defines zero water discharge as consistently achieving an industrial wastewater discharge rate of 2% or less.

A key focus of our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint is decreasing our water use.

By 2030, we aim to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge sites.

We are on track to meet our target with 8% of our manufacturing sites having achieved zero water discharge.

Additionally, we've reduced our global water usage by 15% since 2018.

We achieve our zero water initiatives by redesigning our industrial processes to reduce, reuse and recycle process water.

We use third party verification to ensure the quality of our program.

In 2022, Eaton continued to focus on water reduction and recycling, especially at our sites in regions ranked as high baseline water stress by World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.

This year, Eaton certified nine sites zero water discharge including sites in India, China, Mexico and Morocco.

Targets and metrics: Our primary water target is to certify 10% of our manufacturing sites as zero water discharge by 2030.

Additionally, Eaton has an annual water use reduction target of 2%.

We focus our waste reduction efforts on diverting waste from the landfill in order to reduce our environmental footprint, conserve valuable operational resources and help the communities that we serve.

Eaton’s MESH Waste element establishes the characterization and management of wastes or byproducts which are either disposed or recycled, including the disposal or reuse of manufacturing equipment at Eaton’s facilities.

In addition, waste management must include waste minimization goals to reduce waste generation, thus minimizing a site’s waste disposal footprint.

We are working to reduce waste across our entire value chain by focusing on packaging, product materials, our own operations and managing end of life solutions.

A key focus of our footprint reduction is reducing waste.

By 2030, we aim to achieve zero waste to landfill status at 100% of our manufacturing facilities.

We are on track to meet our target with 75% of our manufacturing sites having achieved zero waste to landfill (ZWTL) status1.

Currently 95% of manufacturing waste is diverted from landfill.

We achieve our ZWTL initiatives by reuse, recycling, composting and incineration for energy generation.

We use third party verification to ensure the quality of our program.

In our operations, we focused this year on solutions for difficult waste streams to continue toward zero waste by partnering for innovation.

Figure 10: Annual percentage of waste diverted from landfill. 4 Waste diversion from landfill includes recycling, reusing, or incinerating with energy recovery.

Eaton's internal certification requires 98% diversion, but has a different threshold for waste to energy.

ESG Disclosures extended producer responsibility programs.

In addition, as Eaton continues to use its Positive Impact Framework, more solutions will be circular by design.

Our remanufacturing business recovers end of life units (cores) from the market and returns them to like new condition and performance.

Our Electrical Sector power capacitor unit takeback and recycling program recycles nearly all the component material and has, to date, recycled more than 60,000 lbs.

This program is available in the U.S. and includes site pick up, loading and recycling of any capacitor unit regardless of age, manufacturer or condition.

In our Vehicle Group, Eaton remanufactures thousands of transmissions, clutches and electronics each year.

Our commitment to remanufacturing helps our customers save money and it maximizes the reuse of materials, saves energy and reduces emissions and waste.

Targets and metrics: By 2030, we aim to certify 100% of our manufacturing sites as zero waste to landfill.

We define zero waste to landfill as consistently achieving a landfill waste diversion rate of 98% or more through either reuse, composting, recycling or incineration with energy recovery where the heat generated by incineration is collected and used.

Each of Eaton’s zero waste sites are subjected to an audit process that includes verifying conformance to our definition and ensuring proper tracking and oversight practices are maintained.

We also have an annual landfill waste reduction target of 2%.

Product Development, R D and Innovation is the primary responsibility of the executive vice president and chief technology officer.

We have corporate research teams in the United States, China, India, Ireland and the Czech Republic.

Our data science teams work to expand our digital platforms and capabilities.

We collaborate with a robust ecosystem of partners that include academia, government agencies and research incubators.

PROLaunch is Eaton’s integrated processes designed to guide our program and project management processes, including product development from concept through production launch.

These products include Eaton's wide variety of solutions that improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The SDG patent alignment chart reflects active patent families in November 2021.

We track revenue from Eaton’s portfolio of sustainable solutions that enable electrification, energy transition, electric grid resilience, increasing efficiency in ground and air transportation and improved air quality.

Deemed clean tech by some stakeholders, these solutions align with the U.N. SDGs.

We measure success by several KPIs, including sustainable R D investments, percentage of New Product Innovation that meets the criteria of our Positive Impact Framework, the reduction of Scope 3 embedded carbon and use phase carbon in our solutions, how our solutions help our customers reduce their own emissions and how our solutions contribute overall to a low carbon future.

We also track how our patent families align with the U.N. SDGs.

Progress on these KPIs is reported regularly to a Steering Committee and biannually to the Sustainability Executive Council.

We continually take environmental concerns into account as a part of our product design process.

The principal objective of Design for the Environment (DfE) is to reduce the overall impact of a product across its lifecycle: production, distribution, use and end of life.

We have designed and integrated our Positive Impact Framework into our new product innovation system.

We are tracking the greenhouse gas reduction potential of new products with internal targets to continue to drive improvements in the sustainability of our portfolio of solutions.

Innovation advancing UN Sustainable Development Goals: Eaton’s patent portfolio is advancing several U.N. SDGS (Figure 11).

Using output from the LexisNexis PatentSight platform, Eaton has assessed the sustainability of our patents.

In Eaton’s patent portfolio, 27% of the active patent families advance at least one SDG.

Eighty percent of Eaton's patent families are aligned with Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure (SDG 9), Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 7) and Climate Action (SDG 13).

The trend is increased alignment of Eaton’s active patent portfolio with the UN goals with a 3% increase from 2014 to 2022.

We expect our alignment to continue accelerating as evidenced in 2020 and 2021, reflecting Eaton’s strategy.

Invest 3 billion in sustainable research and development between 2020 2030.

Reduce Scope 3 emissions 15% by 2030 relative to our 2018 baseline.

Emissions from product use (Scope 3, category 11) represent more than 95% of Eaton’s total Scope 3 emissions.

Our Board Members jointly oversee all corporate activities and targets.

Led by our CEO, the Global Inclusion Council (GIC) and four Regional Inclusion Councils (RICs) meet regularly to determine our strategy, objectives and initiatives.

Our Global Inclusion Council, made up of the Senior Leadership Committee members, leads our efforts by working with our four Regional Inclusion Councils.

Regional Inclusion Councils are comprised of business leaders from each region who tailor their efforts to the region in which they work.

Regional Inclusion Councils engage with and support the work of our Inclusion Eaton Resource Groups.

Our vice president of Global Inclusion and Diversity, who reports to the chief human resources officer, leads a team that provides direction, expertise and coordination for all our inclusion and diversity efforts.

This team engages with the Global Inclusion Council on a biannual basis and the Board of Directors on an annual basis.

All leaders are responsible for ensuring their functions and organizations are inclusive and diverse and every employee is responsible for creating an inclusive environment.

All leaders have access to global and regional inclusion and diversity tools to ensure their functions and organizations are inclusive and diverse.

Eaton's Global Inclusion Council develops goals for inclusion and diversity.

Regional Inclusion Councils are responsible for executing on global goals and setting regional goals for measuring progress on regional priorities.

All leaders determine specific goals and targets for their function or organization, based on high level priorities determined by the Senior Leadership Committee and Regional Inclusion Councils.

These include action based inclusion goals, which are part of the performance goals for leaders.

Inclusion ERGs provide enterprise wide and site level support to attract, retain and develop talent in support of business goals.

All Global Inclusion Council members are executive sponsors for an iERG.

To continuously improve our program, Regional Inclusion Councils and all leaders gather feedback on opportunities for improvement in creating a more inclusive culture.

Successful initiatives developed by the iERGs or Regional Inclusion Councils may be escalated to the corporate level Global Inclusion Council for consideration as a best practice to pilot in other areas or enterprise wide.

The Global Inclusion Council meets biannually, and reviews the annual progress update from the Global Inclusion Diversity team, which includes representation metrics, iERG metrics and other measures of progress, such as employee and exit surveys.

Periodically, sector, business and Regional Inclusion Councils present their accomplishments and progress to the Global Inclusion Council.

Annually, the vice president of Inclusion and Diversity, who heads the global inclusion and diversity team and reports to a member of the Senior Leadership Committee, reports progress to the Board of Directors, including diversity representation, iERG participation and projects, and progress on inclusion and diversity initiatives and programs.

Key actions We remain committed to putting diverse perspectives to work, today and in the years to come, to benefit all those we serve.

This is not a new journey for us, and we know there is more work to do.

We simplified our online tool for requesting flexible work and encouraged employees to decide what worked best for their roles with their managers.

Employees who use our flexible work options continue to increase.

By the end of 2022, the number of employees participating in a flexible work solutions program was 7,808, which is 9.5% of our global workforce.

Flexible solutions, which were in place well before the global pandemic, include compressed work weeks, remote work, job sharing, part time, flextime and telework.

Telework, which is defined as working some days at an Eaton location and other days at a non Eaton location, continues to be the most utilized solution, with more 58% of our employees who use a flexible work solution opting for it.

Such inclusive programs improve the lives of our employees at work and at home and help us remain competitive in attracting and retaining the best talent.

We now highlight flexible solutions on our careers website and in job postings.

Eaton’s focus on supporting and growing our Inclusion Eaton Resource Groups (iERGs) brings together employees who share a common purpose, interest or background.

They identify priorities, build cultural competency, engage in business projects and get involved in talent initiatives.

Members also provide feedback and ideas on how we can drive inclusion and diversity.

Everyone at Eaton is encouraged to participate in an iERG, and anyone can join any number of them.

Each group has at least three executive sponsors from our global leadership team who meet quarterly.

In 2022, our iERGs grew 17% (or by one percentage point) from 11,600 members to more than 13,500.

They also helped Eaton attract talent, with more than 25% of referrals for new hires coming from iERG members.

Additionally, nearly 800 iERG members served as talent scouts at recruitment events for campus recruiting.

Internally, our members engaged employees on a global scale with nearly 125 learning events.

Topics covered everything from career building to the importance of using personal pronouns in the workplace.

Finally, our retention rate and career progression rate of iERG members were higher than non iERG members.

Eaton global employment diversity the Valuing Inclusion and Diversity at Eaton The Power of Perspectives (VID) course.

This experience is offered globally and targets leaders of people to increase awareness of personal biases, develop inclusive leadership skills and advance a culture of inclusion.

This learning solution was piloted with 500 participants in 2019 and has helped leaders identify and label five types of bias and develop behaviors to mitigate this in decision making.

The goal is to stop bias at its source and reinforce inclusive leadership behaviors.

The four week sprint format was so well received that in 2022, we offered an additional 500 licenses across our sectors and business units to leaders who completed VID learning.

Figure 15: Eaton global employment diversity, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Maintain or exceed current representation of women and U.S. minorities on our Board of Directors and senior leadership team.

Increase representation of salaried10 U.S. minorities to 34%.

Number should reflect the total number of employees that are a part of an ethnic minority (excludes White (Not Hispanic or Latino) and Not Specified ).

Figure 16: Eaton global employment by age, as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Talent development is the responsibility of managers of people, with the executive vice president chief human resources officer (CHRO) leading our talent development strategy.

Our Global HR Function and the Global Talent and Learning Center of Excellence (COE) advise leaders on the attraction, engagement and development of employees.

Our Global Total Rewards COE develops compensation and benefit programs that are integral to the attraction, engagement and retention of employees.

The CHRO and COE leads regularly engage with the Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board on talent and total rewards and with the Board of Directors annually on the development of talent for succession planning.

The Global Talent and Learning and Total Rewards COEs set the approach for executing our strategy to attract, engage, develop and retain talent in a growth culture in an integrated talent model.

The Global Talent and Learning COE and the Total Rewards COE work in partnership to execute integrated services and processes designed to create a positive and growth oriented experience for our employees’ entire life cycle.

This enhances our competitive ability to engage employees in building their careers at Eaton.

Employee listening surveys and formal talent reviews are among the processes we use to assess progress.

Employee listening surveys help us monitor the employee experience (from onboarding through exit) and how it influences our success.

Leadership, in partnership with the HR Function and Global Talent and Learning COE, monitors the results and uses them to inform our approach to talent and development.

Based on feedback from employees, actions in 2022 focused on enabling employees to grow and develop for the future.

Enabled our leaders to further support employee growth through two leadership development learning sprints, one focused on deliberate development and another on enabling careers.

Created and deployed a digital mindset curriculum to support employees’ continued development in this important space for our business.

This curriculum was accessed by 7K employees in 2022.

In 2022, we expanded our formal global mentoring program to include over 900 mentees, 53% of this population are women and 34% of them are U.S. minorities.

To be competitive in the marketplace, we focus on attraction, engagement, development and retention targets.

Success is measured through key performance metrics focused on outcomes mentioned above.

The team takes feedback seriously, using it to continuously improve the function by acting on opportunities gathered from surveys of our candidates, new hires and hiring teams.

Our 2030 sustainability target is to provide an average of 12 training hours per employee, annually.

Eaton is committed to equal opportunity, pay equity, inclusion and diversity and has established processes that drive equitable pay decisions.

At Eaton, we analyze internal and external pay data as well as the structure of our compensation programs, policies and practices to ensure employees are paid appropriately.

When we do find instances in which individual employees are not paid commensurate with their job duties, experience, qualifications and performance, we address them to ensure employees are paid equitably for equal or similar work.

Care of our employees and the environment is the responsibility of all leaders.

The corporate environmental, health and safety (EHS) team provides functional and thought leadership and is led by the chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (EBS), who is a member of the Senior Leadership Committee.

Each business is supported by EHS business leaders who regularly engage with EHS regional leaders to support site level activity.

The Eaton MESH Management System global minimum standards implement the company values and commitments outlined in the Environmental, Health and Safety Policy and are deployed across Eaton.

Eaton defines MESH as its management system to address environmental, health and safety and security (EHS) related activities.

The foundations of MESH are the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards and MESH is established in conformance with both standards.

The management system provides a framework for systematically identifying and managing EHS risks, impacts and opportunities.

It also guides the businesses on integrating the management system into their strategic planning and operational processes to drive accountability, results and continual performance improvement.

Working safely is a condition of employment at Eaton.

We require employees to follow established safety procedures.

Our safety principles and expectations are detailed here.

Our Safety Principles require everyone to be responsible and accountable for recognizing and correcting at risk behavior or unsafe conditions.

The company will not permit retaliation against an employee who in good faith reports a safety violation.

Employees who violate core safety requirements may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.

We consider these expectations to be absolutes, because a violation could result in serious injury or even death.

In support of overall business goals, the environmental, health and safety team determines EHS goals with guidance from the CEO and approval from the Senior Leadership Committee.

The Senior Leadership Committee regularly receives the results of operational EHS performance assessments, including any severe injuries and the recordable incident rate.

The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president of EBS, who is a member of both the corporate environmental, health and safety team and Eaton's Senior Leadership Committee, reports to the Board of Directors on various EHS matters monthly, quarterly and annually.

In 2022 we continued focus on our Zero Incident Safety Program.

We strategically select the sites based on recent health and safety performance and existing safety culture.

The program seeks to improve the health and safety of our employees while rigorously nurturing a Zero Incident Safety Culture.

Eaton’s Safety Awards program honors those sites with outstanding safety performance.

These awards recognize sites that practice outstanding safety performance.

We also focus on environmental regulatory compliance with the deployment of our Environmental Excellence focus site program.

Our 2022 Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR) of 0.40 is below what we define as a world class safety rate.

Our 2030 goal is to reach 0.25 TRCR (also known as TRIR).

Eaton's executive vice president, Supply Chain Management leads our One Eaton Supply Chain Management philosophy, which reflects our core values and our commitment to doing business right.

Our expectations for suppliers serve as an extension of these principles and our shared commitment to responsible sourcing practices.

The EVP, SCM oversees the policies and procedures that govern Eaton's supplier management and sourcing practices and is also a member of Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee.

The EVP, SCM reports periodically to the Board on critical matters related to Eaton’s supply chain management activities.

Eaton's Supply Chain Management function works with our supply base to ensure suppliers can efficiently and effectively support our businesses.

Create value to our shareholders by driving effective cost management and operational efficiencies.

Provide risk management, governance and compliance.

Train and communicate to increase awareness and understanding.

Supplier diversity opportunities for both Eaton and our suppliers.

As part of our One Eaton Supply Chain Management philosophy, Eaton’s Supply Chain Management organization undertakes rigorous annual examination processes in order to identify and mitigate a broad spectrum of supply chain risks, including critical supply and or critical materials.

Our Risk Assessment Process includes a risk scan of external sources, intelligence gathering and internal alignment of the risk landscape.

We evaluate risks based on severity and probability and develop specific mitigation strategies to address these risks.

We identify risks at the issue level and apply our evaluation across the spectrum of our business activities.

For each identified risk, we explain how we are currently mitigating it based on specific activities.

We monitor this process quarterly to account for any changes.

Additionally, SCM has established risk identification and contingency planning guidelines.

These guidelines may be used for an ongoing sourcing process or to assess the stability of an existing supplier.

Provide an overview of the approaches to identify potential risks within the supply base.

Introduce processes and templates to validate potential risks and impacts resulting from supplier failures.

Provide a recommended checklist to initiate contingency planning and actions.

At Eaton we strive to engage a diverse supply base reflecting the communities where we live, work, and serve.

We actively seek to provide opportunities to businesses that include small, veteran owned, disabled owned, minority owned, LGBTQ owned, women owned, and historically underutilized business zone suppliers.

Eaton believes that our corporation, our communities and our customers benefit from providing equal opportunities for diverse enterprises to compete for Eaton business.

Our suppliers are our business partners, and it is important that these partnerships reflect the communities where we live, work and serve.

Active solicitation of diverse suppliers helps us realize our aspirational goal of becoming a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry and operationalizes our belief in the power of diversity.

Supplier diversity takes root as part of the procurement infrastructure and seeks to create an inclusive supplier pool for contracting, purchasing and outsourcing, using various proactive strategies.

An Advisory Council and supplier diversity team responsible for implementing a corporate wide diversity program and process.

An evaluation of existing supply chain to identify significant opportunities for diverse suppliers (inclusive of e procurement online bidding activity).

A diversity supplier directory and policy posted on the Eaton intranet.

The development of strategies by product line and establishment of strategies to cultivate alliances with targeted suppliers (mentorship program).

The participation in diversity business organizations and councils.

In addition to our efforts with our Tier 1 suppliers, Eaton supports a Tier 2 Program through which we work with our suppliers to create more opportunities for diverse owned businesses.

Eaton requires all suppliers who participate in our Tier 2 Program to submit reports detailing their purchases from diverse suppliers every quarter.

We believe that our company, our communities and our customers benefit from providing equal opportunities for diverse enterprises to compete for Eaton business.

We ask suppliers to affirm our supplier code of conduct and track their status in addition to their acceptance as part of Eaton’s standard contractual terms and conditions.

We also ask for adherence to all local and regional trade management regulations.

We have updated and simplified our Supplier Site Assessment (SSA) process.

This process provides a deeper analysis of supplier performance and includes evaluations of supplier EHS and product stewardship practices.

The SSA results are reviewed to identify any gaps which may exist in the supplier operations and a formal corrective action plan addressing the identified gaps, if any, is required prior to conducting business.

Hosted a supplier engineering and sustainability event with key plastics suppliers to discuss innovation and opportunities for carbon reduction.

Leveraged the Responsible Business Alliance's (RBA) responsible labor toolkit to perform gap analysis of contingent labor provider agreements.

Deployed training on modern slavery and human trafficking to all functions within Eaton.

Added the topic of sustainability to the Supply Chain Management (SCM) annual bootcamp, ensuring SCM teams understand their role in meeting company 2030 sustainability targets.

Hosted continuous improvement event and learning workshop in Pune, India, on product stewardship, conflict minerals and center for sustainability, identifying areas of overlap in our processes and sharing best practices for due diligence and achieving supplier compliance.

Continued executing our fleet electrification strategy with policy updates published and driver surveys completed.

In 2022, we strengthened our supplier diversity program, purchasing approximately 1.7 billion in goods and services from small and diverse suppliers, increasing our spend with minority owned businesses by over 10% and nearly doubling our spend with LGBTQ led suppliers.

Our overall spend with small and diverse suppliers represented 32% of our overall spend with U.S. suppliers.

Targets and metrics: Eaton’s Supply chain function has targets related to environmental and social impacts including 20% supplier diversity spending and a 15% reduction in Scope 3 emissions by 2030.

Eaton has internal KPIs related to supplier engagement on sustainability and fleet electrification.

Figure 19: Annual diverse supplier spend by percentage U.S. supplier spend and in USD.

Each year, Eaton donates to organizations in our communities around the world.

These donations support arts and culture, community and economic development, education, environment, health and human service programs and more.

Grants reflect the focus defined by each local involvement team, address a community need, and support employee involvement.

Nearly 75% of donations go to health and human services organizations, with 20% supporting education and 5% to cultural and arts organizations.

Eaton charitable contributions are made possible by donating a portion of our pretax revenue to worthy causes.

Charitable contributions in the U.S. are granted through the Eaton Charitable Fund, which is overseen by a Corporate Contributions Committee consisting of senior Eaton executives appointed by the CEO.

This Committee also evaluates and approves charitable contributions made outside of the U.S. and are paid through the business in each country.

The Community Affairs function responsible for these programs reports through the Corporate Human Resources team and, ultimately, the chief human resources officer.

Eaton encourages community involvement, believing that doing so creates healthy, sustainable communities and business facilities.

The talent, energy and skills that our employees donate to community projects hold significant value for us as well as the communities we serve.

Our volunteers benefit from the satisfaction of accomplishing necessary work, expanding their social connections, learning creative problem solving and increased well being.

We find that employees who volunteer with local organizations are more committed to their community and feel more fulfilled at home and work.

Many of our facilities have created community involvement teams, which tailor site activities to the needs of their local communities.

Our community involvement teams foster higher employee participation and a strong sense of pride.

Their individual efforts and contributions directly benefit the places where they live and work.

ESG Disclosures where our employees serve on the Board.

Eaton Charitable Fund grants are also made available to our sites, commensurate with facility size.

Our approach helps ensure local employees decide how to allocate resources where they are needed most.

Our employees take pride in determining where we invest our time and money.

In 2022, we donated approximately 10 million in charitable contributions around the world.

Supporting United Way for more than 100 years: Philanthropy and involvement in our local communities is a fundamental component of our identity.

Eaton’s founder, Joseph O. Eaton, helped create the Cleveland Federation for Charity and Philanthropy in 1913.

Inspired by his leadership, our giving strategy is intensely local by design.

In the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, we commit to the United Way through an annual campaign.

And for every dollar pledged by an employee, Eaton contributes 50 cents.

Annual Stover Awards recognize volunteer accomplishments: Every year, we recognize the accomplishments of employees who volunteer in their communities with the Stover Award for community service.

Any Eaton employee can nominate full time employees who demonstrate leadership or service in community organizations.

The senior vice president within each business unit appoints a selection committee to review nominations.

Positive impact of the employee's involvement in both the organization and the community.

Extent to which the nominee has demonstrated leadership or unwavering dedication to the organization.

Volunteer service with other nonprofit community organizations.

Letter(s) of commendation from the organization for which the employee volunteers.

Stover Volunteerism Award recipients each receive a commemorative award, a check for U.S. 5,000 payable to the nonprofit organization of their choice, and special recognition by our chairman and CEO at a formal ceremony.

The Eaton Charitable Fund: The Eaton Charitable Fund supports arts, education, culture and social service programs that improve the quality of life in our communities.

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of Directors meets annually with the vice president of Public Affairs to review our policy on political spending to ensure compliance with our policies.

We commit to disclose political donations and or lobbying expenditures.

Eaton political activity and advocacy is guided by our Code of Ethics which specifically states: We do not make contributions on behalf of Eaton to political candidates or parties, even where lawful.

We operate a federal political action committee, and use our employee contributions to support candidates we feel can help advance a business community agenda.

Eaton does not, however, make contributions to 527 groups or make independent expenditures directly related to candidates or campaigns.

From time to time, Eaton will support issue campaigns that have an impact on the communities in which we live and work.

No such contributions are made without the approval of the vice president of Public Affairs and chief human resources officer.

These contributions are never based on political preferences of our executives.

Eaton does support lobbying initiatives in alignment with issues of importance to the company through personal contact by employees, contact by lobbyists under contract to Eaton, and by trade associations of which Eaton is a member.

The Governance Committee of Eaton’s Board of Directors meets annually with the vice president of Public Affairs to review our policy on political spending to ensure compliance with our policies.

We commit to disclose political donations and or lobbying expenditures.

In 2022, we endorsed the Global Memorandum of Understanding propelled by CALSTART calling for 30% of new Medium and Heavy Duty Vehicles (MHDV) to be emissions free by 2030 and 100% of new MHDV trucks to be emissions free by 2040.

As part of the agreement, Eaton pledges to work with its industry partners to overcome strategic, political and technical barriers accelerate zero emission vehicle production and deployment and increase investment and economies of scale to make the transition faster and more cost effective.

CALSTART is a national nonprofit that focuses on activities to accelerate clean transportation.

Worked with industry stakeholders at the state and federal level to advance electric vehicle and EV infrastructure adoption.

Advocated for tax incentives in the Inflation Reduction Act including Commercial clean vehicles (Sec. 45W), Energy efficient commercial buildings (Sec. 179D), Advanced energy project (Sec. 48C), Investment tax credit (Sec. 48).

EV passenger and commercial federal tax credit extension and expansion.

Participated in state government working groups to drive energy efficient building codes, electrification, emissions reduction and renewable energy resources.

Advocated for state building decarbonization and energy efficiency policies including extension and expansion of the energy efficient commercial buildings (Sec. 179D) and IIJA Grid Modernization funds.

Advocated to support transportation, electrification, grid modernization, resiliency and reliability as part of federal and state infrastructure and stimulus discussions including energy efficiency and renewable energy resources in the IIJA and IRA.

Joined business community partners to advocate for state government action on climate change and emission reduction.

Collaborated with industry partners to advocate state level investment of federal infrastructure to address climate change and public health.

Europe Euro 7 VII CO2 and NOx regulations that drive adoption of standards that increase emissions reductions.

Electric vehicle safety regulations that ensure safe deployment of zero emission vehicles.

Development of hydrogen fuel technologies for adoption in the heavy duty vehicle segment.

Engaged in the dialogue around the DU Energy Efficiency and Alternative Fuel Directives to promote development of policies and regulations that facilitate deep flexibility markets to accelerate the energy transition to renewable fuels and energy.

Advocating for the phaseout of SF6 switchgear to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The Quality Function relies on its Quality Management System (QMS), which is designed to monitor and evaluate the sites’ QMS risk profile, which includes, but is not limited to, product safety.

Based on the risk assessment results, qualitative and actionable priorities are established and deployed.

Our sites complete an annual self assessment to comply with corporate QMS requirements, industry standards and regulatory requirements.

Additionally, Eaton performs internal annual audits to evaluate continuous compliance to the QMS requirements.

Consumer Safety and Quality Councils a forum to manage product safety concerns, corrective actions, and best practices are deployed at all levels of the corporation.

Our Eaton Quality Management System (EQMS), part of the Eaton Business System, works because our quality and operational excellence teams have created a proactive culture at all levels of the organization.

We make sure the customer’s voice is fully integrated into our design, manufacturing, supply chain and field processes.

We leverage our scale in quality management by identifying and implementing best practices and lessons learned throughout our diverse businesses.

Our quality management system helps Eaton sites implement process discipline, identify risks and opportunities, take necessary actions, quickly address issues and achieve efficiency and effectiveness.

Our system has requirements above and beyond the different industries we serve, with ISO 9001 applicable for most of our sites, IATF16949 applicable for sites serving our automotive customers and AS9100 applicable for sites serving our aerospace customers.

It also includes customer specific requirements and corporate procedures as well as businesses and site specific procedures.

Our quality manual, policies and procedures are frequently reviewed and updated, and we have several processes to assess the management system suitability and compliance.

On an annual basis, our sites perform internal audits and execute a QMS risk analysis at least twice per year.

We engage with third party certification bodies to audit our sites every year to ensure QMS compliance and effectiveness.

Aligned to operational performance, we conduct Validated Operations Assessments (OpA) to strengthen EQMS implementation and maturity, as well as overall deployment of our Business System.

Each of these components does not independently constitute a comprehensive QMS, but together they create an integrated, holistic system designed to meet all requirements.

The Eaton specific QMS policies are defined based on Eaton practices, industry best practices, international standards and other sources.

In support of overall business goals, the Quality Function establishes Quality goals with guidance from the Senior Leadership Committee and final approval from the CEO.

Figure 24: Product quality KPIs 12 The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected.

Eaton’s Code of Ethics is the policy that covers protecting assets and information.

It states that employees should use Eaton property, information and opportunities for Eaton’s business purposes and not for unauthorized use.

We properly maintain the confidentiality of information and employee data entrusted to us by Eaton or others.

A documented, systematic set of Information Security Policies and Standards and supporting procedures are used to protect Eaton’s operations, assets, data and services and to defend against, respond to and recover from cyberattacks.

These policies and procedures are supported by standardized infrastructure and application service practices, protective and detective cybersecurity systems and security monitoring, threat hunting and incident response capabilities including: firewalls, intrusion detection, web proxies, anti virus anti malware, identity and access management, multi factor authentication, privileged account management, endpoint detection and response, e mail and network malware detection and sandboxing, security information and event management and threat intelligence platforms, e mail forgery protections, vulnerability management, user entity and behavior analytics, phishing exercises, cybersecurity tabletop exercises, an active security awareness program, and a vetted and well trained cybersecurity staff.

Policies are closely aligned to relevant security control frameworks such as NIST 800 171, NIST 800 53, NIST CSF, ISO 27001, and COBIT.

At Eaton, cybersecurity is an integral consideration, with strict protocols placed on the people, processes and technologies within our Secure Development LifeCycle process (SDLC), the program that integrates security protocols at every phase of product creation.

ESG Disclosures maintenance, enforcing cybersecurity best practices via training, threat modelling, requirements analysis, implementation, verification and ongoing support.

Additionally, our cybersecurity best practices extend beyond our own labs to help keep our customers informed about potential vulnerabilities and provide industry insights well as tools and other educational content.

Eaton’s emphasis on cybersecurity extends to partnerships with universities to attract and prepare the next generation of engineers to develop new security strategies for connected devices.

For example, we’ve established the Eaton Cybersecurity SAFE (Security Assessment and Forensic Examination) Lab at Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) to provide students with hands on experience in solving cybersecurity challenges.

A dedicated, global team manages the receipt, investigation, vulnerability remediation and public reporting of security vulnerability information related to Eaton products.

We are prepared to work in good faith with individual researchers, ICS CERT, security intelligence gathering agencies, customers and field personnel who might discover and submit a vulnerability report on our products.

Vulnerabilities can be reported on our Report an Issue page.

Eaton utilizes a Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) to filter and route traffic from the public internet and to host externally facing resources.

Third parties, remote users, and partner networks are required to VPN into the organization to gain access to resources.

Multifactor authentication in the form of RSA tokens (contractors partners third party vendors) or Active Directory credentials (employees) and a user specific PKI certificate generated uniquely for each device is required to access the organization's internal resources.

Perimeter security defenses such as firewalls, proxies, and IDS IPS systems are employed as security controls.

Micro segmentation is utilized widely in the organization’s DMZ and the internal networks are selectively air gapped or segmented based on business need.

Information security management system: Security requirements for the product are identified based on industry standards NIST SP 800 53, NIST 62351, and UL 2900.

These requirements provide a unified way of developing a product compliant with multiple security standards.

Eaton is also the first company to partner with UL on a Cybersecurity Client Lab Validation Program to test Eaton products to key aspects of UL 2900 1 1 Standard.

Compliance to GDPR: The product review helps establish security best practices and recommendations while the product is in its infancy.

After this review, the product completes a threat modeling and security requirements analysis.

Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances of finding flaws in later stages.

Additionally, the cost to fix in an early stage is significantly less.

A product review is used to walk through the concept of the product.

Based on the review, a data flow diagram is created to depict the overall flow of data in the product, and an architectural analysis is performed to identify criticality of components.

Additionally, sensitive and personal data are identified to ensure compliance with applicable data protection regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Employee awareness on cybersecurity: Targeted Eaton employees take the Data Protection and Privacy Basics course as part of Eaton’s Ethics and Compliance training through Eaton’s online learning platform.

This training is chosen for employees based on their job functions.

Identifying issues in the design reduces the chances of finding flaws in later stages.

Additionally, the cost to fix in an early stage is significantly less.

The information contained in this report, including but not limited to any facts or forwarding looking statements, should not be interpreted as a decision by Eaton that such information is material information as that term is used or understood in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or as that term is defined by the Supreme Court in TSC Industries v. Northway, Inc., 426 U.S. 438, 449 (1976).

Many statements in this report are forward looking statements related to projections and future plans that are based, and inherently subject to, on a number of uncertainties, risks and unknowns.

Such forward looking statements may be identified by words such as may, expect, could, goal, will, plan, intend, anticipate, target, potential, and other similar phrases or words that convey a future or prospective nature.

These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control.

The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements: the course of the COVID 19 pandemic globally and government actions related thereto geopolitical tensions, unanticipated changes in the markets for the company’s business segments unanticipated downturns in business relationships with customers or their purchases from us competitive pressures on sales and pricing supply chain disruptions, unanticipated changes in the cost of material, labor, and other production costs, or unexpected costs that cannot be recouped in product pricing the introduction of competing technologies unexpected technical or marketing difficulties unexpected claims, charges, litigation or dispute resolutions strikes or other labor unrest natural disasters the performance of recent acquisitions unanticipated difficulties completing or integrating acquisitions new laws and governmental regulations interest rate changes changes in tax laws or tax regulations stock market and currency fluctuations and unanticipated deterioration of economic and financial conditions in the United States and around the world.

We do not assume any obligation to update these forward looking statements.

Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is an intelligent power management company.

Eaton’s mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services.

We recognize that a company should be defined by more than financial results it should also be defined by its commitment to the environment, its contributions to society and the strength of its governance.

In 2017, The Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board, published a set of voluntary recommendations for use by companies in providing information to investors, lenders and insurance underwriters about their climate related financial risks.

In 2021, The International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) released its Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) detailing that all plausible climate change scenarios show global warming exceeding 1.5 C by around 2030.

However, it also advises that quick action can keep that exceedance minimal and temporary.

To do that, global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions need to fall by more than 40% by 2030, followed by global net zero emissions by 2050 (Figure 1).

Eaton is responding to the urgent need for climate action and stakeholder expectations of transparency by implementing our sustainability strategy.

Our 2030 sustainability targets include a 1.5 C science based greenhouse gas reduction target, along with a commitment to transparently communicate our sustainability progress.

We have joined the United Nations Race to Zero to affirm our commitment to science based climate action.

A vital part of that commitment is understanding and disclosing our climate risks using the TCFD disclosure framework.

Eaton is proud to be among the more than 3,800 organizations officially supporting TCFD.

Since we published our first TCFD report in 2020, we have seen some of our reported climate risks and the ongoing opportunities come to bear.

Less predictable and more extreme weather, wildfires and geopolitical issues have resulted in supply chain and workforce challenges globally and, to some extent, for our company.

At the same time, we are seeing unprecedented growth in electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, renewable energy, energy storage and plans for investing in the utility grid of the future all strong advantages for Eaton.

While we cannot control all these forces, we have a strong plan to mitigate our greenhouse gas emissions and execute on our business strategy related climate opportunities: electrification, digitalization and the transition to renewable energy.

Figure 1: Core elements of recommended climate related financial disclosures.

Reducing our value chain emissions with science based and carbon neutral operations targets.

Advancing our carbon offset strategy, which includes offsetting emissions with certified renewable energy credits and verified high quality carbon offsets that focus on additionality and carbon removal.

Role of the Board: Eaton’s Board of Directors oversees Eaton’s business strategy.

Our Board works with management to consider specific issues relevant to the overall conduct of our businesses, including strategy, emerging challenges and enterprise risks, safety, sustainability, culture, financial performance, acquisitions and other strategic alliances.

Our Board and company are focused on meeting the needs of all our stakeholders our employees, our customers and suppliers, our communities and our shareholders.

Eaton’s enduring commitment to inclusion and diversity is exemplified in the composition of our Board.

Our Board recognizes the value of nominating director candidates who bring diverse opinions, perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to Board deliberations.

As of December 31, 2022, our Board was comprised of 11 members, and as a result of the Board’s focus on Board composition diversity, the Board was 36% gender diverse and 36% racially ethnically diverse.

In order for a director candidate to be recommended by our Governance Committee, a candidate must have the following minimum qualifications: personal ability, integrity, relevant business background, independence, experience, expertise in areas of importance to our objectives, and sensitivity to our corporate responsibilities.

In addition, our Governance Committee looks for individuals with specific qualifications so that the Board as a whole has diversity in experience, international perspective, background, expertise, skills, age, gender and ethnicity.

These specific qualifications may vary from year to year, depending upon the composition of the Board at that time.

Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, while our management is responsible for the day to day management of the material1 risks facing Eaton.

Our Board has chosen to retain overall responsibility for risk assessment and oversight at the Board level in light of the interrelated nature of the elements of risk, rather than delegating this responsibility to a Board committee.

The Board is also responsible for oversight of Eaton’s Enterprise Risk Management program, which identifies, assesses and mitigates our top risks, including climate related and other ESG risks.

As noted above, our Board has ultimate oversight of our risk management and Eaton's strategic direction, both of which drive our efforts related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

The Board’s oversight of ESG includes review of environmental, community affairs, corporate governance, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, culture and human capital management matters.

Our Board regularly considers ESG issues at full Board and committee meetings.

In addition, at Eaton’s annual strategy sessions, our Board regularly conducts a detailed review of Eaton’s sustainability strategy with management.

The Board has the following committees which meet regularly throughout the year: Audit Compensation and Organization Finance Governance and Innovation and Technology.

As part of the Board’s ultimate oversight of Eaton’s ESG strategy, the Board, through its committees, considers specific risks and opportunities, including climate related risks and opportunities, that fall within certain of the committees’ areas of responsibility.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures updates to our full Board on the activities of their respective committees. meets with the committee at each of its meetings to provide updates on ethics and compliance matters.

Chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System: The chief sustainability officer and executive vice president, Eaton Business System (CSO), is a member of Eaton’s Senior Leadership Committee (SLC) and is responsible for reporting climate related and environmental issues to the SLC on a quarterly basis.

The CSO also discusses climate change issues regularly at Board and committee meetings.

The CSO leads Eaton’s Environmental, Health and Safety function, which manages environmental metrics tracking and reporting, as well as Eaton Business System, the core operating system for the organization.

Through Eaton Business System, we have procedures for continuous improvement and sharing best practices across the enterprise.

We align our greenhouse gas accounting methodology with the GHG Corporate Protocol to ensure our practices are aligned with global standards.

Our businesses report on environmental performance, including greenhouse gas emissions targets, to the chief executive officer and the chief operating officers annually during Environmental Operations Reviews.

Audit committee: The Audit Committee reviews Eaton’s material financial risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including any related to the environment and climate, and ESG matters generally.

The committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving Eaton’s processes and controls in place for specific ESG related public disclosures.

Compensation and organization committee: The Compensation and Organization Committee is responsible for reviewing relevant matters related to the social pillar of ESG, which may include matters such as employee engagement, culture, training and development, inclusion and diversity and pay equity.

The committee is also primarily responsible for oversight of recruitment, talent, succession planning and compensation matters, and continually evaluates how ESG metrics factor into decisions taken in these areas.

Governance committee: The Governance Committee is responsible for considering relevant matters related to the environmental and governance pillars of ESG, as determined by the committee.

Eaton’s chief legal officer regularly provides updates to the committee on corporate governance and related matters.

Eaton’s chief sustainability officer briefs the committee on environmental, health and safety matters.

Eaton’s vice president, Public Affairs provides updates on Eaton’s public affairs.

Historical weather and climate observations show that the climate is changing and global mean temperatures have already increased by about 1 C.

According to IPCC, the global mean sea level has risen by about 20 cm since 1900.

Sea and land ice is decreasing, permafrost is thawing and rainfall and flooding events are becoming more extreme.

Global Change Research Program states that the climate is changing at a rate not seen for at least the last 2,000 years and scientists agree that human activities, especially greenhouse gas emissions, are the main cause of warming.

Future projections from climate models indicate that, unless very drastic measures are taken to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and its footprint on nature and the climate, these trends are very likely to continue and some additional amount of warming is inevitable.

If measures are taken to reduce and eventually eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from human activities, global temperature increase could be limited to 1.5 2 C of warming whereas without intervention toward greener energy production global average temperature could increase by 5 C (higher scenario).

In 2023, we conducted a quantitative analysis of both our climate physical risks and transition risks as part of our updated climate scenario analysis.

TCFD recommends modeling at least three scenarios at 1.5 degree below 2 degree and a higher temperature future.

Climate Change (IPCC) Shared Socio Economic Pathways (SSPs) higher temperature scenarios.

For our transition analysis, we used three International Energy Agency scenarios: Announced Policies (2.1 C scenario), Stated Policies (2.6 C scenario) and Net Zero (1.4 C scenario).

The IEA scenarios were chosen because they use IPCC MAGICC 7 climate model from the IPCC’s 6th Assessment Report (IPCC, 2021).

All changes in temperatures are relative to 1850 1900 and match the IPCC 6th Assessment Report definition of warming of 0.85 C between 1995 2014.

Details for the 4 IEA Scenarios are found in Annex A of the IEA 2021 World Energy Outlook.

For transition risks and opportunities, we define medium term as five years and long term as 10 years.

For our physical climate risks, we used an integrated planetary intelligence platform, developed by Earth Knowledge, Inc., designed to be a digital twin of the Earth.

Economic growth emphasizes human well being and lower resource and energy intensity.

Economic growth emphasizes human well being and lower resource and energy intensity .

Announced nationally determined contributions are implemented.

Actions taken to enforce policies affecting energy markets (policies adopted by 2022).

Quick global economic growth and high energy intensity.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures such as soil moisture, evapotranspiration, and surface water runoff, as well as climate indicators that range across seven themes.

This solution modeled 1 km2 granularity across 23 indicators, spanning seven risk themes, to identify climate risk and opportunities related to 211 of Eaton’s physical assets in 35 countries, including manufacturing locations, distribution centers and warehouses, headquarters, labs and other significant sites.

For physical climate projections, we define medium term as 2030 and long term as 2050.

Climate projections differ from weather predictions in that instead of providing a probabilistic estimate of an event occurring, climate projections consider a range of plausible future scenarios, from ones where the world complies with the Paris Agreement targets to ones where greenhouse gases are emitted at close to current rates.

Two climate scenarios, a lower temperature scenario (SSP1 2.6) and a higher temperature scenario (SSP5 8.5), run for three different climate models (IPSL CM6A LR15, MIROC616, and MRI ESM2 017) provide forward looking climate projections, which were used as input to calculate the 23 climate indicators globally.

Projections were calculated for 10 year periods (decadal trends) at each asset location from 2020 through 2050 for each indicator.

Compared to a baseline period from 1960 1989, an exposure index was given based on the severity of the change in each indicator on an asset by asset basis.

Any change relative to the baseline period is considered an adaptation challenge.

The exposure indices represent statistical trends over a range of years (decades).

Because the projections are calculated from monthly values and are aggregated over a ten year period, extreme acute events are not captured in this analysis, which summarizes changes in chronic exposure rather than short term acute events.

Summary of climate transition risks and opportunities The findings of the scenario planning exercises identified a range of potential impacts.

As reported in Eaton’s 2022 10k report, there are potentially material operational risks from the effects of climate change, including weather disruptions and regulatory market reactions, which create uncertainties that could negatively impact our business.

Global increases in greenhouse gas emissions are linked to climate change, and there is consensus that dramatic emissions reductions are needed to avoid severe climate impacts.

Extreme weather events are linked to climate change, and include hurricanes, flooding, wildfires, high heat, and water scarcity.

These are potential physical risks to Eaton’s operating locations and supply chains.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures extreme weather events, political instability, and workforce migration, ultimately increasing Eaton’s cost of doing business.

Regulatory reactions to climate change may pose more stringent obligations on Eaton’s operations and change customer demands.

While Eaton is already gearing its portfolio towards products that will reduce carbon and adapt to climate change, there is a risk that Eaton may not innovate quickly enough to meet changing regulatory or market demands.

Increasing demands for metals as the world electrifies may lead to scarcity and increased costs, as may uncertainty over carbon taxes and grid stability during a renewables transition.

Despite these uncertainties, we believe Eaton is well positioned to capitalize on secular trends and market opportunities arising from these risks.

Across the three IEA scenarios analyzed18, overall Eaton market growth is relatively unchanged out to 2030.

In the mid term and the long term, across all three scenarios, CAGR varies by 0.2%.

Total addressable market size is also relatively unchanged at the company level across all three IEA scenarios through 2030.

In the 1.5 and 2 C scenarios, there is more dispersion across end market growth with renewables, EVs, EV infrastructure, utility grid, residential EV charging, energy efficiency and more efficient and alternative fueled airplanes showing more growth compared with the Stated Policies scenario.

Oil and gas, traditional power generation, air travel and total automotive internal combustion vehicles show somewhat slower growth in the 1.5 and 2 C scenarios compared to the higher temperature scenario.

The above analysis assumed no change to Eaton's portfolio over time.

However, as Eaton executes on our strategy related to electrification, digitalization and energy transition, we expect these portfolio shifts to continue to mitigate transition risks and create new low carbon climate opportunities for our company.

Eaton examines how physical climate risks could affect our operations using our business continuity frameworks.

Through this process we integrate a number of risks such as hurricanes, high heat, increasingly unpredictable weather patterns, and flooding into our business continuity management (BCM) planning.

Our climate scenario analysis results will be incorporated into our BCM activities.

Although our risk modeling was focused on chronic physical climate risks using decadal averages, we understand that the event based, shorter term and acute physical climate risks will also be part of Eaton’s adaptation and resiliency challenge.

Based on our 2022 climate scenario analysis of physical climate risks in the medium term (2030) and the long term (2050), we found some differences between the two future scenarios.

Figure 8: Summary table comparing the increase in the number of Eaton assets that have high or extreme risk exposure ratings in 2030 and 2050 in the SSP126 and SSP585 scenarios.

Increase in temperatures driving significant change related to drought and wildfire and moderate impacts in water availability to Eaton’s assets.

Increase in cooling degree days19 driving potential for electrical grid instability that could impact 81% of Eaton’s assets by 2050 under the higher temperature scenario.

Other than temperature, drought, and wildfire, in the near term (2020 2040) there are little deviations between the lower temperature (SSP1 2.6) and higher temperature (SSP5 8.5) climate scenarios.

This is because science shows notable differences skew after 2040.

For this report, for comparison purposes, we’ve included more detailed risk charts for the top three identified physical risks at the 2030 and 2050 timeframes across both temperature scenarios.

Increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere over the past century have caused increases in surface air temperature across the globe.

The present concentration of atmospheric CO2 is higher than any time in at least the last two million years (IPCC, 2021).

In the near term (2020 2040), for both SSP scenarios, warming is generally expected to continue.

As observed over the last several decades, warming is expected to be higher over land areas than over oceans with the largest degree of warming happening at higher latitudes in the northern hemisphere winter season (IPCC, 2021).

For the 2040 2060 period, projected warming diverges across different scenarios with little excess heating for the lower SSP1 2.6 scenario, compared to the near term, and continued increased heating for the higher SSP5 8.5 scenario.

It compares the average daily temperature with a standard threshold temperature (here 18 C).

The number of degrees the average daily temperature is higher than the threshold temperature is the cooling degree days for that day.

Cooling degree days are accumulated over each year and can be used as a measure of how much energy is needed for cooling buildings to a comfortable temperature.

Potential impact to industry: Increased frequency of high heat days caused by climate change can create safety and productivity challenges for manufacturing and field service work.

Longer term, population migration and related social issues could impact workforce availability.

High heat temperature allowances for hourly staff in related working areas can lead to increased costs, higher employee turnover and worker shortages.

Potential government mandates to stop working on high heat days could impact production and on time deliveries.

An increased spread of high temperature related diseases and illnesses can impact workforce availability.

High temperatures may damage sensitive components and materials in operations and also cause energy shortages, increased cooling costs and brownouts that may disrupt operations.

During the 2020 time period, about 50% of the Eaton assets analyzed have moderate risk exposure to temperature and 49% have a high exposure to temperature.

The large number of assets that are already at moderate or higher exposure is related to the fact that temperature has already increased significantly in many parts of the world since the baseline period of 1960 1989.

By 2030, under the lower temperature scenario, the number of assets that change from a low and moderate hazard index to a high or extreme level increases dramatically with 3% of assets projected to have an extreme exposure related to temperature and 86% projected to have high exposure.

By 2050, analysis forecasts a 93% increase in the number of assets exposed to temperature related physical risks at the high or extreme level compared to the present time.

The assets projected to experience the highest impacts are in the southwestern U.S., southern and eastern Europe, and the Middle East.

Under the higher temperature scenario, by the 2030 decade, nearly 6% of assets are projected to have extreme exposure to temperature by 2030 and 80% are projected to have high exposure.

By 2050, for the higher scenario, the number of assets with extreme exposure to temperature related indicators is projected to increase to 62% with all continents represented at this exposure level.

Droughts occur when the amount of water evaporating from the surface and transpiring from plants into the atmosphere exceeds the amount of water available on the surface and in the top soil layers.

Lack of precipitation and a warm atmosphere are both drivers of drought.

Prolonged droughts can have devastating effects on ecology and agriculture and have impacts on water available for human needs.

Historically observed warming of the atmosphere and changing precipitation patterns have already contributed to increased water stress and droughts in regions on all continents (IPCC, 2021).

Continued warming under the lower temperature scenario is expected to increase drought severity and duration in some areas whereas a similar, but more amplified, effect is projected under the higher temperature scenario.

A rough generalization is that areas that have historically been affected by drought are becoming drier and areas not historically affected by drought are becoming wetter.

Potential impact to industry: Drought has the potential to impact supply chain in terms of water intensive upstream materials that can be impacted by droughts.

Materials such as pulp, cardboard, plating, coating, foundry cooling and machined part washing could be impacted.

Second order impacts to communities, public health and food systems could also impact regions experiencing drought.

For the 2020 decade, the majority of Eaton’s assets have very low or low exposure to drought, relative to the baseline period.

Some assets distributed throughout North America, Africa, Europe, Saudi Arabia and China have a moderate exposure, and 3% of assets, all located in the western and southern U.S. and northwestern Mexico, have high exposure.

Under the lower temperature scenario and the 2030 decade, 6% of analyzed assets are projected to have high or extreme exposure.

By 2050 7% of assets are projected to be subjected to high or extreme exposure.

Figure 9: Temperature risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

Figure 10: Drought risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios.

Notably, the proportion of assets with moderate drought exposure rises from 13% to 20% between the 2030 and 2050 timeframes.

Sites with high and extreme drought exposure are located in the western U.S., Mexico, Morocco and Saudi Arabia.

Some exposure is projected to moderate slightly under the lower scenario, which is to be expected because the SSP1 2.6 scenario assumes global average temperature change will peak around 5 C warming by mid century before decreasing slightly toward the end of the century.

In the higher temperature SSP5 8.5 scenario, by 2030, nearly 6% of analyzed assets are subject to high to extreme drought exposure.

By 2050, nearly 9% of analyzed assets are high or extreme and are located in the southwestern U.S., the Middle East and South Africa.

Notably, the number of assets with moderate drought risk exposure rises from 13% in 2020 to 43% by 2050.

The Water Conditions risk exposure is a combination of indicators for water availability (positive or negative change from baseline) and aridity.

In general, this is not a high exposure for Eaton under either temperature scenario.

In all decade and scenario combinations, there is only one site that reaches a high exposure, which is in the Caribbean.

For areas that are already arid, most likely small changes have a big impact, but that may not be reflected in the exposure ratings and further site level analysis may be warranted.

Potential impact to industry: Wildfire exposure is projected to rise across a variety of regions in the coming decades across both temperature scenarios.

Second order impacts to energy systems, suppliers and logistics networks can be disrupted by wildfire.

Eaton has sites that are potentially at risk for increased wildfires causing poor or dangerous air quality, road closures, and employee health, safety and housing concerns due to fires and smoke paths.

Figure 11: Wildfire risk exposure in 2030 and 2050 across two temperature scenarios. temperatures, low humidity, low rainfall and high winds across most of Eaton’s geography, especially in the higher temperature scenario.

During the 2020 decade, no assets are subjected to extreme exposure to wildfire related physical risks, but 29% of assets analyzed are subjected to moderate through high exposure with all high exposure assets located in western and southern U.S. and northern Mexico.

Under the lower temperature SSP1 2.6 scenario, by 2050, the number of assets projected to have extreme exposure related to wildfire drops compared to 2030 because in this scenario temperatures peak before 2050.

However, the number of assets at moderate and high exposure risk increases.

Assets with moderate or higher exposure by 2050 for both temperature scenarios are spread throughout all continents.

Under the higher temperature scenario by the 2030 period, 5% of analyzed assets in the western U.S., northern Mexico, Saudi Arabia, and India are projected to have high to extreme exposure to wildfire with more than 40% of assets projected to have moderate exposure.

By 2050, 12% of assets are projected to have high to extreme exposure occurring in the western U.S., North and South Africa, the Middle East and India.

Variations between the SSP1 2.6 and SSP5 8.5 scenarios reflect the high variability in land conditions that contribute to wildfire exposure.

Also, in the SSP5 8.5 scenario continued increases in temperature is the major driving force of wildfire.

During the 2020 time period, under either temperature scenario, no assets are subjected to high or extreme exposure for precipitation related physical risk.

Under both temperature scenarios by 2050, less than ten assets have moderate exposure in Brazil, China, Puerto Rico, India the Philippines and Taiwan.

Potential impact to industry: Inland flooding can impact manufacturing operations, power generation, suppliers’ property and manufacturing equipment, and logistics networks may be particularly impacted.

The flood theme indicators include moderate and peak monthly runoff, which are driven by changes in precipitation.

Therefore, similar to the precipitation indicators, flood indicators are not projected to experience significant change between 2020 2050 for either future scenario.

Under both temperature scenarios, 22 24 assets projected to have moderate to high exposure to flood related physical risk are located in the northeastern U.S., Puerto Rico, Brazil, India, East Asia (China and Taiwan), and the Philippines.

By 2050, the number of assets exposed to moderate and high flood risk declines, but new regions, including some in Texas are projected to have increased exposure.

The higher temperature scenario shows a similar number of assets in similar regions with moderate to high risk exposed compared to the lower temperature scenario.

By 2050, the number of assets exposed to moderate and high flood risk declines, but new regions, including in Texas are projected to have increased exposure.

Potential impact to industry: The global mean sea level is projected to increase under all future climate scenarios mainly due to increased temperatures causing melting of glaciers and the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets in addition to thermal expansion of ocean water as it warms.

Under lower scenarios, the global mean sea level is expected to rise between 0.1 0.4m by 2050, relative to 1995 2014 levels, whereas under higher scenarios, the range is between 0.1 0.6m by 2050 (IPCC, 2021).

Locally, relative sea level rise differs from the global levels due to a variety of factors, including ocean currents, winds, and local vertical land movement due to tectonic movement or extraction of oil and gas underground.

Although hurricane models are still maturing and local projections of storm tracks are difficult to simulate, hurricane models point toward an increase in hurricane intensity and associated rainfall.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures the order of 10 15% for rainfall rates for a 2 C global warming scenario (NOAA, 2023).

While most models show either no change or a decrease in hurricane frequency in a warmer climate, projected increases in sea surface temperatures along with a warmer atmosphere capable of holding more water are likely to fuel stronger storms, with a greater proportion of hurricanes reaching Category 4 or 5 resulting in greater impacts and bigger and costlier disasters when they make landfall (NASA, 2022).

Hurricane risk combines a number of climate risk themes including precipitation and sea level rise.

Because modeling of climate related hurricane activity is still maturing, Eaton did not do a site level decadal analysis of hurricane exposure for this climate scenario analysis.

Eaton sites and suppliers are at risk of amplified hurricane activity in the medium to long term.

Eaton has manufacturing operations in the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, U.S. Gulf Coast and U.S. Atlantic Carolinas coast, Philippines and Southern China that are geographically located where hurricane intensity may increase.

Potential operational risks include employee safety and on time deliveries and loss of power, communications system disruptions, customer disruptions and damage to property.

Potential supply chain related risks include supplier, logistics and utility network disruption, and to refining and chemicals suppliers and import export logistics networks.

Across both temperature scenarios, during the 2020 time period, all analyzed assets have very low exposure to sea level rise related physical risk due to their local distance to the coast and elevation from sea level.

Although assets might not be directly impacted by increases in sea level rise, disruptions from local inundation may still affect productivity due to loss of access, communication, or power.

By 2050, between 8 and 11 assets will have low exposure to sea level rise related physical risk located along the east coast of the United States, the eastern United Kingdom and coastal China.

By 2050 under both scenarios, 100% of Eaton’s assets analyzed have low to very low exposure to sea level rise.

In general, climate science shows sea level rise is projected to have greater impact inlater decades and for assets located closer to the coasts.

In our operations: Mitigating climate change through reduced greenhouse gas emissions can provide operational savings in the long term, as well as cost savings related to current and emerging regulation around mandated reporting and future carbon pricing.

Since 2018, Eaton has reduced Scope1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 27% and has a science based target of 50% reduction by 2030 (Figure 11).

Throughout our organization, Eaton is continuously working to further reduce our energy, emissions, water and waste footprints.

Figure 12: Illustration of Eaton's transition plan for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

We will continue to implement capital projects that reduce electricity through more efficient and automated manufacturing equipment and technologies as well as building envelope and sytem improvements.

We will implement alternative solutions to reduce fugitive emissions from refrigerants and sulfur hexaflouride (SF6) from our systems and processes.

We will deploy on site solar panels, energy storage and microgrids in key Eaton locations.

We will add new renewables to the grid through off site utility scale solar and wind projects.

We have committed to deploy electric vehicles, charging infrastructure and more efficient fleets for our sales, service and other operational vehicles.

We will switch to sustainable fuel sources where possible for processes that combust fuel on site.

Where we can’t, we’ll electrify processes with renewables.

We will continue to ensure efficient operations by implementing a strategy to right size the square footage of our buildings and manufacturing operations globally.

We will offset emissions that aren’t addressable through other levers with certified renewable energy credits and verified high quality carbon offsets that focus on additionality and carbon removal.

Figure 13: Eaton's Scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction levers.

We are working to both reduce our energy demand and green our energy supply.

We are focusing on the first six primary levers (Figure 13) to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.

In the near term we are not prioritizing the use of carbon offsets, but we may use credible carbon offsets in the future to meet our carbon neutral aims.

From 2023 2025, we are prioritizing energy efficiency, fugitive emissions and renewable energy procurement that prioritizes additionality adding new renewable energy to the grid.

We are guided by our commitment to do business right, to operate sustainably and to help our customers manage power today and well into the future.

By capitalizing on the global growth trends of electrification and digitalization, we're accelerating the planet's transition to renewable energy, helping to solve the world's most urgent power management challenges, and doing what's best for our stakeholders.

Eaton’s businesses are well positioned to take advantage of secular growth trends related to the energy transition from fossil fuels to renewables.

We are responding to these trends by innovating solutions that transform the electrical power value chain, investing in electrical vehicle markets, increasing our focus on electrification, and employing digital technologies for power management.

Eaton’s innovations are expected to enable the integration of renewables and sustainability solutions, with new types of equipment, services and software.

These strategic focus areas are an important part of our response to climate change.

Across our value chain: Eaton has committed to reducing our upstream and downstream emissions 15% by 2030.

In 2022, our Scope 3 emissions were reduced 23% since 2018.

Product use emissions represent 95% of our Scope 3 emissions.

There are two primary drivers for the reduction of this category.

The first is a shift in the sales mix of our solutions to more efficient technologies and lower carbon intensity products as well as some impact from the greening of the grid.

The second is sales volume decline related to the ongoing impact of the pandemic on certain industries.

We expect some of these reductions to be more permanent and some to change as industries recover and our company grows.

Scope 3 emissions for all other categories were reduced 5% from our 2018 baseline.

We are targeting 3 billion in sustainable research and development by 2030.

Since 2020, Eaton has invested 900 million in R D to grow our sustainable Positive Impact solutions.

We have integrated our Positive Impact Framework into our new product introduction system to embed sustainable design into our core innovation processes.

We are improving our carbon accounting for product materials and use to meet our customers’ needs and to drive faster results toward our targets.

We are engaging our suppliers in climate action and are consistently a leader in CDPs supplier engagement scores.

We are one of 35 stakeholders participating in the development and piloting of the WBCSD Value Chain Carbon Transparency framework for the calculation and exchange of product level carbon emissions data across value chains.

Financial planning: Eaton is actively managing its portfolio and expects to deliver higher margins and more consistent earnings supported by secular growth trends: sustainability, intelligent and connected products, and electrification and energy transition.

Climate transition opportunities position Eaton to deliver an incremental 8 10% EPS growth between 2021 2026.

Eaton has been working to formalize integration of ESG risk considerations in its M A activities.

Jiangsu Ryan Electrical: Eaton recently acquired a 49% interest in Jiangsu Ryan Electrical, which manufactures power distribution and sub transmission transformers in China, focusing on dry type transformers that are a booming market amid an increasing renewable energy base and rising electricity consumption globally.

Innovative Switchgear and Ulusoy Electrik: In 2019 Eaton acquired Innovative Switchgear, and a 93.7% controlling interest in Ulusoy Electrik, to expand Eaton’s offerings in medium voltage switchgear and other equipment for utility customers, including more environmentally friendly SF6 free solutions.

Sunbank Connection Technologies in 2019 to enhance offerings of highly engineered electrical interconnect solutions for harsh environments in the aerospace, defense, industrial, energy and transport industries.

Harsh environments will be more frequent as customers mitigate climate risks, making harsh environment solutions more important in the future.

Lite expands and strengthens Eaton’s single phase, uninterrupted power supply system and data center solutions, product lines that support growing demand for reliability, edge computing and distributed information technology in the face of increased energy challenges.

Green Motion SA, a leading designer and manufacturer of electric vehicle charging hardware and related software.

This acquisition complements existing energy storage and power distribution offerings, and positions Eaton to grow with the global energy transition to electric vehicles.

Figure 15: Eaton's annual cumulative sustainable research and development investment.

Reactive Technologies: In August 2021, Eaton made a strategic investment in the UK and Finland based grid technology company, Reactive Technologies Ltd. Eaton is collaborating with Reactive on supporting utilities to cost effectively increase renewable energy capacity.

Royal Power Solutions: Eaton’s 2022 acquisition of Royal Power Solutions, a U.S. based manufacturer of high precision electrical connectivity components used in electric vehicle, energy management, industrial and mobility markets, enhances our ability to capitalize on growth opportunities tied to electrification.

Cubenergy: Eaton’s 2022 strategic investment in Cubenergy, a China based energy storage company, also marks the beginning of a strategic commercial partnership on energy storage systems in the Asia Pacific region.

Eaton recently signed an agreement to acquire 50% of Jiangsu Huineng Electric’s circuit breakers business in China.

The partnership will offer an attractive portfolio of breakers, including tailored products for renewable energy applications.

Avoided emissions: Eaton’s goals to reduce and neutralize our greenhouse gas emissions is fundamental to addressing climate change.

We have the added responsibility of decoupling business growth from greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

But, for a power management company like Eaton, the impact of that mitigation is far surpassed by the potential of our growth strategy to address the global decarbonization challenge.

Avoided emissions, done well, allow companies to make credible, consistent and transparent assessments and claims on GHG emissions that are avoided in society as a result of the use of a company’s low carbon solutions.

For this reason, we have been working collaboratively to create standard guidance for companies to credibly measure their contribution to a global net zero carbon future.

We are a part of the World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Carbon Value Accounting working group that recently published guidance for credible accounting and reporting on avoided emissions.

Business Continuity Management: Eaton examines how physical climate risks could affect our operations using our business continuity frameworks.

Through this process we integrate a number of risks such as hurricanes, high heat, increasingly unpredictable weather patterns and flooding into our business continuity planning.

As a result of this exercise, Eaton plans to integrate additional risks, including wildfires, into its future planning.

Acute and chronic physical risks are included in our business sector risk assessments.

Eaton develops risk mitigation plans for extreme weather events exacerbated by climate change through its Business Continuity Management (BCM) process.

BCM is an Eaton process that requires each business sector to identify risks and establish mitigation and recovery plans for key buildings and infrastructure equipment manufacturing personnel tooling suppliers customers and IT to provide effective mitigation and recovery for Eaton’s key assets and revenue, while maintaining competitive advantage and value system integrity.

BCM takes key inputs and risks and creates mitigation and recovery strategies to direct business recovery efforts in the event of a disaster.

BCM is refreshed annually, with site and business sector leadership approving BCM mitigation plans.

Eaton continues to grow this process to improve resiliency.

Climate related risks have been expressly included in BCM planning since 2019, resulting in backup power assessments and deployment to higher risk sites in 2020.

We identify key buildings, infrastructure, customers, suppliers, manufacturing equipment, products information or documentation, and tooling as part of site specific BCM plans.

Business sectors ensure that their facility level plans are current and complete, with a focus on backup power generation, hardening, efficiency and resilience of assets, systems, infrastructure and equipment including air filtration systems, HVAC systems, building materials and design, insurance coverage and site inspections.

In 2022, Eaton conducted site level tabletop exercises for 57 locations to validate new or refresh business continuity plans.

All of Eaton’s sites deemed high risk for hurricanes were verified for hurricane readiness in 2022.

These 14 sites were selected based on rating for wind hazard and wind speed.

Hurricane readiness is defined as the site’s capability to implement the approved Business Continuity Plan (BCP).

Eaton mitigates the impact of high heat through its Environmental Health and Safety program.

All sites impacted by elevated ambient temperatures, either from climate or operational equipment, are required to assess and control health risks associated with working in high temperature environments.

ESG Disclosures ESG Disclosures radiant heat are deployed as needed.

In addition, administrative controls, including employee training, mandatory rest and hydration breaks, modifying work schedules to cooler periods and supervisory monitoring are implemented.

We are continuing to build on site solar to increase the resilience of selected sites.

BCM Compliance Report to track completion of each step in the annual BCM process at the site and business group level.

Quarterly Dashboard Report to monitor closure and resources dedicated to corrective actions identified during the business continuity planning process, table top exercise or actual events.

Supply chain resilience: In 2022, we increased our supply chain resiliency with the adoption of digital risk management tools to geospatially map our supply chain's critical suppliers, ports and logistics routes.

These solutions sense and monitor current operational, geographic and climate risk across 5,000 suppliers and logistics nodes.

These current risks may be amplified by future climate change.

We completed various risk simulations for supply chain operational, geographic and climate risks.

In addition, we increased our focus on building a more resilient supply chain with increased investments in multi sourcing and near shoring and a focus on leadtime reduction.

Implementing energy efficiency audits and projects, executing on site and off site renewable energy strategy, green fleet strategy and fugitive emissions reduction.

Updated climate scenario analysis, Positive Impact Framework in New Product Innovation process, ESG due diligence in M A, electrification, digitalization and energy transition strategy.

Integrate learnings from climate scenario analysis with ERM, BCM, real estate and planning efforts.

Continue to deploy health and safety high heat programs.

Understand climate risks and opportunities related to acquisitions and site assessments.

Continue to deploy SCM resilience activities focused on suppliers and logistics.

Investments in Sustainable R D, capital expenditures for energy efficiency, issued a Sustainability Linked Bond tied to our achievement of our science based GHG target.

Periodically monitor supplier and site specific future climate impacts to reduce risks from acute and chronic material climate hazards in the medium and long term.

The IFRS Foundation’s International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board recently integrated.

The SASB Standards identify the subset of sustainability issues most relevant to specific sectors.

SASB Standards were developed based on extensive feedback from companies, investors and other market participants as part of a transparent, publicly documented process.

Eaton reports under the Resource Transformation sector under the Electrical Electronic Equipment industry.

Target 1: By 2030 we plan to have 10% of our operations be certified zero water discharge.

We will focus this target in water stressed areas.

As global demand for water grows, we continue to reduce our water consumption and implement responsible water practices.

Our processes are not particularly water intensive, but water is critical to many of our operations.

And as water stress becomes more pronounced in some areas in which we operate, this will continue to be an area of focus for us.

Eaton encourages near miss (NM) and employee concern reporting as part of our safety management system (MESH) and promotes reporting as part of our Zero Incident Safety culture.

NM are used as a leading indicator to identify areas of risk and opportunity for continuous improvement.

NM reporting is tracked as a measure of employee engagement.

In 2021, we identified potentially severe incidents (PSI) as part of our proactive approach to reduce serious and fatal injuries.

Eaton does not track products containing IEC 62474 declarable substances by revenue.

Scope 3, Category 11 and 12 have been restated with updated methodology.

Statement of use Eaton has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 with reference to the GRI Standards.

For 2019 the number reflects net sales that met at least two of our six attributes in our Positive Impact Solutions framework.

The 2022 recall report is for the same product as in 2021, with an additional 8,958 vehicles affected.

This recall amends and supercedes the existing recall: FL 856 (NHTSA Campaign No 20V 404).

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

Not a top ESG topic as determined by our stakeholder assessment.

EATON 2022 Sustainability Report We make sustainable solutions for our future work.

We’re focused on making a difference in the world improving people’s lives, the communities where we live and work, and the planet future generations depend on.

All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.

Follow us on social media to get the latest product and support information.